He nearly drown in his own tea pee.
Mycheexarphlexin
Matt
Jean-Luc Pickacard
A bullet doesn't miss Harambe
He was having a mid-life crisis
One shucks between fits...
Kevin Durant or Bernie Sanders?
Because the shark burped. 
A bachelor will go to the fridge, sees nothing he wants, and go to bed A married man will go the bed, sees nothing he wants, and go the fridge!
Because the sentences usually end with periods.
Dimitree
Egg zactly!
A retail store.
One shucks between fits
He pulled a muscle 
They eat whatever bugs them.
Press the red button. 
I'd better not. You might get carried away.
Well then, you're a gay fish. 
Let's just be cousins. 
The Pizza doesn't scream when I put it in the oven.
Q: Why does Santa have three gardens? A: So he can "hoe, hoe, hoe."
Because he drank his coffee before it was cool.
They were yelling "Bach Bach Bach Bach"
A sunken chest with no booty.
Because attachments are forbidden.
I don't know either. It must be out-of-this-world.
The Rooster
They're both ready to eat you
I don't know. That's just the way it's spelled.
Slow down and apply lube
Never mind. you won't get it, and I won't care
Person 2:They're doctors, what do your parents do? 1: They beat me with pool sticks. 2: Oh, they must be really good at billiards. 
Dragons, because they're always spittin' fire.
Leave my presents
Three wars
A receding  line.
It isn't going cheep.
Black Lives Matter Edit1: No Im not targeting black people, or people with actual Down syndrome, just that group
Because he was outstanding in his field
5 1 to hold the bulb and 4 to spin the ladder.
If you are stuck at a red light, its the time that it takes for the occupant of the car behind you to honk his horn when the light turns green.
The Cis-Teen Chapel
A: That one in the middle thinks he's hard.
Your Guns N' Toeses I'll see myself out.
A: Sexually B: Sexually C: Sexually
Nun chucks. 
He uses the finest ingredients.
The Orange has thick skin and people actually like it.
He heard it was a great line of work.
Its hard
She's a transparent. 
Goes to a retail store to find another one.
They have to give the donkey a break. 
Sure, we've sold it to royalty Princesses? Mate, it prints ALL the letters!
It had connections.
Huge Jackman
No hard feelings.
They're making headlines everywhere.
Well, it's hard to even count, I will just give you a range of about how many. The range is <1.
Christopher Walken
If it doesn't make you look smart, it's blunt.
They always take things literally.
Cancer evolves, a Brazilian doesn't.
Eggs actually get laid. 
An Aflacco
Too Mennonite 
Nothing
No Beef Stew at all
Thanks for the gold!
They both said they were just going to the store
Can't we just let Argonne's be Argonne's?
They don't.  They just beat the room for being black.
A wet nose
Slippers
I don't even like pegging.
Where's my tractor?
Redditors can’t take a joke.
Finding a place to put the wheelchairs.
Fart
Kia Kia Kia
Deer Nuts. Beer Nuts are $1.49, while Deer nuts are under a Buck!
The swallow. 
A Hippo is heavy and a Zippo is a little lighter.
But Kuwait, there's more!
A Hipaacrite
Tony
He got AIIIIIDS.
Give him a tampon and ask what period its from. 
The airline didn't allow carrion luggage.
They don't like getting sand in their crack.
I hear it's the prequel to Maroon 5.
The drunk driver goes through the stop sign, while the high driver waits for it to turn green.
Troll husband : It kinda is, ill adjust the AC.
Dave promptly burst into tears as not everyone in the world knew Dave.
Makkah-roni and cheese!
G- Pretty well, Do you want me to walk you back? B- walk me back? G- to the friendzone you just tried to escape.
Their ankles
Because it has a little Seoul in it.
Boba Fat
Damn it.
So the can finally have a good Olympic team.
Easy! Just add Root beer and Ice Cream!
No harem, no fowl.
It took the bus.
He got caught by the organ
Copper Nitrate.
Cause Jewish women won't touch anything that's not 10% off.
To beat the crowd
Nothing, he's Snowden. 
Because boob jobs are cheaper down under.
"YUUUUUGEE"
Hay,I thought you knew horses couldn't speak!
Pay attention! I'm only going to show this once.
To get to the other side.
We gotta hold this shit together. 
The answer may shock you.
It's because it has chickpea in it.
Synthia Lmao
Driver pulls out his mirror and says: "Yes, it's me".
The Cowboys
A Quebrolet.
A frothel
poop.
A runner in scoring position.
He joins AARP
no one knows it was too dark to see them.
They found him dead the next day in his teepee 
Bare Grylls
It's like butter, baby.
To get to your house... Knock, knock. Who's there? The chicken.
I drew drew
A snowfake I thought it was appropriate for this time of year. Merry Christmas reddit! You have my permission to tell this at any Xmas parties you attend
A snailor
He took a forrest dump.
a play on warts
One, or two? One, or two? 
Mick: I wish I were Incredibly wealthy!   Genie: You were incredibly wealthy. Mick: No you imbecile, I wish I WAS RICH   Genie: You are Rich Rich: Well that backfired but... Genie: ...but a deal is a deal and you promised to use your third wish to set me fre.. Rich: I WISH GENIE WAS HUMAN!
A school bus full of black people driving off a cliff
Patty
Business acumen
Earth wind and fire
To get to the other side... Is it funny now?
An algo-rhythm 
Oartism
Plagiarism
ME: There isn’t a drive through in town  WIFE: There is now
Snotzis.
Two. One guy to screw in the light bulb, and the other guy to shoot him if he doesn't do it right.
He was having a midlife crisis.
It's okay, he woke up.
Ghandi Floss!
mitosis.
When it turns into a driveway.
The outside.
When you see really nice ones, you have to ask if they are real or fake 
Burning rubber
There is no cod
A philosophy student asks you   you want fries with that
Everywhere. 
Its a part Tide
Quack cocaine
With a Sandy Hook
They're blowing up everyone's newsfeed
It was a Thai.
A thot.
Neither. I have a friend who works in computers.
Because guitars make music.
The dog has the mental fortitude to realize he's just gotten owned by a Russian.
Let's see those Naboobies.
Jupiter
Beef jerky What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
FeO
He felt his presents.
Namastè (nah-ima-stay)
Which side of the gas chamber they're on.
A pine clone
Lucas gets indicted after video surfaces of him tampering with previous decisions he made.
So he can 'ho ho ho'!
One goes "ribbit ribbit", the other goes "rub it rub it".
I wouldn't pay £50 to have a lentil on my face... 
Children don't throw tantrums when there's a rerun of some content.
Two. One to take out the bulb and drop it, and the other to try and sell it before it crashes.
None. That's a hardware problem.
Wipe it off and apologise
An astronaut.
Pay for the pizza!
It doesn't want anyone to find The Cure. 
Square Root.  Anything it is applied to becomes radicalized. 
Because after the first kill, they have to tell someone.
With dental floss.
Give it ten tickles
Because they can't make a fist.
They're all Renaissance Italian artists. 
A stick.
A bicyclist
Wing it. 
Whenever you go out to eat they always have the bill. 
I don't know Anne Frankly I don't care.
Your research funding suspended and a severe reprimand from the ethics committee.
How they process things.
They are always taking off.
Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't 10% off.
An air mattress.
m'ladium
The buuttt-lerrr!
Nark Nark
See if she'll perform black magic.
On the range
Because they were super horny.
(Interrupting the whos there) Penny!
He was lucky it was a soft drink
Its called the greyscale
It only takes one nail to hang up the picture.  
He uses the best ingredients. 
You have to chew before you swallow!
Because he can't even get arrested in Hollywood.
Everyone can roast beef, but no one can pea soup.
I would tell you.... But I don't compare apples to oranges.
Where you left it
Christian Bale. 
Clickbait.
One year, Santa was having a bad time. The reindeer were on strike, they were running short on coal for the bad kids, and the elves had to recall 40% of their toys due to manufacturing defects. He was fed up. He made a general announcement to the North Pole. "I'm going home for 2 hours" he stated over the intercom. "I'm going to take my boots off, put my feet up in front of the fire, and sip eggnog. I expect NO interruptions for the next two hours." He then stomped off to do exactly that. He had just settled in and was starting to relax, when he heard a knock on his door. Stomping to the door, Santa flung open the door and yelled "What do YOU want?!?" An angel was standing there, holding a pine tree. The angel asked "Where would you like me to put your Christmas tree?"
Kill yourself.  Or, y'know, stand at atTENTion. 
Pregame.
As mushroom as possible
Black lives matter.
The winner gets $3 a year for a million years."
This one’s my absolute favorite because it’s so true (I know cause I’m Iranian): An Iranian man walks into a bank New York City and asks for the loan officer. He says he’s going to Europe on business for two weeks and needs to borrow $5000. The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for the loan, so the Iranian hands over the keys to a new Rolls Royce, which costs quarter of a million dollars. “The car is parked on the street in front of the bank,” says the Iranian, “and I have all the necessary papers.” The bank officer agrees to accept the car as collateral for the loan. After the Iranian leaves, the loan officer, the bank’s president and all their colleagues enjoy a good laugh at the man for using a $250,000 Rolls Royce as collateral against a $5,000 loan. One of the employees drives the Rolls into the bank’s underground garage and parks it there. Two weeks later, the Iranian man returns, repays the $5000 and the interest, which comes to $15.41. The loan officer says, “Sir, I must tell you, we’re all a little puzzled. While you were away, we checked you out and discovered that you’re a multimillionaire. Why would you bother to borrow $5,000?” The man replies, “Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41?”
"Carmen. Well, actually, my name is Laura, but since I like cars and men so much...Car-men. What is yours?" "Beerpussy"
Because their knee grows.
Is it because it's a joke by itself or what.
He flushed. 
You don't??? We should have lunch sometime!
"You're dead to me"
A meaty whore.
Patient: Yes doctor, how do you know? Doctor: Because you came in through the window instead of the door.
Because....there is no spoon.
It was counter productive.
An impeach.
Put a scratch and sniff at the bottom of a swimming pool.
Ex-Benedict. 
A flat.
Coke addicts.
They're always rebooting. 
Because of the tele-ban.
What did the elephant say when it was pulled out of a pit by the Balls?  Thank you Mr. and Mrs. Ball!
A brick.
Two Girls were sitting at a club. One was ugly and the another one was beautiful. Dave walked straight to the ugly girl. Dave: Hello! Ugly girl: Hi!! Dave: Wanna dance? Ugly Girl: Yes (excited) Dave: OK, Go and dance. I wanna talk to your friend.
They both come out of little boys rooms with empty sacks.
Mustard in a rollerskate
Because it's Lit!
Linoleum Blownapart
Neither did she.
Copypasta
One leg is both the same.
It's time consuming. 
Because the land never waves back 
if You had 100 periods a second you would vibrate too.
Then you better go catch it!
I wasn't talking to you.
Pasture bedtime.
Look, we can change the lightbulb. That I will tell you. We're changing it, ok? And I understand what you're saying, I hear it all the time. People call me and say "Is the lightbulb really dead?". Thats what they are asking me, its unbelievable. The lightbulb is in big trouble, that I can tell you. But we are going to change it. 
"Nice belt."
Absolute zero, because it's impossible to reach 
"Yoda, are we still going the right way?" "Off course we are"
Jew-ish.
A raceist 
A paraplegic
You find a Safeway to Target
Because there's no L. 
We're unsure, but he has a nose for it. 
They both literally can't even
The only improvement you can make is getting undressed. 
Because Dec 25 = Oct 31
A trifle!
The Holocaust.
Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!
Well if he paints one of his bedroom walls red with some yellow stars or a hammer and sickle, that's a huge red flag.
Autobots Roll Out!
It's white and it's on their land.
She forgot to wear a seatbelt. 
"The real joke is always in the comments!"
He was far out man. -_-
onejina
Always tip your server.
They've only gotta invite one family
A drone
Because: Camilla Parker Bowles.
The remaining 4 letters are still waiting for their turn. 
They couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
Because they are all Targets.
None 'cause it's already lit, fam. 
Mr.President
Because I've "reddit" before
Its easy to break the little light inside them.
Nails in their hands and feet
One if nobody's looking.

Answer is 2. One to change the lightbulb while the other screams "REPOST"
Neither can finish a race.
Two pigs playing in the mud
A Dell
A bird watcher.
Three. One to hold the lightbulb and two to turn the ladder.
He was stuffed.
Because the they have an excuse to buy hose
A messed up system of karma
I've never had a garbanzo pea on my face.
Never mind, it’s tearable.
A FEline.
Qui-Gon Gin.
Why are you shaking? She's gonna eat me.
Ray Lewis
He de-deuces.
Snoop Dogg.
Biden: I hid them from Trump because he won't need them. He already has his own Obama: Oh really? How do you know? Biden: Seriously, I'm not lying. Trust me, he has his own Pence
"Nurse, let me take a Pikachu."
It's really nummy.
Because Christ Brown always beats her
Spartify
A Microwave.
They are always bringing up old shit
I asked him and he said, "I still love vista, baby!"
They keep Lenin to the left, and Stalin.
With a Jingle Bell Block How do you tell time on Christmas? With a jingle bell clock Where do you keep your boat on Christmas? A jingle bell dock What do you call a lot of birds on Christmas? A jingle bell flock What's the best gun for Christmas? A jingle bell Glock What's a sporty Christmas lover? A jingle bell jock How do you tell someone you're at their door? Jingle bell knock How do you keep your stuff safe on Christmas? A jingle bell lock How do you make fun of someone on Christmas? A jingle bell mock What do you wear under your shoes on Christmas? A jingle bell sock Thank you, I'll be here all week.
A thief in the knight
Don't be silly, feminists can't change anything!
A whole chuck-load. 
Because there was a glass ceiling.
Pyfagoras
Have your mom sit down on a golf course.
Getting hit on by an ugly stranger.
-Because they cast Amy Schumer and Ken couldn't get the job done.
Because she had no arms 
CryptoN Only few will get this
One. She holds the bulb in the socket and waits for the world to revolve around her.
Because he was a fungi
To render the other side.
Philately will get you no where.
He becomes disoriental
The punch line.
Ash
"Top notch".
"Honesty." "I don't think honesty is a weakness." "Well I don't give a damn about what   think."
Cause I want to lay some pipe in you. 
Ones really heavy, and the other's a little lighter!
The 7th German Panzer Division
Because Jesus Christ (Cries)
Not enough. 
Because they use the Theory of Relativity to find a partner.
Israeli good.. 
A pot roast
There used to be exactly two, and now it's too offensive to talk about. 
Much like that one book, Old Yeller, it's pretty damn hard to put down.
And why does he paint so many pictures of my parents fighting?
aww-tistic 
Because he was Legolas.
Because its high jacking. 
Because they can only mandate.
Because he's dead.
we will bury him. 
Claustrophobic
No cocks allowed.
I don't know, they would probably die anyways.
Why did the detective go to the apartment complex? So he could solve the staircase. 
To get some quack
You ask him politely. 
He could not pass
Well now you have.
They prevented hispanic attacks
Because he doesn't like being followed.
On the left side there's nothing right and on the right side there's nothing left...
It's very time consuming. 
It's called divorced barbie. Comes with all of Kens stuff.
An asshole, for marrying the hot sister
Nun. 
Him: Is your dad a gardner? Her: (sarcastically) - Why, because you've never seen a flower like me? Him: No, I wondered if you trim your bush. 
Myth-conception
Why did the animal shelter relocate to Nebraska? So they could make corn dogs. 
Where’s pop corn? 
"Keep the tip."
He had Gaul stones.
Hebrews it.
A constipatient
Malnourished.
Karma & Greg
Santa goes down the chimney.
... Because they got big fingers.  
They don't C#.
None, he lets the knives do the work 
they were looking for Klingons
A lion. Get it guys lol? Lion ~ Lying   I'll pounce myself out now...
He wanted to transcend dental medication
Parma Jean 
Times Niurou Mian  (Niurou Mian = beef noodles in Chinese)
Nah, it's just a phase. Credit to   for the entire premise, I just reworded it.
Because he's  .
Washed up.
They get free two-day shipping.
Doctor: Yes you can, but there are more comfortable places.
None. They just beat the room, because it's black.
Because every time they get to 69, Miss Piggy gets a frog in her throat.
It would've just been "mas".
Like that.
A Catholitic Converter 
When Islam begins.
Pardon me
They can't. There's a wall.
They're both made of plastic, and little kids turn them on.
Put it through the Wash.
Talibanter
Tickle the goat under it's chin.
An ambulance. 
Chips, one byte at a time
I came, I upvoted, I reposted.
Give her a testicle.
When the joke is fully groan.
A: To get to the second hand shop.
"You're alt right, You're alt right, You're alt right"
My name is Paul.
Because Seven was a registered six offender.
They have a hard time opening up
Q: What do computers eat for a snack?  A: Microchips!
because it's still raw you donkey.
JOKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
When it leaves you....
Disabled. 
Nobody died...
∫F dt bich
Natural selection.
Beat it. We’re closed.
I ship them
To stop getting confused as feminists
No lye?
Because of their bills
A: Yes. And she's Black.  —-------—-------—------— imo: best joke ever 
Yeah! I'm hoping I either get Kappa Kappa Gamma or Alpha Phi!
He is alright, but one sided!
A civil serpent 
well it wanted to get away from the vegetarians.
Lickalatapus
As mushroom as possible.
"Will the defendant please rise."
In a pear-less whisper. I'll see myself out.
None, they prefer to live in the dark. 
It was a terminal illness.
If not, you will soon!
Dear Sir/Ma'am,  We are cutting your internet connection due to the following reasons:
Edward Snowed-in
The T.H. sea
Throw some Titanium Chloride at him/her (TiCl) (Tickle)
Carbon, Oxygen, Nitrogen, Iron and Titanium (C,O,N,Fe,Ti)
Punchlines that got married and settled down.
A Belaruse!
a sourkraut
Someone pushed her 
He was impeached
Duh.  Cause he's da foe.
Place a penny between two Jews.
The prostitute can wash her crack and sell it again.
If it's pasturize
His life improved after he met the rock.
Their wheelchairs
Pilot.
Brazilian soccer players.
My ass.
Because she didn't want to wake the sleeping pills!
Because by the time women found a condom in their purses, kid would be 3 years old
You do all the work and the fat guy in the suit gets all the credit
Putin end to my life.
Because I would like to manage my mischief with you
Because Y so serious
Make up the other half of this pickup line in the comments. Edit Totally goofed it up in the title. Oh well, I had a few drinks last night and things happened. *Are your legs broken?
Now I've got to cut you.
SPEEEED!
Ask them what a 3Ds is.
Because Jesus couldn't find any wise men then  Edit: Made more clear
Because the land never waves back it...
Stroganoff 
Someone doing a half-assed job.
His punches Neverland.
He got hit by a car. He was playing On The Road Again.
Noels 
It's only whites.
A stick.
Telling your parents that you're gay.
A Coke-o-nut.
A jeweler sells watches and a jailer watches cells
An elephant with a wet boot 
Where you put the cucumber.
A shopping bag can carry a child.
Because their ring doesn't leave a tan line when they take it off!
A ripoff 
because his wife died.
Christina Ricci.
Quidditching
The thoooperintendent.
They easily get bent out of shape...
A stick
A joke. 
They are both bad at pulling out.
They both need to check the table periodically...
A rip off
Give the criminals badges.
The police came and took statements but ultimately Mrs. Claus declined to press charges. [OC]
To get to the other side
Woman: Yeah, sure! . Man: Great, go and dance, I want your Chair.
Morning wood.
How did you get his tiny little legs open?
Lincoln, because he is in a cent. 
No-Shit Sherlock
They have big fingers
Because they are really good at it
Because seven "ate" nine.
He had a Yeez-ynfection.
Just take some steps to avoid them!
Rando Calrissians
A bellybutton!
Because it's the scenter!
Close the door! I'm dressing!
They'll always have dry wood on hand to start a fire
Rrrrrrrr? You think it be R but it be sea
flip it upside down
His voice line becomes "It's high mooooon" 
Bison
Three professors are discussing whether it's better to have a wife or a mistress. The French professor insists it's better to have a mistress: "It's more exciting; your life is always passionate, full of romance!" The Philosophy professor disagrees:  "No, it's much better to have a wife.  Your love grows deep, you live with your best friend, and there are few unpleasant surprises." The Math professor listens to them for a while, then says, "Actually, if you ask me, it's best to have both." The other two gape at him in surprise.  " " "Well, of course!" he continues.  "That way, when your mistress thinks you're with your wife, and your wife thinks you're with your mistress, you can do mathematics."
"Fuck Starbucks! Amirite?!"
Because they are always a little behind
[THIS IS NOT A JOKE] I'm sure you all have heard the joke where   has a number for each joke and that everyone just remembers the numbers instead for typing out the jokes. This always made me think "What would joke #1 be?" What do you think it'd be?
Some one who likes Cold Play
One benefits from laughs and the other laughs at benefits
Pain specialists
A Kaiju.
Urethra Franklin 
Tea tea
Never 21
Because it was too chicken!
Timber
Boo's.
Aretha Franklins
I'll actually look for the Jack Daniels.
"Olive or twist?"
Liquor in the front, poker in the back.
It was just the two of them.
He likes to keep it Handy. * * * 'Stand' by for more body part puns.
Steel armour
The Roman Umpire.
If you were forced to have it as a kid, you'll hate it as an adult.
Don't be depressed
You get in the car and they already know your name and where you live.
Pout-ry farm.. 
"Jewish." But then you said, "Yes I do wish for that."  The salesman realizing how wrong he's been all his life replied, "Wow Jews can be funny." But then you said, "No, I take 'shoes' seriously. That's why I want those Crocs." The conversation went on for another 5 minutes because you had nothing better to do. Eventually you held up one of the shoes and asked the salesman, "Is this really authentic?"  The salesman went onto Reddit, read this joke, and said, "Yes, this is a real crock alright."
A grumpa. 
You have to go to bed early.
Undoing the straps on your roller blades 
"We're Finnished."
When he found out, Santa shouldn't have gotten mad, he only had his elf to blame. Now Santa won't forgive him until elf freezes over.
A blue slipper 
"I think we should see other peepholes."
Because it was stationary. 
"He did gnat see that coming"
"Let me be Claire."
A chicken
After 30 minutes of trying to decipher the text he gave up and exclaimed, "Man I am not good at this". Then someone shouted back "Huh, I thought black people were good at basketball."
Cause the seaweed
Because the prick's behind the wheel
Eyyyy, Garry, didn't know you turned into a hotdog stand too! Eyyyy!
They are sweeping the nation with it!
M'alady
Because he's got a lot of melon-in.
Jewbs
Ah Jew!
"Get in the car"
Because they can.
A fruitkike!
He stays awake at night wondering if there really is a dog.
Partners in crime
You don't, because cows don't have phones.
They always got him to raise the roof.
The Big Foreplay.
Toni
It helps you hide and Sikh.
He comes but once a year.
Adobe-wan Kenobi
The one smoking the cigarette.
The bikings.
Skinning the vegan.
This morning I used a discount card from my wallet, but it was no good. I only got 20% off.
"Don't worry, son; we Katz always land on our feet."
A rebell
Canadians like them both a lot eh?
lettuce turnip the beet
Depending what you're charged with can really effect how easily you're getting across.
Olive. EDIT: Please don't explain and let those suffer who don't understand
Hitler was elected.
See you next month.
Because everytime theres a Hoedown, they think one of their sisters got shot.
The Significant Others just want babies.
A stick!
It bit the end off a submarine and sucked out all the seamen 
A VegitAryan This has nothing to with the current political climate. I work with several vegetarians and we were talking about food today and it the joke just hit me.
A Chinese phone. Wing wing, hallo? 
Honestly, I think they're pretty tight!

My jokes go right over most people's head.
Throw it in water  If it sinks = girl ant  If it floats = buoyant 
Tsunami
konnichihuahua!
A dictator.
Because he takes it for granite.
Because it's white and settles on their land
There's a snape in the grass.
4 if you have a dog.
there's a clock on the stove
Arfson
It's a dead giveaway. 
Satisfaction
They were afraid of Stalin'
This morning I used a discount card from my wallet, but it was no good. I only got 20% off.....!!
They keep making 6-pointers.
Because your face looks flushed.
Denim-denim-denim...         denim-denim-denim.
Gobi yourself
Last I heard, they were really taking off.
I named him Justin... Justin Case
They are both controlled by little green men.
A plane bagel. 
They shut down because they had a toxic atmosphere 
He had a reptile dysfunction.
One has standards.
With a  culator
I'm one in a million. ;D
Because they always take a fence
It drove up a lane and turned into a field!
Sharts. 
Cause all I heard from your Hospital Room was "HO HO HO"
She takes contraceptives.
He was outstanding in his field.
Avengers Assemble.
There are no experienced ones
Incorrectly. I'll see myself out.
He had to go to the dentist for serious plaque buildup!
Meow Zedong
A cold wall banker.
Peaking duck!
It said: two eggs I said: Oh strange! It said: what's strange? the fact that I lay two eggs? I said: no, the fact that you talk
Terrible!
The drummer is drooling equally out of both sides of his mouth.
The bond market crashed.
They ribbit
Hebrews it
Sparky
A Veteran Aryan Veterinarian!
Fern-iture
Because you're on fire right now.
Om-lit
They're making headlines.
Because without them, they'd just be cauc.
He was more of an Ubermensch.
In the L Ron cupboard.
HAmAr + SiCl
Ground beef
That's right, a black eye and my hatred.
by Willie Makit, illustrated by Betty Wont and published by Andy Dint
Because a wizard is never late, nor is he early, he arrives precisely when he means to.
Saggitaurus.
The wheel chair 
He fingered a minor.
The alpha ale.
It was occupied.
Because I'd like to show you menards.
because she couldn't control her pupils 
They use a sea lion.
A cruise
So... Can I come inside?
Osteoferocious!
A Timbyte
Through sine language.
Through sine language.
Funny how nature do dat
TZZZZAT, TZZZZZZZAT! 
To render the other side.
Paper tits.
Both are great things ruined by periods
Because he's a pervert that likes showing people his snowballs.
Having tits, and no girlfriend.
A ripoff.
I mean... what part of Chief Editing Officer don't these people understand?
he did nazi that well
AI (Artificial Intelligence)
You get some Kurds in the way.
Shake n bake
You give the pen to michel j fox
Open your bible to Psalm BODY ONCE TOLD ME
Cumin Beans
Everyone misses Harambe. 
because Ken always came in another box. 
Decalfeinated
Torque
Their age.
My girlfriend
Dans un bon-apartement.
High Five
Timing
A WWI soldier has a reason for shooting himself in the foot.
My dad didn't meet my mom at a circus or take me their when I turned 5
A baked potato
Their job is to make things whiter.
Lady: Do you smoke? Man: Yes. Lady: How many packs? Man: 3 packs daily. Lady: How much is per pack for your brand? Man: $ 8 a pack. Lady: And how long have you been smoking? Man: Almost 18 years. Lady: So one pack costs $ 8 and you have 3 packs a day which puts your spending each month at $ 720. In one year, it would be $ 8640. Correct? Man: Correct. Lady: If in 1 year you spend $ 8640, you collectively spent $ 155,520. Correct? Man: Correct. Lady: Do you know that if you hadn't smoked, that money could have been put in a step-up interest savings account and after accounting for compound interest for the past 18 years, you could have now bought a Ferrari? Man: Do you smoke? Lady: No. Man: Where's your freaking Ferrari then? Lady: Parked right down the street .
When one appears. 
SKU me
The democrats just left a bad taste in her mouth
Upvote pictures 
Jesus died on the cross
Breasts don't have eyes.
It over swept
He can't drive 55.
The Imperial March
Coma, Coma, Coma, Coma, Coma, Chameleon
Because it lasts forever. 
Lukewarm.
A neck-romancer
Won ton
One wears pants and a collar while the other wears a collar and pants.
Yes, Harry, he is. 
You get repercussions 
Amble in (Anne Boyeyn) I made this joke up and am very proud of it :)
No, he just whips it out.
They Munch on some Flesh Mint!
Nothing, they were both stuck up cunts.
Toulouse
Because they bred.
Yes, I'm adamant
The pro bono ones 
"Any-cock'll-doooooo!"
Subwhey.
A redditor
Because he played with fire before it was cool.
An oxymoron.
It was pretty  !
I wouldn't pay $300 to have a garbanzo bean in my mouth
That they are full of poo-tential. 
Tennish
Clouds, because once they are gone it's a beautiful day.
Q: How come legacy programmers get Halloween and Christmas confused?  A: Because Oct 31 = Dec 25 (Octal 31 = Decimal 25)
He couldn't HEIL a cab.
Naomi Watts.
Neither did I.
His heart wasn't in it.
Because he khan.
"I still find you dashing"
They pump kin.
"Take me to your lieder!"
None. There are no fish under my new gazebo
Torque
The marathon runner can successfully finish a race 
Heairs.
Both have panties half-off. 
Well, the flag's a big plus
He told them he would be "fourthreich" and they misheard.
I just want to belong
They both hate globalists.
Not counting the bombs strapped to their chests, I have no clue.
Lucky
Gotham City.
You get milk.
Angus McCoatup 
A field of corn.
Because they lactose.
"See you next month"
Overtime.
Sooner or later they find a potent cousin.
It's sweeping the nation
6  3 to change the bulb, 2 to explain why men have always done it wrong and 1 on her period.
sqwerty
virgin
Thirdperson.
I'm asking for an imaginary friend.
It got sick of hearing the vegan talk about how he saved a chicken.
Harambe tried to save the kids. 
To get his quarterback. 
In a communest (pls     
He didn't even finish grad school.
The bludgeoned face of a bi racial man in 2017 america.
Scientist2: NaBrO
A chip monk. 
Because he has wee legs
I've heard it's pretty lit.
A little over 6 books.
Nothing. They're both crustacians.
The pickpocket snatches watches...
It goes back four seconds.
After five years, your job will still suck.
9/11 victims. They got through over 40 stories in seconds. 
In an explosion.
A small medium at large.
A voice.
. . . . He saw his gas bill.
The Brains of Castamere. 
He had a blast.
When it's circumcised
"Fuck you" (They were arch enemies)
With Frodough.
In the big inning. Eve stole first, Adam stole second. Cain struck out Abel. The Giants and the Angels were rained out.
They're always plotting against it. 
An excavator. And why? Because it only got one arm.
She was a nein out of ten
You take the 'F' out of free and the 'F' out of way. Hint: say everything out loud.
Pollygone
The higher they are, the more spaced out they get
His wheelchair.
He has  .
A+ because it's the highes you can get in a blood test.
A treaty.
The rasit!
To run their hands through their hair
For planning high trees, son.
A grandson and a grandpa lived together by themselves. One day, the grandson sees his grandpa smoking a cig. Grandson asks, "Hey papaw, can I take a drag off of that?" The grandpa says, "Can your dick touch your ass?" The grandson says no, and grandpa sends him on his way.  The next day, his grandpa is drinking a beer. Grandson asks his grandpa the same question, "Hey can I have a drink of that?" Grandpa says, "Can your dick touch your ass?" Once again the boy says no, and grandpa scolds him off.  Later that day, the grandson was eating a chocolate bar. Grandpa asks if he can have a bite of his chocolate bar, so the grandson says "Can your dick touch your ass?" Grandpa proudly says yes. So his grandson replies "Then go fuck your self."
A lot. There were 3 movies. 
Cause ketchup accidentally broke the condiment.
A wheezing angle.
"Yeah, I caught a Pikachu!" "Listen you son-of-a-bitch.  You didn't see ANYTHING, got it?!  These hands only hold papers, NOT pens!"
Darth Deciduous
Jack Daniels is still killing American Indians
Not being retarded
Ash
A pizza joint
Call 911, it doesn't matter who answers
Because the government cuts corners.
Because 7 ate 9
The refrigerator does not fart when Joe pulls his meat out.
Me. I'm pretty clumsy so I get paper cuts pretty regularly.
Because she was too small for D shells. 
A YAAAARRRRGGGG!!  Oh look a door.
Depresso.
The husband.
Hungry.
His cousin with the DVD player
Daisy me rollin. They hatin. Patrollin and tryna catch me ridin dirty. 
A woman
Huh, yeah me either. 
Eliphino
[deleted]
Sitcoms
Circumcision.
Ten-ticles!!!
A copy of everything Michelle Obama had on her list
Anything you like, what are they going to do about it?
"You gotta Mufasa"
Minnesota.
Because it keeps Peein' n peein' 
It wears an aqua-fur.
Hulk ash!
There, their, they're...
I have sex daily 
The black man is black from the beginning.
Two, and often from the same person.
Martin. We all know Martin Luther King.
A Communist
Nothing.  They haven't met yet.
A shitty-sore-ass.
They're alt-right, alt-right, alt-right.
Green paint. Haha
White people actually go to school. Black people stay home and shoot people in their own neighborhood.
Smashed potatoes. 
A peacunt
One has a pause at the end of it's clause, the other has claws at the end of it's paws.
CucumBARS. 
A small child paralyzed from the waist up.
Only 1 in 52 Fridays are black.
A tire.
I turned the TV off 4 hours into it and I'd really like to watch the start of the Lions game before I goto bed.
Vladimir Puttin'
One can shoot but can't hit and the other one can hoot but can't shit.
The taste.
Steven Hawking with a brake failure!
A deport-a-potty.
A receding hareline.
A gobblin. I'll see myself out...
A plain bagel.
When she clearly loves fucking a whole country at once with the world watching. 
Command Alt Right.
Hubble, hubble, hubble [shamelessly stolen joke from the Facebook page of "Grammarly"]
One shucks between fits...
Their only hit was Don't Stop Bereaving.
No, not "breathe, you idiot!". It said nothing. It just let out a little   grape juice
A-social media
Isfaek.
Because they don't like Turkey
If so, chances are you haven't had Mexican food before. 
I've never been inside a Porsche. Nor do I have 12 Porsches in my garage. 
A Rolls-Royce.
Tell her about how much better at sex her fit friends are! 
You can't fire me! I snappopcrackleaaaaaargh!!!!
They always punch up the fuckline.
"Where's baghdad?"
One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean!
Because you're a jerk. 
With a mop.
You stick a piece of bread on the ceiling.
He's getting really fed up with it.
Purples
God save the kin Happy Thanksgiving!
Nothing they are both Thor.
The golfer goes   "Shit!" The Sky-diver goes "Shit!" 
Friend: 9 Me: 9? I'll give her one.. 
Keeping a straight face
Because nine ate seven
Treason
Alkaline
One baby nailed to 10 trees...
There used to be two of them, now it's offensive to talk about.
A prostitute can wash her crack and sell it again.
Gender fluid.
God dogs
A Pokémon.
Pitt Sweat
Harpoon
I don't know, I don't have 2020 vision.
The wheelchair...
They're mostly Dum Dums. 
Trump is. 
There used to be two of them, but now it's too offensive to talk about.
Danksgiving.
A Yambourghini!
BOObees! 
Neither. France surrenders and Italy switches sides.
Synonym rolls. 
Motherzucker
Gonna take a while to get me hard, I just got laid by a chick. 
None of them. Historians suggest that most pirates would have been illiterate. 
Because I want to put my dirty load in you
Vaginasaurass 
No? That's because it hadn't come out yet.
Because blacks always get a longer sentence 
It had new windows Putin
About the cannibal that dumped his girlfriend?...
Bi  den! 
Sia , Later!
Middle school. 
A blackmailer.  I'll show myself out :(.
I'm really sodie pop. 
Windows
When your toothbrush stops working mid brushing
Konichihuahua
I'll tell you tomorrow.
Because they'll just tell the crowd that the real joke's in the comments.
A M'alady.
Blonds will split hairs over this. Imagine that.. vibrating hair. 
They found her Head & Shoulders under the steering wheel!
In hiney-sight.
Velcro
They haven't any gigs yet!
SUPPLIES!
Not sure, but that is definitely the smell of burning flesh. 
In little knotsies....
I don't know, but I wanna try eating ass!
They both make pop tarts.
Bummer, I was trying to give that booty a call... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
He asks his dad, "Pop, why can't I go out in the street and play football and baseball like the other kids?" And his father says, "Keep dealing."
Ra'men.
Sex interrupted with a period! 
Because they're paid to.

chess nuts boasting in an open foyer
I'm ok with a 5km but really don't like 10km.
Duck tape!
God doesn't walk around thinking he's a doctor.
Because they've always got a stiff in the trunk.
Their hips.
Rare.
Tri-tip.
She starts to fit into your wife's clothes.
A synonym roll 
For drizzle.
Trick question.  Nobody invites feminists to a cookout.
Pink eye
Hey guys so since couple of weeks I think that my girlfriend is cheating on me. So last night I followed her. She took a cab I took my car and followed her till the cab stopped in front of one nice house. I went beside my car and crouched. She went out and there was this sport dressed bastard which hugged her and they started to kiss... While crouching I saw oil leaking from my car. Do you think this is coming from the filter or from the engine? Thanks 
A condescending con descending.
All white, all white, all white.
Persona non grotto
Deer balls,  They're under a buck!
Maybe he wouldn’t have been so grumpy if people hadn’t left him hanging for high-fives all the time
Because   it would 
Forget it once.
At the meat ball.
He got the sack
Heh, disguised toast. 
A marine biologist.
A: No, you should just have the turkey!
Plymouth Rock
They think on a whole different dimension.
Because someone's always on the deck!
"Yes, no, yes, no, yes..."
Buckle Buckle

Kicked out of the petting zoo.
The p is silent.
"He's a fun guy."
Whore-moans!
Student - Well, I don't know. I guess one is a bit too high?
1forrest1
It's too square.
SIDS
They wrestled over it. Neil had the stronger arm.
Because if someone hit your peter with a pan, you'd fly too!!
A piece of ass that will bring a tear to your eye
Its missing a fatherboard.
Maple flakes From my well intentioned girlfriend
I heard it can seat 10
cuz i knead you
Gloves. Just kidding he couldn't open it to find out 
Put a little boogie in it.
Legs.  Spread the word.
When I rant as much as that people boo me too.
Because asteroids was already taken.
They're all girls on fire. 
15511210043330985984000000.
By craic-ing his knuckles.
Nobody can   a jolly-good fellow!
You're getting on my wick.
Because it was the Finnish line.
Because OJ will kill you!
The electoral college in 2016.
It's sure as hell not a bar-mitzvah, those things are expensive.
Because m = AIt
The Juan that got away. 
One was a cunning runt.
Because the steaks had never been higher. 
All the cotton on her tampon has been picked off.
Boil the hell out of it.
To switch sides
Damn.
Mountains peak.
The other side, of the fence
It's not hard
It didn't know the fatal nature of interfering with mankind's powerful mechanisms which are  used to subdue and control this harsh unforgiving reality. 
A philosopher. Cuz he's a deep thinker.
Because the grass tickles their balls when they run EDIT: I don't know why I decided to post this..
Shedding season
He touched the beaker before it was cool.
Don't Look Now But Something Between Us Smells
a tournament
Artificial Intelligence.
A Radish
Lemonworth
1st he gets nice and wet, then he dies of drowning
Flip it over
2:  One to screw in the bulb, and one to hold the penis... LADDER, I MEAN LADDER!
Hang ten.
A brick.
None. It's already lit fam.
It got stuck in a crack.
gynecologist - because in the hole that the whole world is looking for pleasure, he's looking for problems. 
Every scene was really in tents.
Because they break glasses and protect their pockets
A: Pretty hot
He got ​Every Juan praying!
Because he Neverlands
Mount Rushmore.
Because it didn't concentrate.
Chicken poodle soup...I know, I know booooo
He was kneading a poo.
D-Bone steak
He seems alt-right!
Yeah, me neither...
They gave him the cold shoulder.
There used to be two, now it's offensive to talk about.
[removed]
Hilter didn't make unoriginal jokes about finishing races.
Leaf me alone.
Because he was outstanding in the field.
It depends
Thera-peas
Neither have they.
He doesnt like carrying around trump change.
He bombed.
Window.
Cross Country.
It’s got two banks.
Your job still sucks.
They're very anal about it.
2:flirty
A natural log.
first i bang the drums then i bang ur mom
You slay me!
I'm lactose intolerant.
A Synonym Roll.
The orange man.
Wow, this blew up!
The left ear, the right ear and the Final Front-ear.
Her tits aren't nice
You boil the hell out of it.
Because it was deep space . (the joke is how the outer space was very deep)
Because they've got the same color trunks.
Toad
With his Parceltongue. (...I'll see myself out)
Scallops!
Megasaurass
Have the 51st scream BINGO!
808s & Taxbreaks
She was nun the wiser 
Smoke.
It comes in handy.
I didn't come, she didn't come, baby come. How come? 
Because there is too much snow to wear shoes.
One of its legs is both the same.
Gas Who?
On the second page of google.
They both moust go down in emergency.
Roberto 
It might take me a while to get hard, I just got laid this morning. 
The Somali chicken! 
Sir cumference
Them: No. You: It's a really good hiding spot isn't it.....
Female, because it doesn't let you finish a sentence before making a suggestion.
Hello, bud.
Because he's a Fe male
Because the banker starts with all the money and never gives it away.
Because they can't stop shooting themselves in the foot.
You're my breast friend! Badum-Tits!
his-panic room.
A leaf blower 
Elon Musk
An amputea
He was told it was a shingles club.
Prime Rib
Dear Sir/Ma'am We are cutting your internet connection due to the following reasons:
Discus.
Authorities believe it had a loco motive.
When your toothbrush stops working mid toothbrushing
There are too many Links. 
One's in a cult, the other seeks to summon a terrible god to Earth and be eaten.
Because I'm going to tape my penis to your head so you can CDs nuts.
Watching them break down on the witness stand.
The wheelchair
Put them in a circular room and tell them to find the corner
Alt-right, alt-right, alt-right
The phrase “I went through a whole box of tissues watching that film.” is a good place to start.
Spare ribs.
Their last greatest hits were "the wall".
It's Morphine Time!
They rake them into big piles, put them into plastic yard bags, and then toss them over the Mexican border for being brown.
Making Internal Organs Great Again.
What did the computer Engineer say when he saw his favorite drink? ICT
Humans' ability to classify living organisms.
In the mainstream
Gherkin off
Because I wore the wrong socks today   
Thumpthumper
Cross dressing.
Alt-right  alt-right  alt-right. 
HOLY SH*T A TALKING COW!
It used to be cross country but now it's rock climbing.
Turns out it was a red Hering! 
It already had 10 thousand degrees. 
One was always left behind causing the other to half-ass everything 
Getting the news from your dentist
You tell me.
None. They'll just beat the room for being black
"dad,  why do the sharks swim in circles like that before they eat someone?" "it makes them taste better, son." "taste better? How? " "it scares the shit out of them."
They can't guard their towers.
Justified. (NB Sincerely hoping that this is actually original)
The white guy might actually be guilty.   (Stolen from a comment by  )
A Beef
Hi Jack!
Because Rome wasn't built in a bay.
Yeah! He had a 4-stroke!
Why do neutrons shoot through dense material, but get reflected by softer material during Radiography? Have always been curious of this.
Vacuums 
Asbestos they can. 
In an orgy, you fuck and then get tested. In a final exam, you get tested and then you're fucked.
Cuatro Sinko 
He was always declining cards
A Dimitree.
Once it's wet, it's time to go inside!
To get to the other side.
Man: Yes, and how did you know my name was Phones?
It was happy hour.
A non-prophet organization.
He was kinda flakey 
White Vans.
Sneakers.
How do you know if a blonde has been using your computer? When there's white-out all over the screen
Because the air is full of car-bone. 
Babycorn
Because they can turn any animal into a vegetable!
It changes your blood type.
You don't live in Mississippi.
None, they enlighten themselves.
I have no ideer.
A grandmartial artist.  I apologise for any lost brain cells. 
It was a work of friction.
A cucumber.
Poopies.
It's tough to drink, but will go down with a bit of force.
A Cat-illac
He had an antonym.
Because he has no proper tea! Hehehhehahahahhhehveahhs
Getting past the wheelchair.
Don't blow it 
Use a blender to get it in, use tortilla chips to get it out!
They both tend to suck more the more strung-out they get.
No one else wanted to be in a "shit in"
It's called "Nothin' Like A Good Nut!"
On second thought, I can't tell it. It's too edgy
Where she puts the cucumber..
They both lose efficiency as soon as you open windows.
They both blew it.
A rip off.
With a broom and a dustpan.
Wrap music
Because they have little anty-bodies.
You only need one nail to hang up the picture.
Or is it just me?
Nothing, he isn't even in voice chat
Juan v Juan
He force quit. 
NaHBrO  Man I was hoping that would get a good reaction ONaNA, what's my name? HeHe, that joke was terrible.
Genocider
Cross country
"It's like with a woman - No means Yes."
Because it doesn't make a whole lot of difference if you're sitting at the back of the oven.   Edit: Grammar
Below knee
It would make for a good punchline, wooden tit?
Gas pipes.
When the Mexicans get car insurance.
Nah, it's just this one euro peein' that's getting me down...
When I shift into third without using the clutch. 
Reaching around the front and pretending your dick went all the way through.
Last one they threw into the cooking pot ate all of the potatoes.
Conundrums! 
An algorithm.
Bed Bath and the Great Beyond
He wants to grab them by Debussy.
It was an explosive success
I can clearly see ur nuts.
Because she was in the shower and didn't hear him because the elephant stump was on full blast.
They both have problems with delivery.
The trumpet...
Biden...
Veni Vidi Veni
-So he could roll down the window when it gets too hot. How we joke in Kurdistan 
Turns out she was a quack whore.
One's a Swedish Phish and the other's a fetus swish
"Full speed ahead!"
They're fucking assholes. 
Hello, what a day. How are you feeling today? What does the serial killer doctor say?  Hello, what a day! How are you feeling today?
America.
So her knuckles don't drag.
I just need to get fundead.
Because they all wore mittens.
A spud muffin.
One? Or two?
A filosopher. 
1 for 2008, 1 for 2016
You must seize her by her means of reproduction! 
It is when the blind try to read your face
c.f.   #789
It was his own Strange Brew.  You would be Moranic not to like it.
A fridge doesn't fart when you pull your meat out.
A rolling cock-block
Stephen Hawkings after a house fire.  
Don't bother. That shit's worth 29 points. 
Those were two separate measurements.
#relationshipgulls
He drowned them in the morning.
An RPG
I say-I say, you get cum in your mouth
If she can give you oral with a dip in and know which to swallow and which to spit.
"Your holiness"
Fucking hypocrites!
On a survey for 'which conditioner you use?' 99% of the womens said 'aaahhhhhh.....get out of my shower!!!!'
Kick his sister in the jaw.
Sometimes one side of the V is longer than the other - do you know why? -"No, why's that? " -More geese.
Brownian Motion
Kill his family.
E.I. G.I Joe.
Sofa.
Swedish
a Tippihedron
9 months
Al-redi-reddi-tt.
Why, wouldn't the winter be over by the time they reach, if they walk all the way along? So they fly.
Science flies you to the moon. Religion flies you into buildings 
Ohio.
I don't need a lightbulb when I have the furnace ready.
Trump change
They say it was force of habit.
A double Manhattan on the rocks.
Jack Daniels is still killing Indians.
Because I live across the street from a KFC.
Do you even Lyft, bro?
I'm not coming into work today
Donald Tr- WRONG!
They exchanged loads 
Because, time will always tell.
Gee, u knit?
He wasn't a charitable guy
Paradise.
She's only wearing one sock.
He had carpool tunnel
J-lo Cloths
Because the land does not wave back. 
I don't know nobody has ever made it across.
He was just as fast as the others in the flock, but he couldn't stop.
"It's a phenomena (do doo do doodoo)"
Donald, Duck!
Because it's easier than running from Law Enforcement.
They don't know where home is. 
Triggernometry.
Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton? Does Donald Trump get the media? No. He still wins. When reading thing about the SNL skit, about Chicago super fans and Mike Ditka
Because chickens didn't exist yet.
Because figuratively breaking the country apart isn't enough. 
There was a face off in the corner
Beats me
Tequila
An R key.
You can't play football with the remote.
Son : No, what happened ? Dad : It is ok he woke up.
Excuse me, can I push in your stool?
A: Conservation of momentum.
Because they made The Wall.
With a pair of Caesars...
Two clean fingers.
Skip it.
When its ajar
Twerky
Bristoles!
Hey don't call black peoples chicken you jerk.
I asked him and he said, "I still love Vista baby".
Student 1: A machine is anything that reduces human effort Teacher: Will you please elaborate? Student 1: Anything that simplifies work, or saves time, is a machine Teacher: What is the true definition? Student 2: Sir, machines are any combination of bodies so connected that their relative motions are constrained and by which means, force and motion may be transmitted and modified as a screw and it's nut, or a lever arranged to turn about a fulcrum, or a pulley about it's pivot, etc, especially a construction more or less complex consisting of a combination of moving parts, or simple mechanical elements, as wheels, levers, cams, etc. Teacher: Wonderful! Perfect, please sit down. Student 1: But sir, I said the same thing, in simple language Teacher: If you prefer simple language, join an Arts and Commerce college Student 1: But sir, what's the point of blindly cramming a definition from the book? Teacher: That's enough, get out! Student 1: *Proceeds to walk out, then walks back Teacher: Why are you back? Student 1: I forgot something Teacher: What is it? Student 1: Instruments that record, analyze, summarize, organize, debate, and explain information; that are illustrated, non-illustrated, hard-bound, paperback, jacketed, non-jacketed, with foreword, introduction, table of contents, index that are intended for the enlightenment, understanding, enrichment, enhancement and education of the human brain through the sensory route of vision, sometimes touch. Teacher: What in the world are you talking about? Student 1: Books, sir, I forgot them, may I go ahead? Teacher: Couldn't you have asked simply? Student 1: I tried earlier, sir. It simply didn't work. 
To get to the front page
Because he had a crack addiction.
"Ouch, that Hertz!"
They both sleep all night and whack all day!
We're coming for you next...Snow Mexicans.  -America 
They're never trigger happy.
50 cent feat. Nickelback. 
Don't worry, the dinner's on me.
Because they can reach.
He wanted advice on how a wall is built and how it works.
His name was Sergei.
El Diablow
They both have small hands/fins and aren't afraid of touching the butt or grabbing something else for that matter  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Crackers.
Ewe. Sorry, that was baaaaad.
Peanut Butter.
Because he can't give two cents 
Snowballs.
Because they can't think straight.
You Hooker on Phonics ;)
Nacho average guy
Cuz he knew Trump would bring his own Pence
Are you grabbing it yet??
She only puckers up for her pacifier. 
I hear the food is good but there's no atmosphere. 
because he was kneaded.
16, 32, 64, and 128
The one that has a Trump up his sleeve
Orange
A zip. 
They call him the air con.
I'll meet you at the corner!
Just two, how did they get in there anyway?
Because he lives at the navel observatory
Don't pay her. 
They are better shaken, not stirred.  I usually have one in my hand.  One is too few and three are two many. 
"Girl, I'm lycan your style."
Because no black guy stays to see his kid grow up.  Be gentle with me, it's my first time.
99 6dip74545cheese
Pardon me.
Nein-Tales.
He likes to keep things white and straight.
The Pirates always lose.
Dreadful.
Diagon alley
It's very time consuming.
Because there's nothing to care-aboot. (caribou)
The thin comedian does stand up comedy While the fat comedian does sit down comedy  BADUMTSS
How can you breath through that thing.
It is the perfect country to Putin your pocket.
Me neither 
Shopping never causes heart attacks, but paying the bill does!
Sean Murray and PS4 users 
If I want to fill all 3 of the prostitute's holes, it's extra.
Yo can I crash at your place? 
Because they have durian...
Get Smart
His mail order bride has to stay with him now. 
Because it's 13:37! I came up with this last night and have been waiting to post it until 1:37pm my time.
You won't go to prison for blowing up a beach ball.
Canada and Mexico.
It’s when the blind try to read your face. 
I ain't still born yet! 
Kill Bill
With the help of a Trumpoline.
Both got screwed out of office
yes,if you are a billionaire! 
9/11 and 11/9 - darkest days in American history
You planet.
Because he hit a bump in the road. What was the bump in the road? Little Timmy. 
In Barbie, Ken doesn't beat the hell out of women.
I put on the wrong socks this morning.
An Asthma attack.
He dies in his LA home at 82.
Because they don't like to mooooooooooooove.
Son: Well, would you be friends with someone who was stupid, took drugs and was drunk all the time? Mom: No, Never! Son: Well neither would he!
Muhahahammed
A hot diggity dog.
Lukewarm.
Because trumps bringing his own pence.
A transpestite.
They both abandoned the EU
Because she was illegal. 
By having 25 million people move to Canada.
Not bad.
Donald J. Trump.
Play the national anthem. They'll all sit down
Homo-Sectionals
A campaign promise.
A URLologist
Walking....J.K . Rowling
Have him stand against a wall.
Finding out it's curable.
MAKE THE ANIMALS MATE AGAIN!
The answer's irrelevant as they all suck at it anyway.
Because 7 had long since succumbed to Stockholm syndrome and was actively engaging with their captors. 
God doesn't think he is Donald Trump.
America.
it took Jesus   to respawn. 
Choosing between a cunt and an asshole is fun for sex.
Orange is the new black. 
One is shitting ice cubes and the other is Ice Cube shitting.
They charge too much !
Ground beef
multi .
You're fired!
88 jokes per hour.
Donald trump.
The Wall-eye.
Luftwaffles 
Because they're short-sighted.
DJ Trump.
Whatever it is, its heading straight for the World Trade Center.
An Air-port
Otherwise, we'll all have hell toupee.
Because they don't have anybody to go with.
Through the Electoral College.
Swishnu
1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
A hooker can wash her crack and resell it.
Last I heard, they're all headed to Portland 
Ten tacos
"Can we still be cousins?"
Well, they're pretty fly if you ask me. 
Absolute Filf!
Their journey went south.
"Ta, lads."
Asparaghiss!
No lollygagging.
TRUMP
Small medium at large.
Ironic
He patted his hair and said "See America now that you are the Presidential Hair you are the great again."
Thanks, Michelle! 
an orange man
Americans who voted for Hillary 
Sorry-o  And his brother: Luig-eh?
D, M, C, and A.
Nobody knows.
To get hit by a car because Trump won.
A: Put your head through a window and the pane will just disappear!
Besides that's what she said and yo mama.
A: Because he was sitting on the deck !
Canada and Mexico.
Cuz they know how to make a great wall
He is a good breast-stroker. 
Because you're 11/10.
In Greece.  
American evangelicals At least the 80% majority of them.
Seems like the tables have turned.
A little fish that smells like fingers. 
Because with swim times like his, he might be president some day.
"So much pussy!"
Good support in-game, bad in giving child support. gg no re
Dunno, I just fly the drone.
Canada and Mexico both are.
Christopher Reeve...
They are both run by red-headed clowns.
'you're just white trash'
They blocked streets with a human wall
It goes chew chew.
Wha suh b?
It was caught Red Panded
A start.
He only promised to be gone until November
Little meinsteins.
Because he was low crab of course.
Gerrymandarin.
She struggled to control her pupils.  
Illumi-naughty
They'll have no one to sell it to.
Bill's staff waited until after the election to suck.
It's because of all the crude oil they keep ingesting.
Stop paying the bill. 
Because Hillary took the L.
I have a huge boner.  Get it boehner, boner? hahaha fuck man I should do a comedy special.﻿
I think it was off by 4 years. 
Because every black man gets a longer sentence 
Orange is the new Black
Between Mexico and the US. 
A hot dog
Republicans weren't off of work yet.
A loser
Because it was to the land of Canada for the free from Trump.
tell a woman you love her and she says "i think we're just friends..."
I mean, what did you expect from those savages that still use the Imperial System and eat pure deep fried butter?
A Pho queue
One achusetts.
The trumpet.
Thermal cameras mean I can't save anyone by hiding them in my roof.
Lourdes. Mother Theresa always goes there. 

Because all the white people are already supporting him
Trudeau likes to stokes pussies where as Trump likes to grab em
I'm a liberal democrat representing 32 recently deceased voters in Michigan. /s\
Nothing, it's already a joke.
neither have they
take a load off
He went to DFS and they're wasn't a sale on.
A big ol' Allepper
Because they're so good at it.
Because that would be 
Because I would rather fucking vote for it than these candidates
Regina George, because she got hit by that bus.
Cuz i wanna get roiiggghhhtttt into you.
You can unscrew a lightbulb.
Because, similar to leaves fallen from a tree, black people are dead inside.
'I'm in light urn.'
You can't hear an enzyme.
At No-Pulse Nightclub.
Someone is losing their trailer..
The swallows will be returning.
He wanted arrays.  It had to be reiterated several times before it was sorted out.
One of them is a racist carrot
If you don't pull out in time, it will cost you a lot of money.  My boss said he made this up on the spot yesterday. Never heard it before so I figured I'd post it. 
Imagination
It seems odd but it wanted to get even.
Inertia
I couldn't eat another mortal.
Light blue.
The truck can only take the load from behind where as the whore can take it from anywhere.
Only one more day left until the start of the 2020 Presidential Election Season!!
Friends. 
He kept leaving ball marks on the greens.
Well, I haven't come up with the punchline yet, but you can probably see where I'm going with it.
trigonometry. (trigger-ometry)
Because they have 4 lips.
The Voyager Probe, speeding away from Earth at 38,000 mph.
DJ Trump! Donald John Trump
Malnutrition.
He can't run away from his responsibilities. 
Five sailors died digging his grave.
The whip
The vending machine.
Because 9/11.
It can't buy you money.
Because he thought it was another mole, due to his poor eyesight.
It's a small world after all.
I'm still looking for the right bridge, any suggestions?
They keep the tips.
Well he was handed everything in life. Have you seen his hands? Most of what he was gifted slipped right through.
They're both full of trans fats
Hah, gulag with that.
Europ'en Uranus and get ready for my Ursa Major directed towards your Bootes.﻿
Because there's too many cheetahs!
At the "meet and eat"
Cell phones
Let it ring.
Just Juan 
He got married. 
Tacos
They both cantaloupe.
'cause I wanna unzip you and open you up.
None. They can't climb the ladder. 
The wheelchair. 
Orange
Discrimination
Oh, I got confused; after all, they are both painful on the anus!
The Mediterranean Sea
Because it said concentrate.
Mice crispies.
Because they're afraid of the Trump suit.
We better get some support, or people will think we're nuts!
A cow's cunt is on the outside.
Eh, it's a bit of a stretch. 
Because the muslim ones are on the no-fry list.
Amèlie Amèlie Amèlie Amèlie Amèlie
One is made of plastic and is very dangerous for little kids to play with. The other carries groceries.
Jokemon.
You're killing me Smalls. 
It would be a fowl proceeding.
To screw in the lightbulb.
A creature that sucks blood from your knees.
Wall-E.
They remove all attachments.
Brasshole
. . . mitosis
Because he was driving her buggy.
A gene-ius
A little hoarse!
You look for the fresh prints!
Because seven's odd.
So that men can think for a solution in silence.
Global Worming.
Providing child support.
The knocking is out of time and they don't know when to come in.
Q: Why can't a blonde dial 911? A: She can't find the eleven.
Because in 3 days, he would be a raisin
A margarita hits the spot every time.
Upper Tears
We found his Heads & Shoulders in the glove box.
A Cadillac.
To get to the other side. 
Because he wanted a PRIME-MATE!  sorry ...sorry twice if this is an old joke
He rarely kneeded the dough.
Answer: One is the sad, desparate attempt of a poor creature with little freedom to get attention from strangers, and the other is just something animals at the zoo do when they're bored.
If a black man asks you to hold his beer, you can be sure that he'll come back for it.
Well..it's not hard
snow balls.  I love this joke because it's innocent enough to be acceptable in most circumstances, yet dirty enough to be interesting. 
They suffer from m'ladies
She couldn't see that well.
A nervous wreck...
Because i will vote for it!
Because they're all in de Nile.
Chewsday
It doesn't
Succubi
All their supporters are home with sick kids 
Trigger Treat.
You really have to nail it
He didn't understand the gravity of the situation.
He worked it out with a pencil.
Because he left a residue at every pole.
Walking (punchline in comments)
walking. JK ROLLING
They both suck, but only she swallows. .... Yes this joke suck hard. I apologise. 
It was assaulted.
Planck walkers
Round of 16
A roamin Catholic
Ohio
The end has no Jack. 
They both end on a Sundee
She won't admit that she's 35
Because they have nothing to fret about!
Because they...lactose... I'm sorry.
Wow.  I can't believe you don't know this.  There is a Vas Deferens between the two. 
Walking. ... JK Rolling. 
It doesn't have windows.
A bench can support a family of four.
Ten-tickles
on a knead the dough basis.
A reflex of course.
Chinko De Mayo
You're in treble mister!
Crime stopper
"Hey! Ewe!"
AAAA
A rednnnnnneeeeeeeccccccccckkkkkk.
You can't use a pitchfork on the bowling balls.
One is the art of the fold, the other, the fart of the old.
Never mind, it just flew over your head. 
"I'm going to suck.."
He didn't wrap his Whopper
The bible. Please don't kill me for this.
Because analogy was already taken.
An obliga-tree.
AYE MATEY
Who cares. 
Udder destruction!
Virgin mobile.
A pair. 
There are twenty of them..
French army.
None, he fell.
I am baroque, can you lend me some money?
An astronaut, you racist. 
They gefilter fish.
-Finnished
Hey, wanna get blazed?
Its the 5/7 day of the week
It was actually sham-poo.
Histogram 
A: Police horse
They'll both try their best to suck the life out of you...
He had to work it out with a pencil...
A schoolbus full of children.
Ba-dum-tss
When you tell them that you want to see proof, all they can do is tell you about it!
A zit will wait until you’re twelve before it comes on your face.
One has soul full of hope & one has a hole full of soap... I'll walk myself out, sorry first post here 
Her dog is also blind 
A Klondike.
Goatmeal.
Because he saw the salad dressing.
The Antichrist
She has a tampon behind her ear and can't find her cigarette 
Did you just assume my tender??
Nap-kin
Harry can escape the chamber.
No, Mary. What the hell is wrong with you?
A brick. 
Fifty shades of G'Day
It's Erection Day
To get to the other side of Chris Christie. From the book: Donald Trump Is F**king Goofy: Jokes and Limericks
Because you're flat and fertile
She takes Sadderall. 
The second letter.
It's pasteurized before you can even see it.
[removed]
To get back to Mexico
Depends on how hard you throw them. 
Hitler had a reason to kill himself.
Sthaftey scthissors!
A whine cellar. 
All the ones I have met have been Jew-ish
[removed]
A solmate 
Han Solo. Because he took a shot first.
None, they'll just make the Mexicans do it. 
They prefer radians.
You have to sit in the back of the oven.
A person with a masturbation problem. 
It's beer pressure.
Wet. 
They aren't gonna fall for that one again.
Test post please respond
Lupus
"Number one, I crashed my bike yesterday morning, and number two           " edit: grammar fix
Getting head at the same time.
A not-see
He pasta way
Weddit
Because I want to shoot kids inside you. 
Ancient grease
A Warehouse.
They write themselves a doctor note  (some shitty oc for ya'll) edit: okay not oc but not repost, i need dat karma to feed kids
For hispanic attacks.
Six Million.
You only get laid once, and that's by your mother!
G'night mate
As a mother, I choose not to screw it in. Light bulbs are dangerous weapons created by the Soviet Union, and I will not screw it in; it could severely hurt my child. As everyone knows, light bulbs are the principle source of autism in this world, and I have to take a stand on it.
dood
There were many knights.
"Cancer stole our jobs!"
my life. 
Outlaws are wanted people 
The respirator.  (My dad told me this while he was cooking asparagus)
Retarded.
It's tiring.  
A cheap pansy
They're on Thor.
One drove all the snakes from Ireland, the other drove away all of the Native Americans.
One blows a 3' 1" lead and the other blows a 3-1 lead
HAND SOLO  hahaha fuck you
Well, one's a spineless, gutless, heartless, brainless, venomous, slimy, nasty creature whose mouth and anus are the same orifice. The other is a form of sea life.
"If you cross me it will be the last thing you do!"
Guns don't move out when you bring a new one home.
Because his pecker is on his head
Keep the tip.
The NaaaaayyyVY
The list off ways is to long too fit hear.
"I came, I saw, and I came again".
Because butter fly. 
Yeah but only by a couple inches. I think I killed a parrot...
Xavier
Smoke.
50$
Because you should never drink and derive.
I don't know, ask Dave.
"You sick fuck, I'm calling the cops."
Rev
Uppsala
Hillary Clinton
He had to swallow his pride
Nothing.
Are you having a crisis?
An Or-phone.
The Cleveland Indians.  
The Almost Windians.
...They Leave a Trail of Tears
Seriously, you didn't hear? He was screaming from the pain for four hours straight at 2 a.m.
Boeing boeing boeing
Apple juice
[removed]
Because it is two tired. 
With a cell phone.
They objectify everything.
I glove you. 
No Wanna go camping?
Nun-chucks.
The Bern Pile 
Apparently not 29
Because, it wasn't very Pharoah-dynamic.
Because there were too many damn inequalities.
FEMA representative: During the last storm did you receive any damage to your property? Homeowner: Hail, yes.
Ill call you tomorow
Both come in waves...
3 ants saw an elephant coming.  Ant 1: We will kill him.  Ant 2:  We will break his legs.  Ant 3:  Forgive him guys,  he is alone and we are 3...
"Voulez-vous brûler avec moi ce soir?"
It makes them rather sheepish. 
Because they lasted a minute in battle
A pedantry. 
One is a veterinarian, and the other is a Veteran Aryan.
Women.
An unpolished one.
Women: Both, you go to yours and I’ll go to mine.
Tell Jamal to drop it
Dead
[deleted]
wouaaa wouaaa wu wu welcome refugees
Fibonacci
These Boots Are Made For Walken.....
Hockey players shower after 3 periods.
Dress her up as a choir boy!
Piranhahahahaha Don't lynch me
She has cancer
An under cover cop. 
Chicken sees a salad.
because it overswept
Really fucking confused. 
Greggs don’t look down on you when you eat their creampie
Racism has many faces. EDIT: Read "asians" as "people from Japan, China and both of the Koreas". Because some redditors are pissed at me for being racist, while telling a racist joke. 
The ashes reminds them of their parents.
Apparently that's all they spent.
My watch hasn't got a strap on.
They both have motherboards, but no fatherboards
No-eye-deer   (no idear)  ...  What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? 
Captain Morgan comes alive when you add coke.
It's the time he'd barge in on beauty contestants changing to try to see them naked.
RIP post
Erotic is when you use a feather; kinky is when you use a whole chicken.
Deer testicles, it's under a buck. 
...cause dam!
Nun.
A gummy bear
A woman awakes during the night to find that her husband was not in their bed. She puts on her dressing gown and goes downstairs to look for him. She finds him sitting at the kitchen table with a hot cup of coffee in front of him. He appears to be in deep thought, just staring at the wall. She watches as he wipes a tear from his eye and takes a sip of his coffee. 'What's the matter, dear?' she whispers as she steps into the room, 'Why are you down here at this time of night?' The husband looks up from his coffee, 'I am just remembering when we first met 20 years ago and started dating.. You were only 16. Do you remember back then?' he says solemnly. The wife is touched to tears thinking that her husband is so caring, so sensitive. 'Yes, I do' she replies.. The husband pauses. The words were not coming easily. 'Do you remember when your father caught us in the back seat of my car?' 'Yes, I remember!' said the wife, lowering herself into a chair beside him. The husband continues. 'Do you remember when he shoved the shotgun in my face and said, 'Either you marry my daughter, or I will send you to jail for 20 years?' 'I remember that too' she replies softly. He wipes another tear from his cheek and says. 'I would have been released today.'
They are looking at your shoes, rather than their own.
Rock and Heavy Metal
A screensaver.
They both feel really good but when you look down you know you're gay.
Honey, I'm home!
Give me a ring sometime.
Aruuuuuugula
Yeah, its some kind of Meme. Well in my peoples Tongue, Ayy lmao means: "I am in great Pain, please help me."
Hello.. Hello..? Lama sabachthani?! 
Rogue Juan
With a Lucille Ball.
He glue up.
Licka de split!
Ironman, he's a Fe male.
Weiners got them both in trouble but in the end nobody really cared. 
Everywhere
It's Minute Made
Because anywhere else it would've been called the teethbrush
MOO! Bitch, get out the way... Get out the way... Get out the way. 
An Aunt-eater.
they go to the moovies
Cut a hole in the ice, place a bunch of peas in that hole, and when a polar bear comes to take a pea, kick him right in the ice hole.
If they're good ones, they'll both blow really well.
With a tuna.
A Heilstone
Because the land never waves back.
Because there is no oxygen and they'd die from UV radiation, you idiot.
It's shocking. 
Over my dead body...
Candidate: I fall in love easily.  Interviewer: What's your weakness?  Candidate: Those blue eyes of yours.
He had a problem with boos.
Joint custardy
I thought the title was the start of a joke. You OWW me one joke!
A:  Ooga booga baby!
Mom: Well son, it all started when I asked the wrong man for directions.
As many as will fit.
An orphan. 
A Tutsi roll!
Pixie-lated
M'lady 
A pearrot
It's not about strategy, but endurance.
One's a rugrat, the other's a regret.
9/11 jumpers they went 79 stories in 10 seconds.
Because it was A Minor. If anyone posted this before me, all credit is to be given to them.
Ugh, Ugh Ugh? Uggh!
A Dead End.
Because they can't take it seriousry.
Because it was covered in sheet
What did the ghost give his girlfriend on Halloween? A "booquet" of flower.
It's OK, he woke up
One is a cheesy sack of toxic crap that is pumped with orange dye and hot air and is sold to ignorant masses with no taste. The other is a corn-based snack food.
Cremate 
Because it's always flat.
tamagotchi 
Because her boyfriend was going in  .
Galaxy Note 7 (Exploding Variant)  Just kidding it's an iPhone, you racist fuck.  This joke has probably already been said before, so please up-vote.
In his sleevies! 
Oh, wait, nevermind. You've probably never heard of them.
Wife : would you please call our children by their real names? 
Junk mail
Why does it have to be a group activity?
This place is totally radical!
Because she was fucking blind. 
Because he kneaded a poo.
a mathacre
You wouldn't pay to have a potato on you.
Because if not, I would check the troubleshooting guide your owners manual for common issues. Sometimes it's as simple as a clogged filter, or simply not being plugged in. Also, There may be a toll-free technical support number you can call. You also may have a manufacturers limited lifetime warranty that would cover diagnoses, parts, and in some cases labor, by a qualified licensed technician. Your manufacturer can recommend a local technician in your area. They may also help you schedule to have them look and if labor is not covered, they can provide an in-person estimate.  Oh, it is running now? I'd vote for it.
We're not falling for that one again!
Two: one to shoot and one to sell him to shoot back.
He didn’t have a leg to stand on
Idk, ask your mother.
A theocracy.
Na
He eats shoots and leaves
M'laria.
The more you play with it, the harder it gets.
I'd tell you happy birthday, but to me, you've been dead for centuries ⚡️
America.
'WE NEED TO BUILD A RAMP!'
For fingering a minor.
They both only work with a chain on.
The Final Solution
Mourning wood!
They go Triggertreating.
Cuatro sinko 
A lunchador.
I got my ion you. 
He looks at your shoes instead of his
A llama-fall.

A knife has a point 
A mist conception. 
They both get laid by Mexicans. 
Because ultimately it was Hillary who ended up showing her the Huma door.
"Make me one with everything" (assuming he would be able to talk in the first place)
A high-jacker.
Because that would be the crappiest job ever. 
Because they are a Joke!
They have a mole on their body.
A Labragoogle.
With 30 pieces of silver
Can you smell carrot?
Francium.
So they can see the battle.
Their Seoul Mate. 
Because I'd probably vote for it.
Anal. . . . Sauce: Jimmy Carr 
You can make soldiers out of toast!
Aye matey
You Sioux them.
Au.
Snowballs.
Suicide Bombers. They are used to blowing themselves.
A Ghost Pepper.

Because it was the hottest pepper.
"Awaken, my pump- "
A pool table
He didn't want any beef. 
Half of the grass gets eaten and the other half gets smoked
Libyated
The Carpet store 
Are you joking? They can't even change a dirty diaper!
"Can I have a private server?"
Amadeus Vult!
They were looking for Mein Kampf and got misdirected.
They both spend all their money on payphones.
Bitch.
Vote!
Conceived at a family reunion and crawling with criminals.
Its his name.
Sick, he definitely has fever.
American women get stoned before they commit adultery..
Because of hispanic attacks..
Because the suspense is killing them. 
Coma-toes.
a STRAWberry. ...I'll go...
Because I'm the only "G" you need 
The strokes
Ovary Enthusiastic
Strawberry Filled forever!
He didn't look in both directions before crossing.
on a knead the dough basis 
Bruised Lee
She found another woman's lipstick on his knuckles.
The steaks have never been higher
They want to look like their mothers.
Who should have played Bilbo Baggins in Lord of the Rings? Bruce Willis. Because old hobbits die hard.
BOOB
Mike Meowser 
You have to sit in the back of the oven.
He had some time to kill.
Because Oct31 = Dec25
Takes a laxative.
Their supply list told them to "jackboots."
Later. 
A skeleTON.
A flying saucer.
He heard it was finger licking good.
So she can moan with the other.
Dork chocolate
A Freudian slip
Wheat intolerant.
I don't know but I heard it cost him an arm and a leg.

A Chinese telephone. "Wing wing".  "Halo?"
The parents would love to know.
Put a little boogie in it.
Ten-ants !
"Ummmmmmmmmm...."
They have poorly developed motor skills. 
9/11 Jumpers. They went 79 stories in 10 seconds.
Cuatro sinko
I keep asking people, but they don't know either.
He drinks it just like he drinks every other kind of spirit.
No Escape
I will hit you so hard that it will leave a Marx. 
He's a whole two feet shorter.
That's when he became a not-see
                       
Germany. 
He wiped
Canadian club on the rocks.
Shitty posts 
They like horsin' around.
Because he only comes once a year and that's down a chimney.
Mississippi
There was a CEO with no ears and he was hiring new employees, the interviews went a little like this: The first interview went fine for the most part but then came the last question. CEO: Alright, the jobs requirement is to be very keen to detail. Tell me, what is something you noticed about me during this interview? Man: Well uh you don't have any ears sir. The CEO got livid and was yelling and cursing him forcing the man to leave. The man sat in the waiting room outside of the CEO's office thinking to himself what went wrong, he later saw another person being interviewed.  The CEO asked the same question and the person also gave the same answer, the same aftermath. Later, another person was about to walk in and the man stopped him and said "hey don't mention anything about his ears, he's very sensitive about them.". The person thanked him and walked in.  This is what went down: CEO: Alright, the jobs requirement is to be very keen to detail. Tell me, what is something you noticed about me during this interview? The person sat there and looked at him a while... and then said: Person: You wear contacts. CEO: I DO! HOW'D YOU KNOW Person: Well you can't wear glasses because you don't have any fucking ears! ~my uncle told me this and way better
Because he wanted to create a new front-ear!
You oscillate its tit a lot.
Out of sequins! 
How much damage can their Weiner make...
He goes back 4 seconds.
A receding hareline.
A miner infraction!  From  , posted by 
Because 7 is a Six offender Edit: should say "But why is 5 afraid of 7?" Sorry
Salman Rush B
Cause I'm not finding a spot to attach my cover letter. 
A Bald Kegel. 
Because she couldn't see that well.
He went data way.
An impasta.
Because he figured that would be a bad hobbit to get in to. 
Your Oklahomie.
It's just what we tend to do
They did unspeakable things to him.
He didn't make the cut 
Edit: Sorry about the repost, heard this joke from a friend, who, in turn, saw it on Twitter. :):
He has a history of having a history about history 
The way that the punchline of the joke is delivered.
He joined the que que que 
"IS SOMEONE OUT ON THE VEST? THE VEST? THE VEST? THE VESTIBULE?"
Sexually frustrated
With a broken magic wand.
No? Neither have they.
Old age
Grinder (Thanks, Ellen)
Because they cantaloupe...
Turd.
It has a crack in it. 
Hebrews it.
The 19th Amendment
Because it was in the middle of 9 11
They're mostly really nice people, but they have the French living there too.
Dad jokes.
Because they're going via Agra!
Because they die in them.
Blue Sonnet
To render the buildings on the other side.
Because you need a soul for that.
They were in airplane mode. (I'm so sorry)
I folded it in half.
People say it's cause he has the tightest wraps
The wheelchair.
Academia nut 
Chelsea.
full.
Paranorman
They don't come with trigger warnings.
The government
A stray table. 
Voldemort
I was told they were sick of being subordinates. 
Shroom, shroom. shroom
Before they titrate, they need to get buffer!
A Weea-Jew
He only broke into the watergate hotel once. He should have done it everyday. Then it would have been normal. Yes, you got it, jokes on you. 
A stick ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
In Transylvania
Maybe I should just liquify it.
Godfrey
One. No, two! No, four! No, eight! No, sixteen! No, thirty-two! ...
They ketchup.
They only have one I.
Because they never speak up.
Cealls
All are equally oxymoronic.
In river banks
Well, you want them to work, don't you?
The Bucket!
A fur-nace
Because they do nothing except making themselves cross.
"Konnichihuahua"
Because Sheeran
An Orlando     sheet party...
Dismembered
Yakuztics
Khakistan!
Carpool tunnels
"Hi, why don't you have a seat right over there please.."
Gigahurts. (Came up with this in the car on my way to school hopefully its original)
Because if it had four it'd be a chicken sedan.
Ones a cunning array of stunts. . .
A pickpocket snatches watches
He’s back on tour.
Immigration.
My sister.
Actibia.
Canadian knows the difference between a school and a shooting range.
Hot because you can actually "catch a cold".
A pickpocket snatches watches
The baby grows up and learns to stop crying.
It was a lawn-distance relationship.
Not as many as it takes to point out that they did Nazi it coming.
Dung
A tip
Because they have to go by the book.
Their assets are already frozen!
BRRR BRRR
Isaac Newton died a virgin
Me: I've been playing poker with some blokes. Wife: Playing poker with some blokes? You can pack your bags and fucking leave. Me: So can you sweetheart; this ain't our fucking house anymore!
Because he's got a hollow-weenie.
2 1/2
Graaaaaaiiiiiinnns
Yes you say?! Well consider yourself mentally challenged.
A stick.
Popeyes
Well well well...
"Sorry, I http"
You get fired from your job as a dentist.
Dracula. Frankenstein went down for the count.
"I charge five dollars if it’s a boy and five dollars if it’s a girl. Let’s just say this one’s on the house.”
Neither one will rape a Mexican.
They're both leg ends.
To see how high the mexicans pole vaulters can jump﻿
This morning I had pancakes.
Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.
"Hold onto your nuts, this ain't no ordinary blow job."
She deserves affair trial. 
A pizza doesn't shoot up a school.
You don't let him eat. . What, did you think I was going to say something about work boots? Racist dick.
Lmao Zedong
Elephino
A hollowpeno
You have to drop the bomb twice.
Because they can't find home 
Good, then I'm voting for IT for president!
They ran out of juice!
No Juan has more respect for women than I do.
God supports everything.
[removed]
Did you just assume my wattage??? FLICKERED
I'd say it's fifty fifty
They've both been f***** by a rapist
Because 7 is a registered six offender.
Irrelevant. 
I've seen a lot of shit!
I'll keep an eye out for you!
"Wham, bam, thank you fam"
"Here, try this, Israeli refreshing!" 
He had nowhere else to turn
The grip. 
You break them at the middle and load them from behind
Of course, a house doesn’t jump at all
Alarmed.
West Virginia, anywhere else it would be called the teethbrush
A flat minor
When stoners are smoking, they don't explode.
Permutations.
Who knows, they never get the house. 
Poor, Old, Niagga, Thinks, It's, A, Cadillac.  Ba dum tssss 
He's trying to save the reefs, because he wants to protect coral.
What would you do for a clone dyke Barb?
When it's intercepted by a separate plane.
She had two pounds of crack in her knickers.
Pilot error
R-E-D-D-I-T
Take your combat boot off his head. 
A bouldering. (Sorry guys ive been indoor rock climbing lately)
BOO BEE!!  <insert titty-twister here>
Jew kill all the people who'd be offended :L
Walking. Jk. Rolling
Your job sucks
They use a cow-culator!  Ba-dum-tsss!
A Sandy Hook survivor 
The quick E
Wrinkly. 
The grip
To sharpen the knife 
From their mother's computerus.
They can never seem to beat the Straights of Magellan.
It's formula won.
It was in-tents.
A S C E T I C
So his wife won't get pregnant
It goes back four seconds
Because they benefit from grape culture.
British sign says " Maximum 6 People/500kg" Ethiopian sign says "Maximum 500 People/6kg"
.. you can't hear an enzyme 
They wear a rolex watch around their waist. 
Suet
Kanye asada.
He brews it.
An asphalt
It runs in your genes.
Thyme management
Because he wants to make America grate again 
Jack Daniels is still killing Indians 
Remains to be seen.
He was trying to save Krypton
"You, you and you. Get out."
Hand them a mechanical pencil with the lead out and see how the use it. Child A: look mom I'm a doctor! - expect them to live to 80+ years. Child B: look mom I'm a heroin user! - expect them to live to about 27.
Because I might vote for it.
You have to repost the joke twice before she realizes that it isn't funny anymore
Kawaii
Decom-pose. 
And Abori-genie.
There's so many wings it's easy to wing the wong number.
They weren't born yesterday.
1 sleep until Christmas.
She doesn't want to move into a smaller house in a black neighborhood. 
Attire.
Because Stalin in standing on Lennins shoulders. From a Russian friend.
they wanted to restore the CNNomies
Tostitos.
Because in Japan they're rocksmiths. 🤘
It's called the Gas Elevator  (I know I'm going to hell for this)
A Moo - nwalker
Too many spooks.
10 lbs of pressure on the back of the head. 
The Third Write 
So they can sneak across pool tables. Have you ever seen an elephant sneaking across a pool table? Works, doesn't it?
Leftovers
Spoopify
It better get thrown out by November 8 or else I'm going to get violently sick.
Because nothing gets under their skin.
Because 7 blew up in a surfer's car.
They don't know where home is.
He was a snow call, snow show. 
A deviled egg. Hmath out.
Incestry.com
Pothead plants.
Well, last week was his birthday. His wife didn't wish him a happy birthday. His parents forgot and so did his kids. He went to work and even his colleagues didn't wish him a happy birthday. As he entered his office, his secretary said, "Happy birthday, boss!" He felt so special. She asked him out for lunch. After lunch, she invited him to her apartment. They went there and she said, "Do you mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute?" "Okay," He said. She came out 5 minutes later with a birthday cake, his wife, his parents, his kids, his friends, & his colleagues all yelling, "SURPRISE!!!" while John was waiting on the sofa... naked
You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message.
'I charge you with battery'
The best ones are consistently sub-par.
"Hey kid, you wanna buy a candy?" 
Diabetes
She gagged.
He was feeling a bit Sikh
Because they always draw a cardigan. 
It never worked out because they never met
Because he is PM not AM
Mourning breath!
A parallelogram.
Na, it's too cheesy!
A SoCal Justice Warrior.
He works it out with a pencil.
Because it's pretty basic stuff.
A Trup vote.
Because they make up literally everything
Police are looking for a gang of hardened criminals.
My nose
A political uprising.
To remind black people that they were cotton pickers before drug dealers.
One's an overblown Nazi gasbag  and the other's a dirigible. 
A small medium at large! 
Boko Harambe
He doesn't, they are both Aryans.
Because the are always metal-ing.
He was always oncol
That explains the meatier showers.
Triple Hay 
Is this the man I want my kids to spend every second weekend with?
Stick with me man... We'll go places. Peace. Hmath out.
Green Arrow
Vampires aren't real
Nothing
It wasn't, numbers are not sentient and therefore cannot feel fear
Internal bleeding
They have the right to bear arms
He was outstanding in his field!
A phil-officer. 
Anyway my dad just caught me browsing 
Octopus Prime!
Because he was fat and ugly and no one liked him
Alot of young men went over it. And they would cowardly get shot from the back. Credits to Jeroom.
I can't jelly my dick down your throat. 
The great ones are always white.
Because it was in morning.
A frog in a blender.
They caught her sitting on Pinocchio's Face yelling "Lie you little fucker 
Wipe it off and apologise.
I always cry when I cut an onion
L an' D
Udderly useless.
The Search Bar.
He was all right.
Because other alphabets were 
Danke Kong
BUMBLEGUM. Five year olds think it's hilarious. I do not. 
Potheads get stoned by choice.
None. They like to live in the darkness.
Staff infection
Because he was outstanding in his field!
The cake comes out of the girl.
lay floss over their eyes
The Czech engine light is always on.
If I wanted to see her blood id look at her face after the Eagles lose.
A skinnytar.
Hermione went alone and was attacked by a troll 
The all up in yo business.
They were in tents 
They have two heads.
They can't find eleven on the keypad.  
Because he was AAAAAYYYYYYY-Sexual
They both barely cover the asshole.
You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna!
Oh that's right, it hasn't come out yet..
An Amish drive-by shooting
It runs in your jeans!
He pasta away!
It Hertz.
A Christler.
Very little.
Elixir!!!!!
A: Just look at that young person with the short hair and blue jeans. Is it a boy or a girl? B: It's a girl. She's my daughter. A: Oh, I'm sorry, sir. I didn't know that you were her father. B: I'm not. I'm her mother.
European!
A Chicken Caesar salad
When there's a tampon behind her ear and she's looking for her pencil. 
I dunno, but I bet it mega-hurts!
Because it's a gas planet.
Why did Sally fall off the swing? Because she didn't have any arms. Knock Knock. Who's there? Definitely not Sally. Why did Jimmy drop his ice cream? He was hit by a truck Why didn't the truck turn out of the way? Sally Was driving
.... she uses her own servers
A jeweler sells watches and a jailer watches cells.  Edit: No idea why this is a religion joke...
Pump Kin 
I'm not a fan.
The last black man to have a dream got shot.
I heard that it's a little Chewy
The mare, of course
Mary J O'Blige
Vote
Toilet trees.
Because he had no attachments
Helium Neon Argon Krypton Xenon Radon
Dear Sir, We are writing to you because you have violated copyright ...
Too soon?
Because his skeleton was in the closet
Job - he tied his ass to a tree and walked all the way to Jerusalem
Freedom.
They both get toe food
[Filled]
It gives them butterflies in their stomach 
They both like to throw a ho-down.
On crotches...
Trumpeteers.  Because he sure can toot his own horn.  ...before anyone freaks out. Hillary is also a deplorable person. It's a wonderful election season, ain't it folks?
Sunni side up. I know this is a Shiite joke.
Sticky notes. What did he get from his publisher? A hard copy.
They tend to be shells of their former selves
Lamborghini 😆
Rabinowitz:  Whatcha reading? Topper:  Great Expectations. Rabinowitz:  Is it any good? Topper: Its not all I hoped for. Hot Shots Part Deux. Best joke in the movie. 
You don't call it dumbass, you go get it.
They saw it as a sign to pare.
Ann Schluss.  Her books had a way of taking over Czechoslovakia and Austria in particular. edit: Czechoslovakia & Austria
They're more of a kids meal.
It was a little daisy
A salt with deadly weapon
The customer always comes first.
You park your car, man. 
A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it
Water-logged.
Pulled pork.
One has claws at the end of its paws and one is a pause at the end of a clause.
Irradiated cats have 18 half-lives
A baby excavator.
Lukewarm
Exspearamint. inspired by the presidential gum joke.
It's fucking intents
He burnt all the franks.
Blue. One blue one way and one blue the other way.
He could put his foot in his mouth with his head up his ass.
Equatinos
The Canadian Mint
The both leave your crotch on fire
My bike
Ash.
F5.
A guy will actually search for a golf ball.
Because at the end of they day they don't want any strings attached! 
A roamin' Catholic.
A flamethrower
With a dustpan and broom.
To contact those on the other side. 
Maggie   
He stopped making cents.
The headline read, "Psychic midget escapes from jail"
Because it was Stalin! edit: Sorry! Communist jokes aren't funny unless every gets them.
Wrong, hops.
Some people are against shooting guns.
You put it in a blender.
My voters pamphlet.
Bo nose
Garbage gets picked up!
The execution.
They run for president.
A law-suit
There are twenty of them.
Quarkiplier
Knee-deep! Knee-deep! Knee-deep!
they sure know their way down.
Where's my tractor?
Her miscarriage.
We're so baked. What did the stoner say to his friend? I'm so high,I can hear the brownies talking to each other.
That place is one giant pyramid scheme!
It was Wei Tu Long.
Because it reminded him of Richard Clock, the man accused of viciously knife-raping his wife.
Ten. (Shame this one doesn't work too well for reddit - the funniest part of this joke is the third punchline; enjoying people struggle to understand what the hell you're talking about.)
Carlos.
Steam post-punk
A: A rectangular bear after a coordinate transformation. 
Ebae
Vel-crows. You're welcome.
..Jew Jitsu
Because I wore the wrong pair of socks to work.
Seen it. Seen it. Don't care for either.
Cause I've been watching you... bae.. More of a creepy line.
Sorry, I'm still working on it.
When you arrive at the international airport you are American. There is a room that changes your nationality. When you enter this room you are Russian, when you leave this room you are Finnish, and while inside European. What room is it? 
His brother with your DVD player.
Snow balls. Ha
I'Moth
Dear Sir/Ma'am We are cutting your internet connection due to the following reasons: Illegal Downloading
He pasta away Please send olive your condolences to his family
An alligatorus
He has lots of antibodies.
Triggerednometry
Then I pretend to be dead and disappear for three days.
Consent
He's in stable condition. 
Because he never pays his debts.
So they can hide in cherry trees. You've never seen an elephant in a cherry tree? They're pretty good at it.
A bloody shitpost.
To go to that bar that everyone imagines when envisioning a bar joke~
With his bear hands. Thank the Chive for that one.
Tyrone
The Clinton's leave a bad taste in her mouth 
Refrigerator doesn't have a 'd' in it.
Because they were Russian!
Orange, Orange you glad I didn't say banana.
BA NA NA NA!
The y-hat.
1) Electile Dysfunction  and  2)  Premature Congratulations.
More heroin. 
Def Leppard
"Stop telling me what to do! You're not the balls of me!" I'll see myself out...
A peacunt
A crime fighter
Dam.
Fruit Jews  .  .  .  Kill me
At headquarters!
When something's bent on top of U
Tri-weekly Try Weekly and Try Weakly
Swalloween!
A silly-yak.
ur life.
Well for starters the flag is a big plus. 
Behind a badge
He came out of the cupboard. 
A Cocker Manual.
I can't bear it! You axolotl of me this time!
Ones a large, heavy mammal the other's a little lighter.
Repost
A rehearsal. 
Triggered Treating *Its ok i already found the door.
Meshuggah. 
One slip of the tongue, and you’re in deep shit.
Jack Daniels is still killing Indians.
Because classical conditioning!
"Suddenly....I'm not half the man I used to be....."
It goes back for seconds
They lowered his coffin, took it out, flipped it the other way round, then lowered it again. 
The purchaser.
Go chuck itself of course. 
Because the P is silent
Anyway, my dad just caught me masturbating.
In space, no one can hear the ice cream truck.
because he always came in another box. 
Your whale cum isn't welcome.
I'll be home in 20 minutes.
Duderonomy! They also like Leviticus.
It must be heredditory.
Inverse
An aspberry!
Edgar Allan Po-Po
Juan by Juan
In the Pro Bowl, they give ten percent.
It was pissed off.
"Rigged, for her pleasure."
A garbage truck.  I'm sorry. 
Cause he's not straight
A gun only has one trigger
Losing both your arms.

At tooth hurty.
In iraq
When you run in front of a car you get tired. When you run behind a car you get exhausted.
He could NAZI 
So what are your guys' thoughts on abortion? 
Aloha ackbar
To keep their nuts dry.
They throw one cigarette overboard and the whole boat becomes a cigarette lighter.
He encrypted it
Four blondes waiting at a four way stop.
Sucks to your ASMR, piggy!
Because he was  .
They don't like fast food. 
It's a long line of midgets!
Nothing... 
no shit, Sherlock 
At college and at any social events with friends, I don't really know what to joke about or try to be funny about with friends especially to the girls i like. I try not to be boring or anything like that while with my friends, I try to make them laugh every now again and I think I am funny sometimes and able to take a joke well and have a good sense of humour. 😊😊 I am 21 year old guy and the most talks i have with my friends are about there hobbies and how was there week/weekend, Sports, Fun stuff/things and sometimes talks about the news and pretty much set it, So i guess it is still great talk and not boring.  I can't think of a joke, It is quite hard to think of something funny most of the time. 😦😦 So I really really need help and advice on trying to be more funny as in telling jokes to friends and especially to the girls I like. What are the best FUNNY jokes to tell your friends and especially to the girls I like?? Any advice/help please?? 😆 And Is anyone like i am as in do you struggle to be funny or come up with jokes to your friends?? And Do you think I'm boring?? 😐😐
Unicorny
No, you are all all .
An unaware wolf.
Usually they're lying
A cantelope.
Because he was nailed by guys.
So far they've recovered 324 bodies. 
Answer: If You walk in on two roaches fucking on your kitchen counter, you unzip your pants and enjoy the free show.  (The great thing about these is, you can all add your own)
They both took 3 days to respawn 
We stopped Germany.
To get to the shell station.
When you're buying salt.
Me neither.
A Shatbook. 
Shemail.
Pump Kin
culosis.
He couldnt Mufasa enough.
They were aghast.
Michonne-ary
Because they are pretty and hurt you.
A Hans free device
A Colt following
Every box had, in huge letters, "0mg cholesterol!"
The best joke I've ever heard!
A Trump stamp.
A she shell.
None, they just shoot the room for being black
You planet
Walking. JK ROLLING
He went back four seconds.
The police found it easier than arresting her.
Triplets.
I asked for Pizza #KingOfjokes
" an ice cube .. you know what would NOT be cool ? molesting children .. cause that would be really hot " -an ice cream van driver .
To beat the crowd.
The Galaxy note 7
HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSTERICAL          
America
She committed soya-cide.
End your text with "this message will self destruct in 10 seconds"
Both are yellow and can't drive.
A whorde.
Refractions
Because he's black.
None. He  ....
He was a mole 
To get to the other slide.
Because there horns don't work
Because they always get stoned
He saw the gas bill.
Mikey Yoda.
Because his dad was killed by armed rubbers.
ALLAH KAZAM!
A 
... One has the Blue Jays in it, the other has the Jews blazin' it.
Stop laughing and reload. (Sorry)
Because everything but the kitchen sinks. =D
Grass...I lied about the wheels.
Because I want to give you kids.
"Mowgli. Now there's a man-child who can take on a Khan and win (makes 'you're fired' motion).
It just makes cents.
By walking...... JK Rowling 
Uncles
You might step on the Lagos.
Because Freedom Rings.
"Check Mate Mate!"
Carrs.
Lack toes and tall or rent
Pet store fired me
Everywhere..
A hockey player showers after 3 periods.
Dank god 
He eats them both. Eats the high horse first, though.
Pa's cow.  I'll show myself out...
It's going to put about 12 cashiers out of work.
For the halibut
IT'S FUCKING FROZEN
They start with Juan
DenimDenimDenim
Then I realised - First she   on one side, then she   on the other.
White vans.
Because they don't wanna look at themselves, when they have sex.
I'm not sure, but they can suck a mean dick.
BAO BAO BAO BAO
Blowjob: You can beat your meat, eggs, or wife, but you can't beat a blowjob.
Cooked Hillary
He builds a wall around it.
One's a crusty bus station and the other's a busty crustacean. 
"Cooking: The Books"
(gotta love the classics) You can unscrew a light bulb
Sorry if that was not likeable and miserable,  Okay, I am going to stop before it gets too dark and too empty,
Discrimination
Vidi, Vici, Veni.
Fi-Dell
Customers.  I asked my friend this question and she said customers. I don't know why but I laughed pretty hard. I would have never thought of that but makes perfect sense. 
The Beavers are leaving DamNation by the hundreds.
Because the cops are Dublin the fines! (It took me a three hour car ride to come up with this... I am not a clever person)
It doesn't matter what you call him, he isn't coming.
Two up front, two in the back, and six million in the ash tray.
Shartnado.
Hand Solo
behind a badge 
A rookie.
A horde.
The GOP is pro-life.
Meat Patty
So that he didn't fall in the hot cocoa.
You're  !
The blonde, because she's 18.
The plot was a bit scattered.
I spy.
The bucket
Summer, they like it before it's cool
Because of the implication.
Its sweeping the nation
Because he kept on rubbing the wrong lamp.
Because it was "bleat"ing... 
Attire
Because they knee grows.. 
It's completely ruined our 10 year anniversary
Just kitten
They couldn't find three wise men or a virgin.
Because he was Haydn
I want my Nickleback....
The human one.
It's called tender 
Pilot. You racist fuck.
Hillary Clinton is so bad, she has a pantsuit made out of Ed Gein.
The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent. 
A problem. What do you call when 3 terrorists are on the moon? A problem. What do you call when all the terrorists are on the moon? A solution.
A spear has a point!
Because she had a cavity that needs filling!
Dat bout
"I'm not Willie Nelson."
A baked potato
Tchaikovsky's  .
Just one, but first the tire really has to want to change. 
It is the language of Wales.
He did it single-handedly.
They didn't have any chemistry. 
Christian Bale
Make him run a lap then do 10 push-ups and sit-ups
Probably
Nothing. They both manage to stay popular despite a whole load of crap.
It was a dais-aster.
Two cannibals giving each other blowjobs. 
It keeps getting agitated
¡Diez mio!
Have you seen Finding Dory?
The-Odor-e Roosevelt.
He had no guts!
They have no idea where home is.
They don't fucking listen!!
During sex it's fun to choose between asshole and cunt.
Oedipal Arrangements
To render the Building on the other Side
I think it would still be a dog...
They both look good until they hit the ice.
...Au revoir poo poo
He sure as shit wasn't gonna get it for singing.
A co-operating system.
The other half
When you reach around it feels like you went all the way through. 
I don't know but it's not rhelephant. 
You let the pit bull finish.
If the head's too big on your beer, you can blow it off.
It was a little chile!!
A cannibull..ha..ha..?
It cost an arm and a leg
Aboot
Shit floats.
I dont know but it would be Hillary Us.
Because he's a clown!  Buh bum tis
Donald J. Trump
Higher than you would think, the structural integrity of a well laid concrete floor renders it virtually indestructible towards an incoming egg, even at terminal velocity.
He fell into a korma
To bring it back to samsung, you racist.
SpARGHetti
You have to hold on to something, when the shit hits the fan. ;->
Because if they didn't they'd fall over.
Burnt nose hair.
French flys
Jesus can make them both wine.
Because he overcame the dark side
Because you get   ate more
He got off on a technicality.
A choker.
Because it is aLOAN
Let's bond!
. Everything there is recycled, including this post.
Because he loved Dogs and he had two sons named Plato and Socrates
Bet on it.
"Hard R! HARD R!" 
Owens can finish a race.
the snowBALLS﻿
The rice will then attract Asians who can repair it for you.
Guurrhggrgrh
You're screwed if the rubber breaks.
Yogi
4, but 2 have bomb straps.
Just... the person responsible for making those decisions...
HARAM BAE
What you do to one side, you must also do to your mother
Eric Clapton wouldn't let a kilo fall out of a window 
Blitz it and quit it.
They both exaggerate the length.
Yes, I know it's Yom Kippur. But McDonalds is fast food.
Grape!
A presi  debate.
The shit-flinging monkey has better hair.
PATIENT: I wanted to surprise the bacteria by Surgical Attack.
I guess you can say that they are in short supply these days.
The tainted presidential election.
"Screw is such a harsh word, M'Lightbulb. I have too much respect for lamps to use it." <Tips fedora>
It was a trend a while back to promote awareness for breast cancer. I'm just glad a similar stunt wasn't pulled for prostate cancer.
One is a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean.
No idea :)
None. Its already lit, fam.
His Reich hand man
Leader.
The chain is too long.
Triggernometry.
A row bot.
Charm-ander
Homeless 
America.
College tuition 
With any luck, right after it finishes college.
Ouch
Hard eh.
Because they were set in stone.
He Freudian slipped.
Because Jericho wants to break the walls down
They went down the drain. 
A sunchoke.
He was too far out, man.
Their personality.
The soviet Onion
Stick it in microwave and turn it on until it's Bill Withers. 
Achilles:   
Beat it. We're closed.
For Hispanic attacks.
They pump kin.
Take some ordinary water and boil the hell out of it
One of the clouds in the background is blowing another one. 
Osama Bin Liftin 
A chicken sedan.
They both have to smell it, but neither of them can eat it
One of them is a rape apologist who'd sell out the country for a cheap buck, the other one is Donald Trump. 
Put a scratch n' sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool.
After taking Notes, they realized their was no way they could sell the Fire.
Donald Trump thinks a clean personal server is a showered Mexican.
'Cause I heard that you can't have any pudding unless you eat your meat.
Chuz
To exchange its Samsung Note 7 before it exploded and get turned into fried chicken.  
Because it's easier than running from Law Enforcement. 
Please weight a second.
One of you is a sick duck, and I forget the rest, but your mother's a whore!
You hit rock bottom!
Because it's dead.
the tyranno-sorest rex
729271
Because her pee is silent. 
You gotta catch Jamal
Nobody knows.
Thought of this one on my own while playing WoW a couple days ago and I'm pretty sure it hasn't been told before. I  like corny jokes. I Googled it and didn't find anything (:
..... Tempermint
There's twenty of them
Literally dozens.
It's very refreshing
A metronome!
Polo
It depends on how thinly you slice them. 
Cheesus
I'll beheading out now. 
Cuz you're a 10/10
Sue-per Man
Tequila.
Half of London 
Dead kittens.  Can't get a pitchfork into the bricks.
So am I. It was kinda funny the first time but now they're just annoying.
Because amazon and chill has 1 day delivery.
Cause you're 10/10. 
Because you're 10/10
A nuclear family
A dandy lion.
How many "friend zoned" guys does it take to change a light bulb? None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.
Synthia 
Because 7 explodes.
A U.S. Marine Colonel was about to start the morning briefing to his staff. While waiting for the coffee machine to finish its brewing, the colonel decided to pose a question to all assembled. He explained that his wife had been a bit frisky the night before and he failed to get his usual amount of sound sleep. He posed the question of just how much of sex was "work" and how much of it was "pleasure?" A Major chimed in with 25-75% in favor of work . A Captain said it was 50-50%. A lieutenant responded with 25-75% in favor of pleasure , depending upon his state of inebriation at the time. There being no consensus, the colonel turned to the PFC (Private First Class) who was in charge of making the coffee. What was HIS opinion? Without any hesitation, the young PFC responded, "Sir, it has to be 100% pleasure." The colonel was surprised and, as you might guess, asked why. "Well, sir, if there was any work involved, the officers would have me doing it for them."
Your Holiness.
They are both dead...
Probably not, it didn't last very long, it was only a fad.
Menace-Soda.
Im here for the boos. 
All of them
Pregnant 
America
Decomposing
Gulag to you too.
A New Yorker takes the A train; a Canadian takes the train, eh.
His Samsung Galaxy had a premature detonation.
None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.
I beat both of them for fun.
Because they are already covered.
Because God planned on giving him his first tablets then.  The mistake? They were Samsung Galaxy Note tablets.
American dyslexia association.
With shear willpower
Alien vs. Predator 
Keemstar
Kevin still doesn't know.
Let's get sheet-faced!
Apparently more than 40, because my basement's still dark
She counts the legs, and divides by 4. 
You skip the punchline.
The doctor had to heal-ium.
A butthurtfly 
A crustasian
A feminist 
All the Mexicans have car insurance.
A man walked into a cowboy bar and ordered a beer just as Donald Trump came on the TV. After a few sips he looked up at the screen and mumbled, "Now there's the biggest horse's ass I've ever seen." Immediately, a customer at the end of the bar got up, walked over, decked him, and left. A few minutes later, the man was finishing his beer when Hillary Clinton appeared on the TV. "She's a horse's ass too," he said. A customer from the other end of the bar got up, walked over, and knocked him off his stool. "Damnit!" the man said, climbing back up to the bar. "Don't tell me this is Gary Johnson country!" "Nope," the bartender replied. "Horse country!"
His ears.
I just haven't come across a well paying spermbank yet.
Its both not that bad, you just shouldnt look down.
One snatches your watch the other watches your snatch.
Weed out only the best suppliers
My ass! (For all you Kung pow lovers out there)
The higher they are, the more spaced out they get
Two cannibals giving each other a blow job.
Polish remover
Boy: A push
Because you're super annoying and wont shut the fuck up.
Crash Bandicoot God I miss this guy.
Because I want to know why you are so racist for clicking on this.
Totake partinthe second debate.
A dicktator!
Some poor sap's gonna lose a trailer.
Supergirl has good fundamentals and great passes but she can't dunk.
A veteran-aryan
A major difference. 
The hooker, because she can wash her crack and sell it again
I drink because I am.
he burned his lips on the exhaust pipe
Q: Does an elephant ever forget? A: Only if you loan him money.
A meowntain.
Being in many states and seen on all types of media is how they run for president. 
So do I, guy was Sketchy as hell. 
Practicing
The current choices America has for the job of president. 
In 2015 humans consumed 65 million tons of bananas and only 8 monkeys.
The current US presidential election
A she, no doubt, because it won‘t let you finish your sentence without suggesting other ideas. (no offence to ladies) 
Either Saturday or Sunday, because all others are week days.
Because it's the only way she'll ever get near a medium.
Look a bit to the right.
Because they don't like Dick's.
Because they're 96% water
My boys drive me to drink, but women drive me to drink.
The grip.
Write in The Pussy
For Hispanic attacks
Because he wanted to wake up oily.
Get under another one
I noticed that on a couple of posts nearly every single comment was below threshold. Was that a thing that just... happened? Or are people from 4chan or something brigading us?
They're afraid of drowning in a Fjord.
Illiterate Edit: like il-lit-erate
They always have a big bill!
Duck doesn't deny the Armenian Genocide.
Neither of them has anything going on below the waist.
[Removed]
A Dell
Because it wanted to be a little boulder.
Because he didn't habanero.
She kept popping out of bed
You don't have electricians that are colour blind! 
Well... Fuck.
Because Russia was Stalin
He had too much thyme on his hands.
You put it in your shoe and it makes you limp.
It wasn't born yesterday. 
Ow, my kidney!
Kingdom come
Two fellows are catching up over a pint.  Neither one of them are in the best of shape.  The older fellow says, "Well now that you've been married a few years, how is the sex life?" The younger fellow says, "The wife calls me Vin Diesel when we are in the sack." The older fellow looks him up and down, thinks for a minute, scratches his chin, and replies, "I'm not seeing the connection." The younger one sits straight with pride, "Because when we are getting busy, she says I'm fast and furious!"
Because its Na.
In the unconscious state
A half-ton pickup.
Ronald McDonald
Botswana kill you
With an ithberg
Oral will make your whole day, Anal will make your hole weak
Cha Ching
Someone who knocks on your door and tells YOU to fuck off.
It's called: "To Catch a President".
To see how high Mexicans can jump
Pro-shooto
By having sex...  First come first serve
Make me one with everything
Thor
Nobody knows!
It slit.
It's too time consuming.
You get chased if you have a star
It turned into a field
New York Jets
About halfway
You use a cow-culator. Or you round them up. Or any other method the commenters want.
Because in the interview they answered every question with "sea senor"
Blizzards. 
Oh, what a relief! 
A Sasha Fierce!
A Fit!!!!!!!!!!
Financial Ayyyyyyd I'll
A sass-squatch.
Litmus
He was feeling ruff.
One makes your whole week, the other makes your hole weak.
It lost its porpoise. 
Redneck: 'That's nascar ye got there."
Since they run away from lions , but he nearest village is 10km away.....
Hebrews coffee
Ubisoft.
It was tired of working in a dead end field.
You take your boots off before you jump on a trampoline. 
Because hijab his wife, but nobody cared.
They're knee grows.
They're calling it the Great Drain Robbery
Because it wasn't the droid he was looking for!
They're straight fire Wanna hear s'more? I deal crackers by the graham
Well plaid.
It was the knight time
(Paste unoriginal joke here)
I'm working on it.
Romeow
Allah Be Back. 
Forget about it.
Prostate
No? Would you like to buy some?
He fell from the guard tower.
Q: Why do accountants make good lovers?  A: They're great with figures.
Because she didn't want to wake the sleeping pills.
They get arrested when they make something disappear.
A camera has photos and a foot has five toes. (Told to me by a 9 year old child I work with)
Americas already got two running for president.
Dind Dong
A white car drives through mud.
You come home to find your math homework was done, your computer was upgraded, and they're still trying to back down the driveway.
It's totally legal and not creepy you sick weirdos. 
"Don't worry, I'm just amounting.
Christian Bale Hah
Getting locked inside a walk-in freezer
Because they don't like random people knocking on their doors
When the punchline becomes apparent.
It's gonna take me a while to get hard, I just got laid by some chick. 
Ct-hulu
12 inches
Go over to the corner, it's 90 degress
'cause he had shit to do.
Sam played in the mud. Want to hear a clean joke? Sam took a bath with Bubbles. Want to hear another dirty joke? Bubbles is the girl next door. Enjoy this middle school level joke I suddenly remembered for some reason. 
Ground Beef
Medicine ... runs off ...
Because black laughs matter
Ardunno
It's a hot new trend.
A cat has claws at the end of its paws. A complex sentence has a pause at the end of its clause.
A.... GYROScope
.... I used to love tractors 
You'd be red too if you had 8 periods a day.
The dishes!
Because you only comes one a year and its down a chimney!
cuz air is free
Because oxygen is free
What’s the last thing that goes thru a bug’s mind as he hits the windshield? His butt.
Oh dear, it seems I'm shirt on clothes.
Why did the policeman smell bad? He was on duty.
The Nintendo Wii-Tard 
They both have the same middle name.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Fred Astaire's finger.
Mediogre.
Ground beef
Because they are ugly and they stink.
Gets jalapeno business!
Free pork.
Kick his sister in the chin.
Crib death.
With an itheberg
No gain no pain.
hiSPAMic
Because he had Green Acres!

Chicken Caesar salad.
A rare medium well done. 
Because Oct31 = Dec25
He was up all night to Get Loki.
Because the spider spied'er. (SFW)
They both have handlebars! Well.. Except for the grapes..
Yeah. And?
He had  -ity!
Walking. 
He worked it out with a pencil.
They're making headlines...
They can never have Cubs! 
A suicide vest will blow you
Their Chopin Liszt 
The gun gets triggered.
Because there's more birds in it.
Because BB8
Ask if they want to-mate-O.
Their victims never see them coming.
None because feminist can't change anything.
Through the chest plate.
They don't get better with age 
banana is yellow,dynamite is red
Stark industries has actually turned a profit
Sexual harassment. What is it when a woman talks nasty to a man?  $3.99 a minute
Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame bunny? The tame way.
They can only get up to two humps
They Pump Kin.
He kisses his mother with that mouth.
Timing
It was from all the cross-training...
Message me, and we can beat it together
Barackoli (I'm sorry I'll leave now...)
Salut!
You can negotiate with a terrorist.
Had makeup sex
They turn it over.
"Yes, thanks, but I'm still a little horse."
Because their knee grows.
Cher nob'll fall out.
Well, the flag is a big plus.
Lawrence Elk
If you throw a boomerang correctly, it will come back...
Owlnderwater
They are always going the Wong way.
There's plenty of Mexicans to shoot too. Yeah I'm going to hell for that one.
Nothing, you already told 'em twice.
A cow with a cold.
Excuse the question mark, "How Long" is in fact a china man.
Both are intended for children, but it's the Dads who end up playing with them most.
Iran
With an unlocked kitchen door
an Astronaut you Racist
My name is Paul.
"Hey little kid!  Want to buy some candy?"
The Mediterranean Sea 
In HD.
Because he took the stairs.
Zero
"Son, it's better to knock her out than to knock her up!"
With clickbait, of course!
They ones that go viral. I'll see my self out. 
yea-mon
A graduated cylinder.
He didn't habanero
Aye Matey
You don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
Sugar is on the lips. :-)
Because it was soda-pressing
Two, too
Polly want a Cracker. 
Aleppo suction.
Cover me, I'm going in
One's a digit divisible by two, the other is a prime number.
Santa Clown
Because he didn't habanero
They both get stitches 
Because the postal service assumes items being shipped are male.
Because in the animal kingdom 6 inches just wont do
They baguette.
Pokemon Went.
A cat has claws at the end of its paws and a comma is a pause at the end of a clause.
When the punchline becomes apparent.
I told her that drinks were on the house
Tyrannosaurus Ex
Well then it's getting my vote! 
You go for the juggler.
Directions on toilet paper. What’s dumber than that? Reading them. Even dumber? Reading them and learning something. Dumbest of all? Reading them and having to correct something you’ve been doing wrong.
No whey José.
the LIVING room
Wasist das! (Dass; an outhouse)
Mark 
It was Lufthansa plane
Have you ever pulled apart a grilled cheese sandwich?
Never mind. I shouldn't spread it.
Six, Six Spaces
An investigator!
One day he walked into a bar and began to talk to the bartender. He reached into his bag and pulled out a little man, he reached back into his bag and pulled out a miniature Grand piano and Piano bench.  He set the little guy on the bar and he began to play heavenly music. The bartender was amazed! He said, "Where did you meet this little guy?" The man said I have a genie lamp but she only grants 1 wish. You can have it if you want. So the bartender took the lamp. The two departed and didnt see each other for several months. When the man returned to the bar he was confused because there were ducks everywhere! (Dead on the street, on the roof, everywhere for a mile) He walked into the bar and the bartender turns to him and says, "Your genie is a deaf piece of shit, I wished for a million bucks!" The man replies, "I know, you think I wished for a 12 inch Pianist?"
Because they can't see.
A castle
There's no jack 
Nothing, you already told her twice.
It's cumming tortoise 
Oral tradition
For being out standing in his field.
David Buoy
Welp. You dim sum, you lose some
"Sir" from a distance.
He really made a spectacle of himself.
Sorry mates Im out of babes (its a linguistic joke)
A Doctor.
Fapjacks!
Periodic acid.
A "subreddit"
He got down on one knee and said, "I don't wanna be Obama self."
Justice isn't always black and white
The police are looking into it.
At noon because they take LAUNCH.
He wiped his bum.
Time to get a watch😂😂😂😂😂
"It's never to late to get an abortion."
Because if in Spanish, "Santo" or "San" is used for male saints... (San Francisco, San Diego) And "Santa" is used for female saints... (Santa Monica, Santa Barbara) Wouldn't that make Santa Claus transsexual?
Said Kim's robber.
It doesn't matter.  He'll never come to you.
Neither makes noise when pulling out.
WOULD YOU LIKE TO BUY SOME CHOCOLATE?!
A chauvinistic pig.
He went back to square one....
They stole her diamonds and gold but left her with a pearl necklace.
Excellent service. 
Because they're cyan.
There is correction fluid on screen.
We wanted her booty!
P and O.
That's your common sense leaving your body.
Moby is just named Dick but Trump is an actual dick. 
You don't have to look far to find something to beat the user of one in the head. 
By his name
Beez Nuts!
They say he was milking it.
It will crack you up I'll just go now
They'll get stoned. (Ba-dum tss)
Moo!
TL;DR
A sumo wrestler shaves his legs.
Because it's bipolar
Depends on how hard you throw them 
A Homo-sectional
I'd best be leafing. 
Because his wife left him.
Tenants. 
Reddiquette
Because she's a woman
A Durantula. 
Because it was soda pressing.
...  when it's ajar.
"Pair o' Dice Lost"
They blow themselves up!
The white ones are usually pretty pointless
Paint it, black!
Ovary-Z
What a shame. He had so much potential.
Because 7 was a registered six offender... that's not a laughing matter... 
the holocaust
Molasses
A Pair!
Go to Auschwitz with a dust pan
They each got 6 months.
An omniwhore
one guest
Throw a tin of beans in there ..... How do you get them back out of it? Run past with the tin opener .....
...because she didn't have any arms. Knock knock. (Who's there?) ...not Sarah.
Buy high sell higher.
It is: sitting in d exam hall, holding d question paper in hand n tellin ur self “dude, dntg worry. Exams wilg get postponed!
AMERICA!
Race car noises. When do we want them? Neoooooooooooooooooooooow
Disoriented. 
To beat the crowd.
Question: What's the difference between Joan of Arc and a canoe? Answer: One is Maid of Orleans and the other is made of wood.
They both make bad hunters. 
Because everything that stays there just ends up dying. 
Dam!
"They remember"
"Hey there's 20 letters in the alphabet right?" "Umm, actually there's 26." "Oh, I forgot U R A Q T." "That's sweet, but you're missing a letter." "Oh don't worry, you'll get the D later."
Lettuce alone and no dressing. Picked from the Stephen Colbert show.
He needed to work on his delivery.
He waited
Because his pythons were sick
A lot of good you are . (the joke is that the paint can is empty)
Because he couldn't Bear children. 
Tough getting by these days .
He woks.
A transparency review.
Challah!
Thank god I am not an African kid.
Leave it out in the sun until its Bill Withers 
All Apologies 
Seizure salad. 
It's hard to say.
If you have a star, you are getting chased.
Nacho chips
One plays with an electric guitar, the other a-cue-stick.
In a factory.
Probably Earth, but if he's into colonizing other planets, maybe Mars.
Shoot to spill.
A Baked Potato.
Jew jitsu
Because he saw the gas bill (Thanks nofx)
Because there is no Jack in iPhone 7.
They're both myths.  EDIT: spelling
They love trouter space!
There was a frog in her throat. 
Neil Armstrong walked ON the moon, and Michael Jackson had sex with kids. 
They both barely cover the asshole.
The Hight-T department
A skeleton masturbating in a biscuit tin 
The cop
One's a sick duck, and I forget how the rest goes but your mother is a whore. -"Sean Connery" Edit: For those who don't know, this was Darrell Hammond impersonating Sean Connery on SNL for a skit called Celebrity Jeopardy; Will Farrell palyed Alex Trebeck. Darrell Hammond as Sean Connery would constantly insult Will Farrell as Alex Trebeck.
The runway
NOT MOVIES
Snow tires don't sing when you put their chains on.
When the color of the license plates start to change. 
7, after I destroy Uranus. 
Shit questions.
“Do these genes make me look fat?”
BA-NA-NA-NAAAAAA!
All they said was, “Bach, Bach, Bach …”
Americans.
They can't croco-dial the phones.
Hick-fil-a
Strawberries. 
A receding hairline 
Amanda Tory
A Minor.
Some blame it on the conductor.
So they can do math
Egypt 8 ..  Ethiopia didn't
I'm not feline too good. 
It is collapsible 
A Boom Boom mic
Poke him in the eye 
Because she prefers to drive stick!
The meal would fallout of flavor.
To render the other side.
Dark humor... I hate it when black people tell jokes.
I was just asking if you'd heard it.  I'm not gonna tell it, I want to live.
To L'Hopital. 
Throw one cigarette off the boat and the whole boat becomes a cigarette lighter.
Hilarious Trumpet
Not cancer, but my relationship that just ended today!
Darude Sandstorm.
Furnancial Aid
A flat miner
Ubermensch
The wheelchair...
Because he was a Christian. Have a good day.
You can't jelly someone into a wood chipper.  
A drummer!!!!!
It's not the end of the world 
Where deleting history has become more important than making it.
Gluteny
A palindromedary.
A substantial amount, you fucking morons. 
There's 20 of them!
Threw his baby out the window.
Gang Rape. 
I don't have a milion dollars. 
Because it might lead to dancing.
It stars Harrison Fjord.
Because they're ugly and they stink
Mosquitoes
Crimea a river
Turn signals 
Neither have they.
The drummer.
Because, Master Wayne, some men just want to watch the world burn.
Zackrebleu!
Jewet  :D 
They're making headlines
A pizza can feed a family of four
A Deli. 
Haram-bae
Eagle
Porn.
A beverage.
The Pope-tato
Dam.
A dead baby doesn't harm the atmosphere when you burn it.
Because we turn them on.  / /
It kept going.  No brakes.  :(
None, because they can't climb the ladder.
Because they are dead. 
I think they are Sofishticated. I'll show myself out.
Ballhalla
A doctor you racist.
His reflection.
It's 8:00 somewhere!
 elephino.
The Wheelchair.
Because they're curious and want to learn. And that's why you don't see many black scientists.
A Jew drops a coin onto the floor
Their knee grows.
Tacos.
Because they're not garbage collectors.
You are the wurst. 
Because she had no arms. Knock Knock  Who's there? Not Sally :)
Q: What does the Bermuda Triangle and blondes have in common? A: They’ve both swallowed a lot of semen.
An impasta!
Lukewarm
They have nerves of steal.
Because he was hydra-phobic.
One's covered in soap bubbles, while the other's covered in Pope stubbles.
Santa
Because he doesn't have toupeé. 
Roll up her sleeve...
Because she's an upgrade to that hoe you had earlier. 
Pregnant
bach bach bach time to return to 
It's pretty time consuming. I'll escort myself out now.
Triggered Treat
He kept pushing her around.
Because he didn't Mufasta..
Because 7 caught on fire.
One steppe at a time.
Gazpacho
Jean-Luc Picardio
BOOOOOZE
So he could mufasa.
Hebrews it. I'm serious! That Israeli how he does it!
Charlotte, NC
Because I might vote for it.
Man: Can I Have SEX with my Pregnant Wife? Doc: Yes 3 Mnths Normal Next 3 Like Dog Last 3 Like Wolf? Man: How Does Wolf Do? Doc: Sleep near the Hole & Cry.
You're just going to have to be a little patient.
Because 7 kneeled during the National Anthem.
NO MATTER WHERE YOU GO...there you are
He would continue to be a state-sponsored terrorist whose actions disgrace us all. 
Because they’re really, really good at it.
69.
The stairs.
At some point in it’s life, a baby will grow up and stop crying.
The chicken crossed it.
Because they get a kick out of it
Mourning Sickness.
Because the land didn't wave back. 
Because of all the Cheetahs!
HEY YOU TRYIN' TO PISS ME OFF?
Because they push back nicely 
He got off at every stop.
Because they're playing on console.
They both used to have Les (less) Miles!
Waiting for him to show up.
Ya me neither.
A pair of ankles
I don't know, I just fly the drones
I thought they only drive automatic
A neck romancer.  
Vienerslidein 
Homogeneous. Heeeeeey math jokes!
Haram Bae
Hose.
Ukraine: I don't know Russia why? Russia: To rescue oppressed Russian minority 
Wife: I'd take half and leave. Husband: Well here's $6 and you can start packing anytime now.
I really need to know
Youd think itd be rrrrr but tis the sea.
A snail boat
It got hit by a truck
"Oh get a womb"
Because she had a frog in her throat. 
A bum fuck.
Jailbreak
One. He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
Beer nuts are a dollar fifty. Deer nuts are always under a buck...  I'll see myself out now.
Yeah...  Nobody else did either...
Why did Hitler commit suicide? Because he saw his gas bill.
"a small loan of a million dollars"
She had two mennonite that drove her buggy
American.
Tiger Woods hasn't hit as many balls.
HAEY, obviously.
Snowballs.
We Americans
One, he holds up the bulb and the world revolves around him 
Nah... I won't tell you. It's too a-maize-ing.
Kathmandu.
A miscarriage! This joke never gets old, just like the baby!
One said " can you smell gas?" "Very funny" said the other, "You know I can't even smell my own  name!"
The USA
Because there is no end to that prick.
Piece of cake
The Salsa
A labracadabrador
Where's my tractor?
He's forever Russian around, Czeching that everything gets Polished
Beef-jerky.
America.
Cancer. 
My 10 year old son is very good with computers. --Donald trump 
"yeah, i bettar cach it" "Okay sir, I want you to step out of the car and walk a straight line."
They both hate been stabbed
Turns out it   possible to have a worse moderator than the team over  at  !
Toastyyy!
A knife has a point.
About 3 million. But they would all have to be Trump supporters.
Kid: Mom's last name must be "Darling" because that's what Daddy calls her every time.... Teacher: That's so sweet. What's her first name then? Kid: I think it's "Sorry"....
Battery

I never had a dad to tell me any.
Two.
Mr. Bigger's baby, because he's just a little Bigger.
Because it had no porpoise in life. 
A Scott tis a lad that can play the pipes. The Scotch is what makes it so that he canna.
One's a crazy heron, the other's a hairy Craisin.      
None. cmon , they'd much rather be kept in the dark.
Strap a steak to the ceiling
The game where players make enough money to risk getting brain damage, or the debate where the players already have brain damage?
A real pain in the ass.
Shit, i don't know. 
Police say they're looking for a small medium at large.
HAAAAAAAAAAAND EYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Because he's always horny.
Icy Dead People.
Because he broke the "No Eating In The Rooms" rule.
Finding a stack of dads playboys in the basement
So that they can get closer to the sink.
it's non of your bussniess()!
The gas bill was too high.
He got 6 under
You tell your Wife, "I saw a lady, looked exactly like you" Wife asks, "WAS SHE BEAUTIFUL?" You cant say 'NO' You cant say 'YES' That is Checkmate!
It's genetics.
With a dustpan in Auschwitz.
It was all over the tabloids
If he ate one more, it would be too farty!
Watts the difference!
it was repossessed 
It's not all it's cracked up to be. 
Because he could.
He wanted to be with his family.
I couldn't raise them
Nobody knows.It's a well kept seacret.
WELL THEN GO CATCH IT!
decomposing
Carlos
To say Hello from the other side. I called you a million times.
Brown recluse.
Nothing to see here
Because at one point, she was infidel. Ok ill leave now
"Hola Amoebas!"
At least with a 69'er you see the cunt coming.
Misdirection.
A kangaroupie.
Read the top comments....
An Edison
Borderlands.
"I literally can't even."
One wants to eat filthy american pigs, and the other wants to kill the filthy american pigs.
They don't believe in higher power.
They go off onto different tangents.
sniffum
Oops. Wrong name...
In a church you see pew, pew pew. In a mosque you hear pew pew pew.
They ran out of pitchers.
Indentured servitude.
To get to the other side.
1forrest1 
Jew-jitsu
They both like dick.
Hebrews it.
Not sure if either of them came once, but I know they haven't come a second time.
Bye Felucia
"Gosh, I could have had a V-8!
Marque
It had a bad driver
Mother: “How was school today, Daniel?” Daniel: “It was really great mum! Today we made explosives!” Mother: “Ooh, they do very fancy stuff with you these days. And what will you do at school tomorrow?” Daniel: “What school?”
The sequels are never as good as the originals.
You'd think it'd be the arr.  But it be the sea. 
Staple food to the ceiling
God
karma chameleon
P in front of it
To see how high Mexicans can jump
They didnt have any Jose to spray the water.
He became Sir Loin
In his sleevies.
America
They're writing their last will and testament.
Xanax, for Hispanic attacks.
Zombie.
Aesop story.
chloroform
Because they don't like change...
From a well, actually
her natalie 
Because women love digging up the past.
In the punchlines.
They're offal.
A 
You've got male.
You can eat strawberry jam.
Is that sexual harassment?
Attempted murder.
Eggs get laid and you don't.
She found another woman's lipstick on his knuckles.
Is that you coffin?
Word of mouth.
Sexually Frustrated 
Because her mom gave her money for lunch.  8 year old sister told me this joke, gave me a good laugh.
There are twenty of them
Play the national anthem 
Sonic the Swift Taylor
50 Shades of Earl Grey 
They wanted to go to the mooo....vies
Notice me 7pi!
Porcupines have pricks on the outside
CGI Friday's
Fritatas
FLASH... AAAHHHHHHHH. Its the language of the universe...
You kill his family 
Because he loves miso!
He sat in his own pew.
Madagascar
The Periodic Table of Elements.
In a mirror.
One is of them has a great leader! 
Q. How can you tell if a car is German? A. when a jew gets in it the doors lock and the heat turns on.
Offswitch.
I haven't had hard wood in 15 years.
My erection.
They both go off again two minutes later to remind me of the same thing. 
They both have 6 letters and can hold screaming children for 9 months!
Underwear. It just sits on its butt all day. 
No, whey man! (My first dad joke, im so proud!)
because Mace Windu nuffin
They're so cute together; apparently, it was love at first shite.
At some point in it’s life, a baby will grow up and stop crying.
In the mainstream 
Because 7 was black
Because the g is silent
A club sandwich.
A riposte.
Try being in marching band.
Apparently the salt shaker was arrested and charged with aggravated as-
RAM crackers
None. They can't change anything. 
Sing the nation anthem they will sit down
To suck dick for crack money.
They always quack the case
They only have sex with people who look up to them.
After all, Adam was ribbed for his own pleasure
He lost his patients
Because an apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Two friends meet together and one asks: What would you do if you won the lottery? -I would build a brothel! Oh, and if it went wrong and you loose money? -I'd open it to the public
A sturgeon.
Aye matey
A crip
Because they always use Explosion or Self Destruct on the first turn.
Dinner
Watermelon juice.
I'm a Ghana!
I'm Nacho Daddy.
Disaster Edit:  I'm just a poor meme farmer
Because AT&T has the best coverage
That's the spirit.
an impasta
In a lmaosine
It's In-tents
One... I mean, they aren't fucking retarded. 
"Uh-oh, spaghetti hoes!"
Anal sex with hemorrhoids.
Its car got toad away.
You're a fungi to be with

Santa goes down the chimney 
A: A tortilla ship!
They used to, but they all dried up.
He was just minding his Ps and Qs.
A submarine
His lips are moving. But how do you know when a cop is lying? His pen is moving.
well too bad! If you liked it, you should have put a RING on it.
Java -jar jar.jar
Haram bae
WALLnuts
Because every time i talk dirty to my wife she tells me to go to hell.
So they can hide in cherry trees.  Ever seen an elephant in a cherry tree?  Shows you it works then.  What's the loudest noise in the jungle?  Monkeys picking cherries.
You don't have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck. 
Society.
Queef Stroganoff
Because he kneaded a poo.
A polar bear
Human trafficking 
The steer. 
When he spots a tourist.
Therapists.
A bu-rock-ke
Skip to my loo.
Cinq. 
Because they never have any sandwiches. 
LMAO ZEDONG!
Wife : had ur lunch.? Husband : had ur lunch.? . Wife : i m asking you Husband : i m asking you . Wife : u copying me.? Husband : u copying me? . Wife : lets go shopping Husband : i had my lunch
A porcupine has the pricks on the outside!
They can't say no.
Juan (This probably has been posted earlier but is still funny 😂😂)
Make them suck dick
Indecent exposure. 
Lo Mein. See you all in hell.
Yoga Bear.
Tracy
[Removed]
Because it's inefficient!
Umami
The guy overpacked, and the photon is traveling light.
Because they transmit it after lunch.
He quit running. 
Because when you see it, you turn 360 degrees and walk away.
When you have to say, "Here comes the airplane!" when you want her to give you a bj.
"What do you mean what do I mean?" replied the man. He went on to explain "My son has half my genes, that makes him my half-son."  The woman he was talking to decided he was crazy and without replying walked past him. She looked back and noticed his neck was red, after all it was a sunny day.
Trick question, hermaphrodites don't have friends.
They are both trying to find their X and they don't know Y.
He worked it out with a pencil 
They have no  .
Sauerkraut.
Radical Islam
Cancer 
They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons
Because they're not used to getting Snowden. (I'll see myself out)
To be a little Bolder.
About half way
Because he only comes once a year and it's down a chimney.
Free Ballin - Foo Fighters
Trump wears more makeup. 
Craven-dale
Designated Drivers.
Chunky Monkies
You cant, the mountain climber is a scalar!
It needed to get it's fill o' mint.
The taste
Because their horns don't work.
Halloumi! 
If you're reading this, you don't.
"I'm afraid we don't know, but make my stipend tax-free, give my advisor $30k in taxpayer's money, and I'm sure he can tell me how to do the gruntwork for him so he can take the credit for answering this incredibly vital question." (I did not come up with this, I got it from  .)
You only need one nail to hang the picture
A Sandy Hook Survivor
One stood for something
I promise it's not a pyramid scheme. 
They can't find the key and don't know when to come in. 
me too
Well, it's not Z. 
Mother, “How was school today, Patrick?” Patrick, “It was really great mum! Today we made explosives!” Mother, “Ooh, they do very fancy stuff with you these days. And what will you do at school tomorrow?” Patrick, “What school?”
now.
It becomes a cigarette lighter!
Because they're rated 
Don't worry. He's all right now. 
Well, turns out one is not enough, but if you pair it, two can.
Run your thip into an ithberg
They're huge metal fans.
Triggered
Neither have I.
The baby, because she's a little bigger.
Three older couples were having afternoon tea.   The first husband turns to his wife and says, "Can you pass the honey, Honey?"   Not to be outdone, the second husband turns to his wife and says, "Can you pass the sugar, Sugar?" Feeling rather amorous, the third wife turns to her husband and asks, "George, why don't we call each other cute names?"   George turns to her and says, "Can you pass the tea, bag?"
YOUR MOM!!!
Asuh dude
Just the tip.
One is still dicking bimbos while the other was dicking still bimbos. 

De-Oder-Ant 
A brick
In case they run out of bullets.
One says, "Spit out your gum!" The other goes, "Choo Choo Choo"
Cuz they take all the green cards
How many Jews does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Three- one to pray for it to last longer, one to bake the bread, and one to bitch about the electric bill. How do news channels screw in a lightbulb? FOX blames the lightbulb breaking in the first place on the Muslims. CNN refuses to change it because it wants to conserve electricity. NBC cuts to a commercial right as it screws it in. CBS starts to screw it in, but changes its mind halfway through. BBC actually screws the damn thing in, but only after sacking a couple staff members. NPR doesn't even show up because it has better things to do than screw in a petty lightbulb. ABC isn't even good enough to try. How many atheists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None; they don't believe in changing the light. How many Valve employees does it take to change a lightbulb?   2
By scissoring.
Throw your dirty laundry in there with some detergent. 
It was an old habit of his.
They fired him because he didn't believe in labels. 
Well done.
An astronaut, you racist fuck.
consolidating
Because it's literally made of hide. *Ba Dum Tsss 
I hear he just comes outta nowhere!
She was also on the dashboard, the windscreen, the roadside...
The sex is the same, but the dishes start piling up.
Because they drink to much coughee.
Billy's Mom asked him, "Well, why aren't you studying, Billy? You have an exam tomorrow!" Billy said, "Because I've already Reddit thrice."
Banana cake!
Male fraud
Dad: "Can I see your report card, son?"  Son: "I don't have it."  Dad: "Why?"  Son: "I gave it to my friend. He wanted to scare his parents."
Wife: Do you want to tap us? Husband: Absolutely. Husband: Phew!, Nothing like a threesome.
Because if they were small, white, and smooth they'd be Asprin.
he forgot the safe word
They're called MOOOOse for a reason! 
I'll let my friend answer that one:
I reddit. 
The Nutty Professor
The back of my hand...
I don't know, i just fly the drone
An illumi-hotty!
"Get in the car."
A leperd
Well, last week was my birthday. My wife didn't wish me a happy birthday. My parents forgot and so did my kids. I went to work and even my colleagues didn't wish me a happy birthday. As I entered my office, my secretary said, "Happy birthday, boss!" I felt so special. She asked me out for lunch. After lunch, she invited me to her apartment. We went there and she said, "Do you mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute?" "Okay," I said. She came out 5 minutes later with a birthday cake, my wife, my parents, my kids, my friends, & my colleagues all yelling, "SURPRISE!!!" while I was waiting on the sofa... naked.
I can't pick, but their flag is a huge plus.
An El Niño
Me too, I like the saltyness
Zippos are heavy. A Bic is just a little lighter.
Inuit.
"I'm sorry baby, we just cantaloupe."
Double the prophet.
Fruit of the Womb
Captain D's Nutz
Nothing, they're both fowl play
She needed more concentration.
Because they needed too much concentration in camps.
With his bear hands!
the road kill has skid marks before it
The Prophet Muhammad.
You don't know cause you weren't there
A Buccaneer
All that hard Bork and nothing to show for it .
OCDC
Christian Bale.﻿
Nobody would name their band Pearl Jelly.
Hi dad!
Because I saw your mom on the corner yelling "Humphrey! Humphrey!"
Names.
Carry OK
Whittle by whittle.
Because her teacher told her to do an essay
Because he isn't real. 
Well, chiropodists like   jokes.  But opticians like them  .  
It depends. Are you inside or outside?
It was feeling  .
Boobs! Ok wait never mind they are the same.
Because it was making him moody.
three.  one to actually do it, one to complain that it has been done before, and another one to repost the said repost 
Harambait.
PooptyPong.
The close thing I came to having “ friends with benefits” was .......... convincing my friend to bring food for me daily.
Tequila Mockingbird
Target
Antique farm equipment. 
Its my nigger, I can paint him whatever color I want.
Fatty fatty boom boom
Shes so easy a cave man could do her. 
Because they're so white the can't dance.
He only got nailed by guys ;) 
Just be Jewish , live in 1940s Europe , and be willing to live a ghetto.
Get off me homes!
It scares their dogs too much
A prostitoot
Shit my time machine is broken again.
You would pay to have a potato on you...
When comcast puts them on hold and they don't hang up
A cup of decaf 
Husband.
A coniference. 
Aye Matey
If you’ve lost one and haven’t found it in a couple days, chances are it’s probably dead.
Because they're bad conductors.
I ran.
WRONG! They don't make it, they steal it...
Because It wasn't born yesterday.
It had a SPOILER on it.
A Hummusexual. 
Girl you sure are sweet.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh -  SMACK SMACK - aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
A suicide bomber.
Because 7 had a faulty battery and caused their house to burn down
A cuck has a girlfriend.
She was fishing for Steelhead Trout
A salad shooter.
A cocoon! 
They make a Daily Prophet.
Of course! A house can't jump after all.
A lick-a-lotta-puss  :)
That's why some people appear bright (until you hear them talk).
Drop him a line.
Because eventually, its cover would be blown.
One, except she doesn't change the lightbulb, she tells her husband to do it.
Stolen from other subreddit.
A minor
9/11 victims- 100 storeys in 10 seconds
An Elephant.
His name was Jack
Twerkey!
They vote. 
Genders
Just one buck. 
She can't make America great again.
Silicone valley
Neigh-bours.
There's 20 of them. don't get triggered, just a joke! Paedophilia is not funny
The toilet only has to take shit from one asshole at a time. . .
A dentist
They're both extra virgin.
He didn't want to get carpool tunnel syndrome.  
Because it has the Block Button.
What do you call a former member of ISIS? WASWAS
A midget's ego.
It's a rare medium well done.
They jacket
They did a colonoscopy and found out she had a brain tumor.
Nice ass.
Made out of bread was taken.
Toolsie!
Just kidding, feminists don't change shit.
Because Papyrus drinks plenty of milk.
Cellery.
Because they all have trans-sisters
None, they just beat up the room for being black.
Because you'd never be able to convince him to help the massive drug smuggling conspiracy that's shipping cocaine into his family's neighborhood.
Because God couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
[OC]
Racist
Seoul searching
Son: At school. The robot slaps the son. Son: Okay I was watching KungFu Panda! The robot slaps his son again.  Son: Okay I was watching violent movies!  Dad: What?! When I was your age I never watched those kinds of movies! The robot slaps the dad.  Mom: Haha, after all, he is your son. The robot slaps the mom...
Hebrews 
Because the servers are always steaming hot
It was a Naan issue
C P Arrr!
You tell me, I don't carrot all
"No idea, your Honor". 
A group of jellyfish is commonly referred to as "a group of jellyfish." 
When she’s on her period.
Applicant: Well that depends, what's the complaint? Interviewer: He's complaining that his burger had onions on it, even though he specifically asked they were to be removed. Applicant: Well I'd start by telling him he's in the retail section.
They're small arms dealers. 
Because 7 didn't have a removable battery and blew up in everybody's pocket
Da cow
Jesus. He went for the cross
She's trans-parent.
Reserection 
By seizing the means of reproduction. 
Yea they took the jack off
Every time you try to take inventory, you fall asleep.  
Indy-gestion  I'm sorry I'm a little drunk
A Minor
Nothing. She's fine.
Cancer.
It's the only way they can bring Trump steaks back. 
About ten minutes.
PIKA PIKA PIKA (Credit to my 5 year old son)
Their making headlines! (Thanks  )
She strips.
Broom Broom
The "L deuterino", if he wasn't into the whole brevity thing.
The store guard.
To buy another pair of AirPods. 
What do women and computers have in common?  You don't appreciate them until they go down on you.  
They both lost Jack.
Because when they come, they are wet and wild and when they leave they take your house and car with them. 
They both love clubbin'
For Hispanic attacks.
Because they find him very down to earth. 
Shoepremacy.
Mitosis.
A pedo-file.
Cause they say awoman.
Because he wanted to.
The Antagonist
Mount Rushmore
A boolean cube!
The prostitute can wash her crack and then use it again!
Call of Duty: Economic Warfare
CookEZ.
A labracadabrador
Cause there was a billion fucking chickens on the other side.
Whatever it is, it's heading straight towards the World Trade Center...
Just one to tell the three illegal immigrants he hired to do it.
They must be watch dogs. That's how they unwind.
Hillary Clinton's vagina.
You get kicked out of the petting zoo.
Urine for a treat!
Relative humidity
... Butthole blast.
The hookers have real orgasms and fake diamonds.
The blood shed.
They push buttons when they work the deck. Gf told me this one this morning, wants to know what you think
A northern fairytale begins "Once upon a time ..." A southern fairytale begins "Y'all ain't gonna believe this shit ..."
Hugh Bris
No eye deer
Row vs. Wade
Dwayne Johnson
Because he couldn't C#
Ding Dong
A curtain call. 
They both can smell it, but can't eat it
Congress.... Thank you George Carlin :)
She didn't see that well
Alzheimer and diarrhea. You run but you don't remember where.
Yo tengo Harambe.
Deportation.
Her name was Cindy she had a husband and 2 children 
I cut it in half 
A subwoofer.
Because he was always lost at C! [ I'm  ]
cause they never get old
because it was stuck in a crack
"Are you ticklish?"
A gun only has one trigger.
I DONT FUCKING KNOW THEY ARE TVS!
Because 11/9 just doesn't have the same ring to it.
Because he was a paw bearer.
Flip it upside down.
I've never had a lentil on my chest.
"I set WHO free?"
It was known for blowing up for no reason
Cos the sine said so!
Guess
Because they tend to be inside jokes.
They're not fussed, as long as it's full bodied.
Do you kids want to BUY some candy?  Hyuk hyuk hyuk. Credit to a very special lady. If the delivery was bad that's all me.
Krill Bream. 
A walk.
So they could beat the crowd. 
A Mississippi cup.
There's no point.
I want hue.

Patels. 
A Sweeping Generalization.
You
High Ho! High Ho! It's home from work I go!
They can't eat meat, but they can just destroy a fish's home for a glass of water? 
Because it's intense
General Wellbeing
Peach.
They're both cheap, fast, and if the rubber breaks, you're dead.
he checked meme out at 4:20. Said I have dope. Currently blazing it down the highway in his gr8 van. creddit 2 my m80
He was caught red handed. 
Tequila Mockingbird. 
Linoleum blownapart.
He woke up on a snow tire in Michigan.
Google, like everybody does.
Tally Hoes
Scooby-Doo doesn't have a dog.
I put the wrong socks on today. 
Squash
no? well then...
The screwing you get for the screwing you got!
Whoppaaah
"There are some who call me...Tim"
A fork
An ATM machine 
Because he had a Taipei personality.
Because people are dying to get in.
Little Seizures.
You can tuna piano but you can't piano tuna!
Between you and me, something smells.
Cuz i quarter-pounded her last night
It's a little bazaar.
Because it's more than a ceiling
She remembers them by their last names.
There's 2 grains of rice in the sink
It's a large fog in Italy
The Pilot.... you racist fucks
A white person wearing blackface with multiple stab wounds.
You can't! You don't know which witch is which!
Riposte.
Because they dont get assholes until they are married.  (Of course depending on what sex you are just change it accordingly)
He thlides into your DMth.
With a cowculator. 
It's called "Sheepless on Cialis".
The grass tickles their balls as they run. 
When a balloon pops - there's one less. When a condom pops - there's one more. Or more.
Because whenever She gets hot, he hits her with a shovel.
At least more than eight, the light in my basement still doesn't work...
Sweet Pee
...she goes to hell
You don't have to meet her father.
Two jews found the same penny.
Because they were force fed.
Because they have a fortune (four-chin)
They have so many Wing's and Wong's, they are afraid someone will Wing the Wong number. Heard this on the disney channel a long time ago will never forget it for that reason. Sorry if its a re post.
Because he kept getting nailed to the boards.
When she starts winning arguments with you inner-voice.
Life 
Little Seizures
Her algae bra.
They're calling it Schindler's Missed.
Schindler's lisp.
because im about to pick you up!
because he was out-standing in his field
No whip.
Bay-Con
only cat's can
She couldn't see that well
Do you even algae-bruh?
She found another woman's lipstick on his knuckles. 
People say he was half-nuts!
Not Apple Jacks
Apart from the Spelling?
because it's the scenter.
Anonymoose
Because Jack was bean stalked
handsfree
You planet!
Me: Baby, I was thinking about you so sending you  She: Thanks for Thinking
They're both cold upon delivery.
Little Caesars
"Congratulations! Your parents survived the genocide!"
Because it did not want to sink into the hot chocolate.
Weeding
Bobby
It's Victreebel if you go to a gym you will always get a victory with it.
Jack off
There is no room for Jack
A redneck's trigger actually does something
You burn some fagots Look up the definition before commenting/down voting...
Miss.Steak
Dr. Pokemon.
1080p
No tomatoes.
Cillary!
B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T V W Y Z Because Apple removed the AUX
I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face.
Stay in school and keep up with current affairs.
Farhfrumpoopin'.
A pouch potato. 
Foreskin. Budam tss 
Lots of practice laps.
It got flagged.
His dad responds, "realistically you've heard this joke before, potentially, you will hear it again".
Because he doesn't have arms. Knock knock. Who's there? Not Joey.
Congratulations to Sir Mon
A fruit roll up.
Nail a piece of meat to the ceiling
That's why I cant be a gynecologist.
The "P" is silent
Extra Innings!
She's Got The Jack
If so, then I am unemployed.
I'd rather spend that £2 on a condom to prevent a kid's life.
Patrick Fitzmichael and Michael Fitzpatrick
She was let down by a weak Constitution.
The New York Jets.
Nice log rhythms 
Not much. It just gave a little whine.
A man feared his wife wasn't hearing as well as she used to and he thought she might need a hearing aid. No quite sure how to approach her, he called the family doctor to discuss the problem. The doctor told him there is a simple informal test the husband could perform to give the doctor a better idea about her hearing loss. Here's what you do " said the doctor, "stand about 40 feet away from her, and in a normal conversational speaking tone see if she hears you. If not, go to 30 feet, then 20 feet, and so on until you get a response. That evening, the wife is in the kitchen cooking dinner, and he was in the den. He says to himself " I'm about 40 feet away, let's see what happens". Then in a normal tone he asks "Honey, what's for dinner?" No response So the husband moves to closer to the kitchen, about 30 feet from his wife and repeats, "Honey, what's for dinner?" Still no response. Next he moves into the dinning room where he is about 20 feet from his wife and asks " Honey, what's for dinner?" Again he gets no response so. He walks up to the kitchen door, about 10 feet away. "Honey, what's for dinner?" Again there is no response. So he walks right up behind her. "Honey, what's for dinner?" "Honey, for the FIFTH time I've said, CHICKEN!"
Because otherwise they'd be lizards.
Where you put the cucumber in
I'd say it's a little bit of both.
Sunni in the North Shiite in the South﻿.
Gingerbread. Edit: Here comes the downvote brigade, haha!
The commander said, "fire at will"...
Because it was haulin' oats.
Fort knockers!
Nothing, he was knocked out  .
Because they are bad at defending tower!
Whenever he had the energy, he didn't have the time.
A drummer.
Woops, thought this was 
Because either Project Hillary or Project Donald will become a success.
The headless whore's man
You weren't there, man!
She had a weast infection.
Two large plains. 
Because he left the school. 
Geordi La Forage
Because they don't believe in higher powers.
It was retarded
Muahahahamed Note: I don't have any prejudices against Islamic people.
Because they can't protect their towers.

Coz they really blow me away
Hillary Clinton's campaign. 
Dead baby in clowns costume.
Both collapsed on 9/11 after becoming overheated. 
It didn't hit the car's windshield.
It gets Camel-Towed.
Because there used to be 2 of them, but it's offensive to joke about that now.
1.6 billion people call him Muhammad.
Stand back! I don't know how big it's going to get!
Such number as may be deemed necessary to perform the stated task in a timely and efficient manner within the strictures of the following agreement. Whereas the party of the first part, who will be henceforth be addressed as 'the lawyers' and the party of the second part, henceforth addressed as 'the light bulb' do hereby agree to a transaction wherein the party of the second part (light bulb) shall be removed from the current position as a result of failure to perform previously agreed upon duties, i.e. the lighting, elucidation, and otherwise illumination of the area ranging from the front (North) door, through the entryway, terminating at an area just through the primary living area, demarcated by the beginning of the carpet, any spillover illumination being at the option of the party of the second part (light bulb) and not required by the aforementioned agreement between the parties. The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not be limited to, the following steps: The party of the first part (lawyer) shall, with or without elevation at his option, by means of a chair, step stool, ladder or any other means of elevation, grasp the party of the second part (light bulb) and rotate the party of the second part (light bulb) in a counter clockwise direction, said direction being non-negotiable. Said grasping and rotation of the party of the second part (light bulb) shall be undertaken by the party of the first part (lawyer) to maintain the structural integrity of the party of the second part (light bulb), notwithstanding the aforementioned failure of the party of the second part (light bulb) to perform the customary and agreed upon duties. The foregoing notwithstanding, however, both parties stipulate that structural failure of the party of the second part (light bulb) may be incidental to the aforementioned failure to perform and in such case the party of the first part (lawyer) shall be held blameless for such structural failure insofar as the non-negotiable directional codicil (counter-clockwise) is observed by the party of the first part (lawyer) throughout. Upon reaching a point where the party of the second part (light bulb) becomes separated from the party of the third part ('receptacle'), the party of the first part shall have the option of disposing of the party of the second part (light bulb) in a manner consistent with all applicable state, local, and federal statutes. Once separation and disposal have been achieved, the party of the first part (lawyer) shall have the option of beginning the installation of the party of the fourth part ('new light bulb'). This installation shall occur in a manner consistent with the reverse procedures described in step one of this self-same document, being careful to note that the rotation should occur in a clockwise direction, said direction also being non-negotiable and only until the party of the fourth part (new light bulb) becomes snug in the party of the third part (receptacle) and in fact actually becomes the party of the second part (light bulb). NB: The above described steps may be performed, at the option of the party of the first part (lawyer), by said party of the first part (lawyer), or by his or her heirs and assigns, or by any and all persons authorized by him or her to do so with the objective being to produce a level of illumination in the immediate vicinity of the aforementioned front (North) door consistent with maximization of ingress and revenue for the party of the fifth part, also known as 'The Firm'.
"It's straight ahead, just   my finger".
Usain Bolti.
You can write on both of them with a No. 2
A child born in Chernobyl, duh.
Tienanmen squared
Osama Being Laden
Tony. :)
Their ankles. 
They get erekt.
You stop milking a cow after 10 years
They can go through 94 stories in seconds!
Pod people.
Because a vibrator can't mow the lawn.
Everyone misses Harambe.
Because he couldn't find the Droid he was looking for.
A "Roman" Catholic
Anyway, I lost my job as a gynaecologist today.
Reddit already. Downvote. 
Cardinal arrest!
I enjoy dark humour. Yes, this was both a rapist and racial joke.
It wasn’t. Numbers are not sentient and thus incapable of feeling fear.
They go to the polls and vote.
I don’t know and I don’t care.
Dolphinately 
"Hands up"
"Hit the Road Jack"
Ten ants (Tenants)
Virgin mobile!
Because these taste pretty fucking great. EDIT: I'm getting downvoted but figure this is the reddit algorithm! cheeky cunts
A tourist.
Because the best you can get is bronze.
His plates.  -Jude; My five-year-old son
They were overreacting.
Applicant: Well I often perform at local hubs doing stand up comedy. Interviewer: Really? Do you write your own material? Applicant: Not really, I just copy quotes from the US elections.
It drove the audience bananas!
ESPÑOL
Add a nipple.
Nuuks.
I don't care! I'm fuckin' rich!
A boy fell in a mud puddle. Wanna hear a clean joke? The boy took a bath. Wanna hear another clean joke? The boy took a bath with bubbles. Wanna hear another dirty joke? Bubbles was his step-dad.
I heard he was hammered
I can see your Knob Simple yet effective 
To beat the crowd.
Because they always take things, literally.
In case one dozen come out right.
You can't milk a cow for 15 years.
A wedding cake 
They are both going to rob you but the Junkie is going to help you look for what they took.
One is a sex-obsessed wild animal ...  and the other is the former President of the United States!
Because Rudolph intentionally grounded the team...
Pilau Fights.
But they go the other way likes this 3..2..1..BOOM!
The one with a dream was shot.
Uncles.
The Dead Kennedys.
Knock Knock Who's there? 9/11 9/11 Who? I thought you said you would never forget!
suckin off other dudes...
They're not black, and they're not people!
The Mercedes can easily reach 40.
He took his wife for granite. 
It was a hare meticulous.
Because he was framed!
A walkie talkie.
My erection
What does snowman say to the other snowman?  - It smells of carrots!
The SWAT team
CLEARED TIMES ON OUR MICROWAVES! WHEN DO WE WANT IT? 0:00!
JACK OFF
With closed eyes.
they both make black guys run faster
Instagram.
Her balance was outstanding. 
He's all right now
That was radical!
Being carafe-ful.
Crypts. BLOODS FOR LIFE.
Because your mother is an inexpensive prostitute. 
He's a grower, not a shower.
Because there are no windows!
Because 7 8 9
Skratchov
A four chin teller
Jack off
Zero.  Apple doesn't accept EBT.
One is a troubleshooter, while the other is a troubled shooter.
Because 7 got rid of the headphone jack.
He didn't have any ligaments 
Battered shrimp.
Batman can go inside a store without Robin
The Samsung Note 7
URINE!
Both start off as eggs.
Because they're made exclusively for cunts.
You owe them an anthrapology
to get to the other side.
because they never drink alone.
Only women get a "SUBMIT" button.
They lost two towers
They both have a lot of seamen
It's growing on me.
They become sour krauts.
Half a cheetah.
None, they'll just compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw.
Well, anyone can roast beef...
They both killed Jack.
Because the grass tickles their balls when they run.
By jacking off.
Girls don't play with either of them.
To get to the other side.
Snowballs
You didn't hold the pillow down long enough.
By jumping off her heels.
Because women love digging up old shit.  
Four guys watching a football game.
Because Oklahoma sucks. 
The corn farmer shucks between fits, whilst the prostitute fucks between shits.
Spudnik 
An astronaut you racists!
You don't no jack!
A Man of many Cultures
A cockophony.
Nope, unless there's drug test
The people miss Harambe.
who wants 2 try?
Whale huntings legal 
The United States
Headphone jacks are obsolete.
Dogma
He can't. His hands are too small.
So sex wouldn't be such a pain in the arse.
E.T actually learned English and wanted to go home.
Not, she is not man enough to do it.
The DMV
One..... Or two...
To match their hipster owners' jeans. 
Because they always bring boos.
As many as it takes   submitters to write an original joke. (by accident)
"You conduit!"
No? Really? Weird, it was all over the news.
They're a pain in the ass to deal with.
None. Hillary Clinton fans prefer to stay in the dark.
America.
Pox Romana
Two in the front, three in the back and 15 in the ashtray.
That's not funny.
Easy just show him his gas bill.
Lady: Do you drink beer? Man: Yes. Lady: How many beers a day? Man: Usually about 3. Lady: How much do you pay per beer? Man: $5 with a tip. Lady: And how long have you been drinking? Man: 20 years, I suppose. Lady: So a beer costs $5 and you have 3 beers a day which puts your spending each month at $450. In one year, it would be $5400 correct? Man: Correct. Lady: If in 1 year you spend $5400, not accounting for inflation, the past 20 years puts your spending at $108,000, correct? Man: Correct. Lady: Do you know that if you didn't drink so much beer, that money could have been put in a step-up interest savings account and after accounting for compound interest for the past 20 years, you could have now bought a Ferrari?  Man: Do you drink beer? Lady: No... Why? Man: Where's your Ferrari?
One Shucks between Fits.  
It's not hard
I'll tell you later
*Note: This actually happened in my classroom just now Professor: What do you call bonds issued by a foreign entity in the canadian market, in canadian currency? Students: ... Professor: Maple Bonds. What do you call bonds issued by a foreign entity in the japanese market, in japanese currency? Students: ... Professor: Samurai Bonds. What do you call bonds issued by a foreign entity in the US market, in US currency? Obesity Bonds?
Omega!!  Note: surely it already exists but I thought of it independently and am proud of my terrible joke!
Because he was hunting Solo.
Please excuse my dairy air 
A Mexican.
Islams it!
They explode when triggered.
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na BATMAN!!
Cause Paracetamol 
When you realize that you can't spell country without UN. 

Tinyrone.
Humans miss Harambe.
Discumbobulated
"No" "Well, well, well...."
For Hispanic attacks
A stick.
To beat the crowd.
A masochrist. 
it has a creamy milk filling
She moans with the other.
She started missing periods
You have to sit at the back of the oven
"Melancalorie"
An Investigator
Because the inventor of the donut wanted to give us a whole experience.
A man goes into a bar with his dog. He goes up to the bar and asks for a drink. The bartender says "You can't bring that dog in here!" The guy, without missing a beat, says "This is my seeing-eye dog." "Oh man, " the bartender says, "I'm sorry, here, the first one's on me." The man takes his drink and goes to a table near the door.Another guy walks into the bar with a Chihuahua. The first guys sees him, stops him and says "You can't bring that dog in here unless you tell him it's a seeing-eye dog." The second man graciously thanks the first man and continues to the bar. He asks for a drink. The bartender says "Hey, you can't bring that dog in here!"The second man replies "This is my seeing-eye dog." The bartender says, "No, I don't think so. They do not have Chihuahuas as seeing-eye dogs." The man pauses for a half-second and replies "What?!?! They gave me a Chihuahua?!?"
They both suffered the loss of one very important port.
On a beach near Boston.
Throw one cigarette away and the boat becomes one cigarette lighter.
Short tempers.
Sorry, they can only change the floor essence. 
To get a filling!
Cha Ching
Two women neighbors are talking. 'Mary, what's wrong with you? Are you ill? I saw the doctor coming out of your house twice last week.' 'So what? I saw an officer coming out of your house five times last week but I'm not saying that a war has broken out.'
Put a dildo under a glass table. 
Both of their eggs have sell-by dates.
Have you tried turning it off and back on? 
You run. You run so far away.
I give a fuck when my computer crashes.
A cunttainer
a sexually transmitted disease
A man will spend 20 minutes looking for a golf ball. 
A stick!
You boil the hell out of it.
Uncles.
The answer might surprise you!
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball? She choked...
Because women love digging up the past.
So she could say hello from the other side
There's a piece of you here, a piece of you over here, another piece over there..
Put them in the back of a truck and run a red light. 
The bogey monster
Grill the steak or cook it in a skillet.  Bring the steak up to room temperature before cooking. Season both sides of the steak with salt and pepper.  Sear both sides.  Bard the meat with butter.  Cook the steak to rare-medium.  Rest the steak for 5-7 minutes.
Because the grass must have been greener. 
"Nice scarf! Must be cold where you came from! Do you guys want coffee?"
You haven't seen the blast of me!!!
Don't take her out again.
It was in A-minor
None, even if you win, you're still retarded.

I do , I'm a Leo , I loved Titantic. Ironically,my grandmother was a cancer and she was killed by a giant crab .  EDIT : Yes this is a Bo Burnham joke , I just want people to enjoy it before people call me out.
He had bad joints.
Roll up her sleeve.
One bursts into flames in the sunlight, and the other is a vampire.
Ash
They had to wake him up...
Me: Missouri. I: What state are you in now? M: Apathy. I: That's not what I meant. M: I don't care.
A crime fighter.
You get Les Miles and zero points
-Left. -Well, that doesn't sound right.
Trigger.
Metal fans.
Brexit has actually affected society.
"Hey, your dick is hanging out"
Well, you can't   it in there. 
The sound of silence 
I prefer British Bac-on
None.  They just stand around complimenting it, and then get pissed when another guy screws it.
If they are black, you've got nothing to eat.
Islams It.
Teacher: Of course not.  Student: Good, because I didn't do my homework. 
If they are black, you've got nothing to eat.
Supperman. Or his kid Soup-erman. One just gets to dinner on time and the other is really good and making soup. E: I thought of it in it in a dream so thats why its not so good
To convince women sweeping was a sport.
10-0 for America 
Because he always burns the franks.
Disoriental.
I always feel like I'm talking in circles.
He has DIABETES!
None. It's a hardware problem
Black and blue of course. ... The girl, not the car. (Courtesy of my son, the sicko).
Give me the gif of it.
They've never been fired and only dropped once.
None. They can't change anything.
Because black people don't have rights.
Reddit Reddit
Rock, I hear his brother hates it though. 
Tai-Wan-Shu
The freezer doesn't fart when you take out the sausage. 
A Pillow Fight
Kevin bacon
So he can sing a song of six Pence, with a pocket full of rye, and four and twenty blackbirds baked in a pie. 
None. They just hold it in the socket and expect the world to revolve around them.
Alt-F4
You shoot it.
because the land won't wave back.
A Whorse
EnRICHed gas.
M'tropolis
They made him branch manager 
I don't have a dead politician in my basement.
One has Microsoft and the other is Micro and Soft
Because he never sleeps in much!
Eli5
Because Missouri loves company 
Meta-Knight
Who wants to hear a joke about potassium? K
Yeah apparently
A buck an ear!
"I teach you the goober quench!"
Switching Users
Fission chips. 
People miss Harambe
Future
Bullets don't miss Harambe. Rest in Peace brother.
Deer Balls. They're under a Buck!
What does AIDS stand for? Anally Injected Death Sentence. What does GAY stand for? Got Aids Yet?
A German Shep·herd
I'm forum. 
Crimestoppers.
Unemployed.
A: Society. 
It's not hard. 
Phelps  can finish a race.
Genetics, I guess
They're married.
Salad
Might Haswell! Credit:   in 
Nice belt.
Blow up their car.
"OOh, that's perfect right there. Just stay right there... Dude?..Alright, whatever... This side of the moons a dick."
They were both around for a short time in the '90s only to be unheard of from then on.
Once more into the breech, dear friends
It de-Pence on who you ask.
'Cause I can't seem to forget about you!
What's the difference between a baby and a sandwich? I don't fuck my sandwich before i eat it.
Google Fiber Note: Randomly came up with this joke today
To go to the paddy field. ... I think that when we start outsourcing our jokes, it's time to rethink our society.
Probably one, they're not stupid just evil.
Ash Ketchum.
Work over time
A food fight.
Give him test tickles. 
Omelette
An Errorist!
This is due to its powerful hind legs and the fact that the average house cannot jump.
Nevermind It's to cheesy.
"You shake em' we take em!"
His and Hearse towels
"hey guys be here at 8:15 pm, max 8:30"
Iron Man is a superhero, Iron Woman is a command.
They didn't spend all that time in the closet doing nothing.
He gets stoned.. Badum tsss
Sorry, it still isn't finished yet.
Chinese
The Avengers Ensemble.
So she could moan with the other.
Because attachments are not allowed. 
He lay awake in bed all night, wondering if there was really a dog.
Depressing.  What's life like without alchohol? Depressing.  I need friends. 
Stakes 
Racism has many faces.
Mayonneighs 
Unfortunately Reddit has stopped working, would you like to report the issue?
Assault and pepper
He couldn't make ends meet.
One is a Goodyear and one is a great year
I sink therefore I am.
So my neighbor's kid died from sucking my son's dick. We watched.
Because you C4 of them exploding every day 
They storm the baaaastille.
A pizza can feed a family
You can drop her off anywhere. 
A shotgun mic!
Hoo-dini!
Are you vegan?
Feedom.
He woke up.
MosCow
I don't know and I don't care.
Because he was very gassy.
She hated objectification.
Microsoft Office 36543
A premature evacuation.
clickbait -_-
Neither.  France Surrenders, and Italy Changes Sides.
acidic juice
uh...
Cliffhangers 
Because   loves digging up the past.
to the other side.
Stands by her fan.
Not being 
Masterbathe.
Guardians of the Galaxy, or firefighters. 
Instead of saying "I'm an existentialist, eh."  They will say "I'm an existentialist, ... be."
Arya Stark?
It's somewhere between Dayton and Marion. 
Eminem.
He took out his dentures!
Idaho.
It's a pilot's life for me! 
2 in the front, 2 in the back, 1 in the trunk, and 6 000 000 in the ashtray
Parcelona
The Panzer SS 1st Division 
Leave me alone! I'm trying to 
Well, they're vegetarians so probably not what you're thinking...
I dunno, but he's the only one in my tribe...
After you drink one you can't shut up or drive.
the obituary read "Please send donations in luau flowers."
Bill and Monica, ooops I mean Melania!
SMILES because there is a mile between the first and last letters!
Holy crap.
It was stapled to the chicken.
I mean, come on!  They couldn't even pronounce it.
A Dell.
The Bush
The guy who has a new Mercedes is rich. The guy who has an old Mercedes has been rich for a longer time.
I don't think he understood the gravity of his situation.
Because he was trying to detonate a Samsung Note 7.
He has nun.
Samsung Not Explode
Kill his family
Note 7
Sorry if that's a probing question.
I don't know and I don't care.
A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it
They’re both slipping in the polls.
There won't be any World War 3. #gaben2k16
Because everybody who can run, jump and swim are already in the U.S.
A huge mess.
Hula the dogs out?
I figured you wouldn't know 
Hand them a used tampon and ask what period it's from.
...the wheelchair.
Hugh Mungus
Their kids haven't .
None. It's too dark.
They're both impregnable 
Civilwar!
He was too far out.
Both full of energy and momentum, both lacking substance.
Hoodini
"I guess I didn't plan it very well!"
Apart Mints
No, you cantaloupe.
With a skynet
An Armadealer
Because its too much toupée for one.
Boo-kkake
JSON
You'll find out next week when this joke get reposted.
2016 republican nominee Donald Trump
When they got more first bloods than a middle school bathroom.
Holland.
The day the kid learns what Hitler had done in history class.
Her boyfriend was blonde too.
Executed. 
You can't unload a truck full of marbles with a pitchfork.
One is weasily recognised and the other is stoatally different 
Dick.
Hormones.
She got hit by a bus. Why did Sally fall off the swing? She lost her arms when she was hit by a bus. Why did Sally not get back on the swing? She also lost her legs. Knock knock Who's there? Not Sally. What did Sally get for Christmas? I don't know, she couldn't open it.
A pile of shit doesn't have an ugly ass hair
Because people are dying to get in there.
Grrraaaaiiinnns...
Because in the games, Bug-types are effective against Dark-types. Just like malaria in Africa.
A girl with a sunken chest and no booty
A key.
Cus they love to count YAAAARds.
Orgasm.
A civil serpent 
It's ass.
You are in a room with Michael. Michael is staring into your eyes. His lips part. He speaks the sweet, golden words. "But... what are, eyes?" His head tilts slightly downwards, and to the left. His eyebrow raises slightly. He gestures with his hands. He goes on a tangent about eyeballs... ...and mentions how they contain vitreous humour He stares into your eyes. "But... what   vitreous humour?" His eyebrow raises further. The skin begins to split. His smile widens. He gestures wider. He goes on a tangent about bodily fluids. Including spit. He stares into your eyes. "But... what is, spit?" His eyebrow raises further. The skin snaps grotesquely. His smile widens ever further. It reaches his ears now. His bald head glistens softly in the light. His gestures reach the walls now. You ask him if he feels pain. His smile widens. It reaches his scalp now. "But... what   pain?" His eyebrow is no longer connected to his face. It has ascended. Both literally and metaphorically. His smile is no longer a smile. It is a gash in his face. The bone is exposed. He stares into your soul. His jawbone shifts uneasily. "But what is bone?" he asks. You weep softly. His gestures puncture the wall now. You ask, again, if he feels pain. He goes on a tangent about how pain is related to nerves. You feel it. Deep within you. "But... what are, nerves?" He is a skull now. You are no longer within a room. You are in a void. There is only you. A skull. And an eyebrow. Floating softly above. He grins. "But what is... void?"
Because she is a woman
Semi-retired.
You can't; they're nomads.
Deep Thought
That everything in this universe is either a potato or not a potato.
Because they erupt to no good. 
Who's "me", kemosabe?
A lil smokey
It was rated out of five.
To get to the second-hand shop.
I don't know, she hasn't opened it
A pitbull returning from a playground.
he would always go all Id. 
I put on the wrong socks this morning.
Frogs in a blender
A movie. Told to me by Siri. Pissed myself. 
"Daddy help I'm melting!"
You get upset when your dog tears up either of them because they are period pieces.
Nothing.
Harambe.
If we don't get some support, people are going to think we're nuts!
Why did they kill Harambe? Coz Adam and Eve took the apple.
A child asked his father, "How were people born?" So his father said, "Adam and Eve made babies, then their babies became adults and made babies, and so on." The child then went to his mother, asked her the same question and she told him, "We were monkeys then we evolved to become like we are now." The child ran back to his father and said, "You lied to me!" His father replied, "No, your mom was talking about her side of the family." - 
Hugh Mungus
An elephant hiding in your fridge
Because they can't move fast enough to flick a booger
Because seven was a registered six offender.
No, I ain't never been to that place. Must be new or something.
Petal to the nettle!
You would too if your name was bblamdiffergmunmnumblldpbdb.
To get to the other side!
DIR
a gun only has one trigger
"How are you doing toupee?" When he gets mad just say: "come on man don't wig out on me like that!"
A grassy-ass...
Smoke on the Water, because they are always getting roasted. :3
He didn't do it on porpoise.
Punch
The execution.
0 cause they'll compliment it then get pissed off when it won't screw
1 natural log cabin.  I'll show myself out. 
Impersonating a police officer.
One's a meteorologist and the other's a meaty urologist.
Because I'm about to pass a fist through your face!
a paraplegic
Being 0K.
Never mind, I figured it out.
DID YOU JUST ASSUME MY LIGHTBULB?
Lukewarm.
Chicken butt! xd
They cluck each other.
Not everyone gets them
There used to be two and now it's too offensive to talk about.
A Senor Discount
He was arrested for battery charges. Some say he's bi-polar.
0:- " Dude your dick is hanging out "
Honestly, it's black and white. 
Winning means he'd need to live in a smaller house in a black neighborhood
Cause otherwise they'd be going to pound town.
Jack Daniels is still killing Indians.
Boil the hell out of it
She fucked a prince, is completely lifeless and some people still think she's relevant.
Only Juan
There's a mistake in my womb.
You fly a plane into the WTC
To get to the other slide.
Your stove. Edit: word choice
He was lucky it was a soft drink.
Britney Spears
He got his dick out for his Haram bae's.
Well first you need to build up your playlist, a lot of popular / rave music is important to get the crowd going! Then, you need to find a venue, stadiums can be quite good etc. You ideally need a DJ, or even your own iPad and a couple speakers if it's a smaller setup Then, of course, to get the crowd going on the big night, you need to staple food to the ceiling.
1 dead baby in 10 trashcans.
Give him a used tampon and ask which period it's from.
One is a free throw, and the other is a flea 'fro.
Ten-tickles.
One evening he was solving a trigonometric equation and then he saw a sine. 
A neigh-sayer
A wake-tress
I wouldn't pay $500 for a garbanzo bean on my face!!!!
You have to stand at the back of the gas chamber
Barackoli
Rainy Day Women #12 & 35. 
The Codfather. (⌐■_■)–︻╦╤─
He came into a lot of socks. 
"I told you to lick my erection, not wreck my election".
She told people to stop patronizing her.
They ain't private ears. (I don't care if a six year old came to this first thirty years ago, it just came to me.)
Because then they'd have nothing to do in the afternoon.
Artificial Intelligence.
Reuse and Recycle
Because his dad built it and his mom cleans it
The Three Mosqueteers.
Boko Harambe. (dicks out)
I can't make a vitamin
The wall.
Pull the pin and throw it back.
Because she loves sheep thrills!   *shows self out
He's Jalapeno business 
Because people are dying to get in there.
The get all you '90s references.
Six: Up, Down, Strange, Charm, Top and Bottom.
Pirates.
Because in charge of scheduling, Yoda was.
A charlatan!
Twix 
neither, it's a fairy tail.
In the mainstream.
Ask Jeeves
Allah-lcohol
....because tear shed is better than blood shed
Crib death.
Runnnnnnnnnnnnigganigganigganigaanigga
There's no road from the kitchen to the bedroom.
Nothing, they've never been together!
One’s a Goodyear. The other’s a great year.
"Isee cold."
The terrorist needs a trigger to blow things up.
Because his wife wouldn't stop bleating all over the place. 
You park, man.
When asked to comment, President Obama responded "Yes, ICANN"
Because they keep their eyes peeled!
Battleship Potemkin.
too many cheetahs
Your girlfriend
They both died when they were really popular. 
Bonus Trekkie Joke:  ... because it keeps searching Uranus for Klingons.
Alive
His eggo death 
Chrysanthemum's the word. 
Their stuff is always cut.
Anything that requires chopsticks. Ba-Dum-Tss
Neither did I.
A snuggle with a struggle
Nobody knows!
Birth control. 
Acne doesn't come on your face until you're 12
Unidentified Floating Object
It was multithreaded.
Pink Freud
Wherever it wants to. R.I.P. Harambe
Whine.
Uncles
Betty White.
Well, they're huge targets...
Mein Karmph
The Earth's crust is on the outside.
PokeMom
Patient: Only after sex Doctor: Ok, patient has never smoked in his life
Michael Phelps actually finished the race.
Cincinnati Zoo keeps trying to shoot them down. Edit: Spelling
"Man, this guy just keeps shooting himself in the foot".
Man: Six thousand eight hundred and fourty five. Interviewer: Hm... that's not the right answer... Man: But i'm quick.
He got snowed in.
Because when he asked them who the greatest composer was all they would say is "mmmmmm... Bach Bach Bach"!
He burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.
Newborn girls. 
Shake your bag of coins
The police officer. 
Toys Arrrrrrrrrrr Us
Black and black movies. 
Sinbad
On their way to get married, a young Catholic couple is involved in a fatal car accident. The couple find themselves sitting outside the Pearly Gates waiting for St. Peter to process them into Heaven. While waiting, they begin to wonder: Could they possibly get married in Heaven? When St. Peter showed up, they asked him. St. Peter said, 'I don't know. This is the first time anyone has asked. Let me go find out,' and he leaves. The couple sat and waited, and waited. Two months passed and the couple are still waiting. While waiting, they began to wonder what would happen if it didn't work out; could you get a divorce in heaven. After yet another month, St. Peter finally returns, looking somewhat bedraggled. 'Yes,' he informs the couple, 'you can get married in Heaven.' 'Great!' said the couple, 'But we were just wondering, what if things don't work out? Could we also get a divorce in Heaven?' St. Peter, red-faced with anger, slammed his clipboard onto the ground. 'What's wrong?' asked the frightened couple. 'OH, COME ON!', St. Peter shouted, 'It took me three months to find a priest up here! Do you have any idea how long it'll take me to find a lawyer?!"
An Oreo
Try this...  On your way home from work, stop at a pharmacy and purchase a rectal thermometer made by Johnson & Johnson. Be very sure to get this brand.  When you get home, lock your doors, close the blinds and take the phone off the hook so you will not be disturbed. Change into very comfortable clothing and sit in your favorite chair.  Open the package and remove the thermometer. Now, carefully place it on a table or a surface so that it will not become chipped or broken. Take out the literature and read it carefully. You will notice that in small print there is a statement....  "Every Rectal Thermometer made by Johnson & Johnson is personally tested."
Me: Answering the semantics of a question but ignoring the pragmatics Interviewer: Could you give me an example?  Me: Yes I could
Because one had a dream and died
Anne Frank's 
A nut for a jar of tuna.
The poop deck.
[removed]
Kinky you use a feather; perverted you use the whole chicken !
"Stop out-sulting me."
Adolf HitHer
I'm Biden my time.
Jail
Because cars takes you from A to B
Anton, do you think I’m a bad mother? My name is Paul.
Because he doesn't want to be spotted
Because he was baroque. 
Dnner
When he's standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice
He really held his own.
The Mandela Effect.
She was on fire.
[removed]
Marrow-Juan-a.
A stick.
Two test tickles
Any-cock'll-do
Elton John's chin. 
He was sewericidal. 
Because it was two tired. 
What's green and has wheels? Grass.. I was lying about the wheels
Astronomy is about things too big to wrap your head around, while gastronomy is about things small enough to wrap your head around.
In the Quran-tine room!
Because it ends with A-men
Because she enjoyed being Ms-quoted
Because he was spaced out.
With a plunger.
Nobody has ever seen them directly, but everyone says they exist.
Keep the tip.
DLC. 
I missed you
Michael Phelps can finish a race.
Viola.
You can un-screw a lightbulb.
Goldman Sach's
Sadly, he did knot.
A refund.  credit to   (saw it on another post as comment, thought it deserved own post)
Give it a blowjob.
Crosses killed him. 
Why is women’s soccer so rare? It’s quite hard to find enough women willing to wear the same outfit.
An improvement.
She wanted a high paying missionary position.
He was having his mid life crisis!
Reintarnation.
Because one had a dream and died
Butterflies
Aerial
Geodorant.
Virgin Mobile 
Chicken sees-a salad
I'm probably gonna die surrounded by both. 
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND EEEEEEEEEEEEEEYEEEEEEEEE
His Korea is over!
Cuz everyone was dying to get in.
It has six commandments and four suggestions 
A baptist will run into a liquor store, buy their alcohol and run out. A Methodist will walk into a liquor store and say high to everyone, then buy their alcohol and walk out. A catholic will show up to the store completely hammered, hug everyone, get their alcohol and stumble their way out of the store. 
Everyone called him Beethmicrowave
College textbook prices.
With a dust pan and brush.
A kleptomaniac!
An Arab riding a bicycle down Collins Avenue in Miami Beach.
Because they're into some funny business
He couldn't see that well.
So they know where to stop shaving.
I avoid everyone
It's already run out of battery.
It was the pot calling the cattle back.
Mick Jagger says, "Hey you, get offa' my cloud." A Scotsman says, "Hey McCloud, get offa' my ewe."
Not being retarded.
A naughty bus
The bystander with the camera.
Pi * z * z * a
S'fear.
Pull the pin and throw it back
TruTV
To the Bathroom
Burning Man.
You don't have to pay for the glue to sniff...
Pregnant
A Brussian. I'll see myself out.
Snorting the left over ashes from Ash Wednesday... 
He ended up giving his wife a black eye
1Forest1
Both of them died.
The bucket.
Where you left it
They don't know where home is.
Double D-Mons
Her daddy says he wants her in bed by ten.
They put a bottle of vodka 100 meters away from them.
Your mailbox is missing!
Walls Vanilla Carte D'or - It's not Mexican! (*I am going to hell for this!)
They Argon...
There were no jokes in the Post.
Fencing! 
Bean dip!
When hunger strikes. 
Phil: A philboard Bill: I have a better idea
Everybody misses Harambe.
Quit being nosey.
Three, two to die and one to never get over it.
They both tell the audience what they are glad to hear.  But at the end, the audience laughs at the comic, and the politician laughs at the audience.
No eye deer. What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no eye deer. What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh. What do you call a gorilla with no eyes?
Sank you. 
They know Jewish women can't resist anything with 10% off.
A Prontosaur. 
He was caught drinking on the job.
Because he was black.
A LexiCon
Shout out to my bitches...and dogs
The rest of your life.
None cuz it's already lit af
A tweet. 
So the dishwasher matches the appliances
Christian Bail
Thai-Won Shu.
Antimatter.
He was addicted to quack.
Couches
A rip off  ;)
It's a really obscure number and you've probably never heard of it.
Vladimir Putin  ~ You can thank my 65 year old grandfather for this
For making false acc sations.
Because his wife left him 4 months ago                      
They keep beating the same dead horse.
Through the process of cross-examination.
A dude farting cum on your floor.
To be ran over coz she didn't want to watch Hillary vs. Trump
Can't be done, it's a hardware problem.
Tequilher 
Usain Bolt can finish a race.
A can't elope. Or better yet None of them because of the lgbt movement.
Obviously more than four because my basement's still dark.
The Holocaust.
"This job isn't for everyone, but hay...it's in my jeans"
A walk.
By reposting it every week!
Theyre the only things Donald Trump is currently wearing.
[deleted]
Pit-bull in kids sandpit
15 years to life.
There are too many wongs and wings and someone could wing the wong number.
Thriller
Half a dog.
FedEx drivers tend to come early.
By becoming a ventriloquist!
because the sea weed.
Chop sticks!
A hole in it.
Dad : Judging by the size of that horse's dick, Yes she is
80
So they can be driven while handcuffed.
Old John married younger woman Mary and had four children. Three were normal and doing usual. But the fourth Pappy was out of way, ugly, naughty and causing anxiety to John that Pappy was really not his son. John was on death bed and he decided to clarify that with Mary. He asked, "Mary, with your hand on your heart, please tell me Pappy is my son." Mary with her hand on heart announced, "John, my dear husband, Pappy is your son." John died happily leaving vast wealth to Mary. Mary crossed her heart and prayed, "Thanks Jesus that he did not ask the same for three other children, and you know I would not have lied."
No Man's Sky.
Well, we had to do something with the ovens.
'cause household appliances always come in white.
In Iraq.
Because shopping never causes heart attacks, but paying bills does.
In the Amazon jungle there's the Toucan, a bird with tiny legs and a big beak. In Africa you can find the Flamingo, a big bird with a small beak but very long legs. Recently scientists discovered a new species of birds in a forest near Tchernobyl : the Onono. It's a bird with a small beak, tiny legs, and very big balls. Whenever he has to land you can hear him squeak : "Oh no no! Oh no no!".
Because they all manifest the sry gene
I'm not beating up a black person.
Sufficient amount of youth in Asia.
"Aboot this big"
Because she couldn't do the evening
Faux paw.  
Because 7 was a 6-offender.
Quicksilver
Flip-Flops
Leave a plunger in the toilet!
Only one, but the light bulb really has to want to change.
Two Scotsmen fighting over a penny
Tumblr
If it's their lightbulb, none of your damn business.
A syntax error.
He was proven guilty of providing arms to Iraq
"I'm kinda busy, I won't be able to stay any longer, smell ya later" PS: the addict died that day from severe delusions that his coke was talking blanket, lot of coke....
A trumPET *Edit Also why is this Marked Politics?
It was in the middle of 9 / 11.
A small medium at large.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
Boisex, Idaho
Your addicted. 
Only one, if you cut him thin enough.
You have to get in the back of the oven.
A rip off.
A seatbelt 
He made a Freudian slip
A zit will wait until you’re twelve before it comes on your face.
You really have a smart uniform. 
They both have Sandy Claws.
He could Nazi.
They have their own bees knees.
A BoVine
a piece of you here, a piece of you there, just a lot of pieces of your body flying
The tooth fairy.
An egg in a duck.
All he wants is Just Ice
Everytime he tried, he was told that she was young and that they tried not to sectionalise her.
Piiig 
Because it was 'two-tyred'.
Dr. Dre
Nothing you idiot, bananas don't talk!
One's a disgusting cesspool full of paranoid, bigoted, anti-American sadists, and the other is really cold.
GAINZZZZZZ
For Hispanic attacks
Jewhitsyou.
An arm and a leg.
Leave the glass of milk alone long enough and it'll develop a culture.
A concert that costs 45 cents.
You can actually punch information into a computer.
Muhammad Achoo
Glad-he-ate-her? 
Horses
Peking duck. (it came to mind over dinner... I thought I would share the pain with everyone)
Brailleant ones. Sauce: Am blind.
Well sir we have three options red, blue, and yellow. Our red colors are inspired by the rose fields of Sweden. "Got the color orange?" No, the blue colors were crafted from finest of silk from Japan and represent the waves of the ocean. "What about brown?" Our LAST option is Yellow, it shines as if it came from the sun itself. "Got Indigo?" Just indigo f*ck yourself.
Sugar-tits.
A dog with pawlitical experience.
I haven't touched mine in years.
An H2Ho.
It went down the road and turned in to a field
How many data wranglers does it take to change a lightbulb? Just one, but they need a backup.
Astro-knots.
A man in California find a genie lamp on the beach , and after rubbing it a genie pops out. " You get one free wish." The genie told him. "I thought it was three wishes?" The man asked. "No, that has been a lie for thousands of years, it's just one, so make it count!" After thinking it over the man says "Ok, I've never been to Hawaii. But I don't like riding on boats and I don't like riding on planes. I'd like you build me a bridge from here to Hawaii." The genie seemed hesitant. "I don't know, that seems like it would be very difficult. Is there   else you'd like, anything at all?" The man thought for a minute, then said, "Well I've always wanted to understand women better. I'd like to know all about the workings of a woman's mind and be able to understand it all." The genie pondered over the wish. "Ok so one or two lanes for that bridge?"
A washing machine doesn't follow you around after you dump a load in it.
Because he was Snowden.
Society
because they lactose   I don't know why I found this so funny!   ready for the down vote to begin <3
SPD Gonzales.
Fucking with the german snipers
What’s black and screams?  Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
Shartonnay
A Khalculator
Yeah, apparently it went viral. I know this is awful, but my coworkers laughed... so I got that going for me.
He had locomotives.
You PO PO PO POKE HER FACE PO PO POKE HER FACE!
Go for the juggler.  This is my favorite joke that I have read on here. 
There is no contradiction club 
A Corpseman. Painfully obvious, yet a terrible play on the English language, I know. It was something I came up with a few years ago, for some unknown reason.
To say "hello from the other side."
They commeownicate. 
A cam-el. Get it, because a camera records things and a camel is a animal.
He turned into a driveway. 
Would you pull that crap with a net?
Big Red, dawg.
Because it's Lit.
there's no Walker in Fast and Furious .......RIP Paul
Well I guess none; they just put the bulb in the socket and wait for the world to revolve around them.
So they'd have a strong base for their lessons
A little chili
You should go to the corner, its ninety degrees over there.
They're always very sorey.
Neither have they
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? Snowballs.
A pizza can feed a family.
joseph schooling 
It was pissed off 
When you twist the doorknob it doesn't scream.
TO GET AWAY FROM YOU!
Most of the jokes in this subreddit.
I'd be OP.
It gets toad away
A spider
A nun falling down the stairs.
A tear jerker
Because two Wongs don't make a white
Canoes tip.
They were both originally made for kids, but daddies end up playing with them.
You can unscrew a lightbulb.
a tear-jerker
Because he was sick of chainmail.
They both recycle. 
Because seven is a six offender.
Thanks for the tip.
With jammin 
A speech impediment.
Lettuce alone without dressing. 
Because they can't elope!
neither have they
Because you make sound judgement.
Because I don't joke about jokes.
It never gets old
How did you get your head in between those teeny legs?
I have a bream.
A rotten banana.
PYONG! YANG!
Not being in the Paralympics
When is the baby Jew?
They'll turn it into a bombardeer
HIGH-SIS
A multi-porpoise tool!
Because 7 8 10.
Prom
A rip off!
A refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull your meat out of it
Inspectacles
Because he has no limbs  Kinda dark, I know. It's just for those out there who would chuckle at this. ;D
Good buy.
One's a slimy scum-sucking bottom-dwelling scavenger; the other is a fish.
Voat manipulation.
They're both cheap, fast, and if the rubber breaks, you're dead.
Broke
They're both full of shit.
A cuntry.
Depth perception 
My penis.  It's running for president of my homeowners association. I can't control that guy.
They can lure you in and pikachu
It was having a mid-life crisis.
They both try to suck you dry, try to have babies with your DNA, and then you find them sucking off someone else.
None, that's a hardware issue.
Remorse code
Kick his sister in the Jaw. 
Smoked buddha.
It's the most basic drink there is.
Circumference.
The windshield.
He flipped the chairs over.
A keybored
"Bone Apple Tea"
They both nailed a 2x4.
An elephant.
Well shit.
A pedophile.
Hey dad, how do you feel about abortion? "Ask your sister" I don't have a...
There's no charge.
They're both perverts. One is horny and the other keeps having wet dreams.
Because he's full of preservatives.
He wrote, "i is the square root of negative 1."
Because they are always multiplying.
To finger A-Minor.
Aftermath
A space engineer!
Because its two tired.
A: uh, me so sorry.  
Til infinity.
Because if they fell forward, they would land in the boat! 
You fuck one of them.
Ryan Locht-up
"I think we should start seeing other sheeple."
It's called Hide and Go Sikh.
They found him the next morning lying in his tea pee. 
BA-NA-NA-NAAAA
He wants to make America "grate" again. 
"Oh, God I'm so nervous. If I mess up, I'm gonna kill myself."
Nun of your business.
My teacher was so unsanitary. I got pinkeye, whoopingcough, and strep throat. 
Because of their tiny little anty bodies. 
For Hispanic attacks.
Every time he got close to filling the tank, he'd pull the nozzle out and spray gasoline all over the car. 
A: An Ohioan who can read. Q: What's an Ohioan? A: A Kentuckian who can count. Q: What's a Kentuckian? A: A West Virginian with a branching family tree. Q: And who the hell are you to be making all these rude judgments? A: Trauma counselor for tour guides.
People laughed, because it was a good joke.
Ones a pranked Redditor, the other is a ranked predator.
Because you're basic...
I can still turn your mom on.
The both are great at down-loading 
When it's a jar.
Because i might vote for it!! Fridge 2016
He was afraid that he would swallow his words.
Every other number
A Trillbilly! 
He had a great interView. 
A welfare Czech.
Back in Black.
A Moooooslim!!
An investigator. 
Because it had nobody to go with.
"Resistance is futile."
The answer is the feathers. 200 pounds of bricks is just a bunch of bricks, but if you try to carry 200 pounds of feathers, you also have to carry the weight of what you did to those poor birds. (Found this on Tumblr @sirobvious and just want to share it with you guys!)
A Labrador Deceiver.
The dinner bell.
It soiled itself.   
Because they have to pass through in doors. 
A bi-eulogy
According to my ex wife my career and penis should be here
The real question is... why the hell was there a tree in your kitchen?
Kermit's fingers 
When she can fit into your wife's clothes.
She got off on a technicality.
Because it was a mooooooslim.
Neither.  Some men just want to watch the world burn.
It's near-humerus.
The pet store
A mis-carriage
Because Trump wants to build a wall, and a wall is what killed Dale Earnhardt. 
At least he didn't oui in them too. 
Trigger-nometry.
Because leather is made of hide. 
Sorry old friend... You just won't cut it
There is no F in way.
Roll up her sleeve.
A menorahty! 
That don't impreza me much.
A wooly jumper!
A really unconfident guy, especially when it comes to ladies decides he going to get laid tonight. A buddy of his tell him about a pimp in a not so good part of town that he's used before. The eager lad goes straight to the pimp and says I'll have your finest specimen for five dollars. The pimp takes the five and sends the lad off with one of his Whores. The next day the man awoke with an itch in his trousers. He went straight back to the pimp demanding his money back stating your whore gave me crabs. The pimp takes one look at the lad and says whatd you expect for five dollars LOBSTER?!
There was nothing   to do
A milkshake
A crowd.
Netflix and  dren
Kike
"Flabracadabra, Allakillman!"
Marry it.
Don't be alfredo. 
He needs to be very careful, because he may be getting screwed.  
Plot Holders.
Czechs Mix
Full-figured! 
Toiletries
"...and I would have gotten away with it if it weren't for you medaling kids!"
Tricky question 
No chance of blocking an uppercut.
Herpevores
endorphins
If the shutter makes a "crick" noise.
People think you're shit unless you're number 1.
So they can get a better grip of the broom. :)
He enjoys the taste of Doctors Without Borders.
Because he was 9/11.
It's not, numbers don't have emotions.
Attempted murder
They don't give a flying fuck.
A Rubik's cube, you dirty minded individuals!
Fungal Bloomingdale's.
She kept objectifying people. 
Al Gore's the stiff one.
He keeps delivering to the wrong fuching address! 
Because they don't like dicks.
Flush 
Because seven is a registered six offender. 
Was it Usain Bolt or Ryan Lochte's ride to the airport?
HellifIknow!
Shitty
None. It's a hardware problem.
A mushroom.
Just one if its lochte'd
To remind them why there's no money in it 
Piiig 
The oyster shucks between fits...
Dick Tater.
Because they're easy to push around and never stand up for themselves
Use zodiac signs
He wipes his butt.
Cuz it's all rye, it's all rye, it's all rye.
Because 7 is a registered 6 offender. 
Because her boyfriend was blond too.
A peg leg.
A start.
, because 99% of its products are made from recycled material.
The one with the lowest mew.
He was in the middle of 9/11
They have no class
No you didn't. You haven't heard anything. Long Live the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
American. EDIT: My first post on Reddit and I get 1000+ up votes, thanks so much!!!
Because they can't C#.
One live baby nailed to ten trees. 
A boy asks his mom, Why am I black and you're white? She says, Don't even go there. The way that party went, you're lucky you don't bark
Because he was badly abused by his uncle when he was 5
You hang around. I'll go on a head.
It's alimentary, Watson.
Neal
... Don't ask me man, I just fly the drones. 
I'm gonna Pokemon.
It was too mainstream :) 
Oh.l
Divorce proceedings, most likely
It turns out, it's not very hard at all
In car, serrated
It was fucking intense.
A knife to the throat
For fingering a minor.
Wasted time!
He was high whisk.
Dung!
TWO CHURNZ!
Cmon you won't feel a zing!
Yeah I wouldn't admit it either...
He was startin' to feel like a rap dog, rap dog. 
The Cloud. 
An Allarma
He's got like a Brazilian Medals.
Because he wasn't paid the money he deserved.
It's called "Semi-Conductor".
It's 'rent free!
68,  Because when you hit 69, you flip over and eat it...
Uncles...
Finding his blacklight.
“Well I’m not”, the other replies, “...because I’m a squirrel!”
Free shots for everyone!
Because he had fowl languange.
My Zipper.
Poor Old Nincompoop Thinks It's A Cadillac
Free shots for everyone!
I'm in pane
Papa-wheelie! 
Hold On, Not Done Accelerating.
It's not hard.
None. She should have opened it as she brought it to you.
Californians don't screw in lightbulbs, they screw in hot tubs.  (I remember this from the 1970s when I was in middle school.  It's one of my first dirty jokes)
A rip off
Mosquito: So we can enjoy different flavors. 
It needed a tuna-up.
He pasta way. His legacy will become a pizza history.
I've told this story to many naive greens before me, so self-absorbed in their own notions of human conflict and the meaning of war.  Whenever I finish the tale they're always pale as Lyndon B's corrupt lyin' ass.  I can't blame 'em.  This story kept me up throughout my whole deployment in those damn jungles.  Worse still, I was the "protagonist" of this story, if you can call me that. It was October, 1972.  We were stationed along the Ho Chi Minh trail to intercept supplies going through a triage of enemy villages 112 kilometers north of the capital.  My platoon had set up an encampment on the southside hill in relation to these villages when gunfire began raining down on us. We did what we were trained to do, although I could tell the rest of the boys were scared out of their minds.  I can't blame 'em.  But when the gunfire became sweeping towards our position from farther south was when we all realized we were in some deep shit.  We were rats snapped snug into a trap. We called for reinforcements, but the higher ups all had their hands tied up in other ambushes throughout the valley.  Air support was limited, although we relished the brief pauses in the bloodshed it would give us when they dropped the bombs on the hostiles. During one of the enemy waves I lost four of my fingers to enemy grenade shrapnel.  A Norwegian recruit, Sven Alfoldssen, saved my ass during that same encounter.  The men began calling me "Six", and Alfoldssen "Seven". We became pretty good friends.  We shared a few drinks together, spoke about our women, reminisced about times before we were drafted into this whole shit show.  But we were proud to serve, and would die for our respective countries willingly if it meant stopping the Commies from encroaching on our freedoms. But that all changed after a few weeks of no reinforcements and dwindling supplies.  Some men began eating flour mixed with dirt to sate their unrelenting appetites.  There were some scuffles for the last few MREs that got pretty violent.  Before we had some hope help would arrive to push the commies off the hill to get us some goddamn food.  Now, it was no secret we were in some dire fucking straits. Three weeks passed since the last MRE was eaten.  If the Viet Cong made a significant offensive on our position during then, we would've certainly kissed all our lives goodbye.  The men found it hard just to stand up in the morning.  Our rip-cages were all showing, and we just started isolating ourselves from one another.  There's no point in making small talk if all you can think about is the next bite to eat. This is where I'm struggling to recollect my thoughts.  It's not that I   remember, mind you.  I don't   to remember.  Who on this fucking marble called planet Earth   want to forget this? Seven began talking to me for the first time in three days.  I didn't want to reciprocate, because I had to patrol the perimeter that day and he was obviously compromising my position with his banter.  He was saying some shit about one of our foreign recruits hailing from Germany.  Saying things like "we should take him by surprise" and "he'd make for some nice company during dinner."  I mostly ignored what he said, but the little I retained sent chills up my spine. That night, I went to see how the german was doing.  This was the worst mistake of my life, and what I saw would never leave my memories till the day I die.  I opened up the tent and saw Seven with a bloody fistful of the german over his mouth.  I saw the poor man moaning his dying breaths as Seven bit on his intestines.  I'll never forget what the german said.   . In absolute rage, I grabbed a nearby rope and strangled the cannibal Seven to death.  I strangled to death a man who was once my friend.  When the deed was done, the german had already passed.  I cried, holding his bloodied head in my arms.   I couldn't find a dogtag on the german's body.  Seven must've thrown it away somewhere in some inane attempt to cover-up his crime.  The rest of my comrades, upon hearing about what happened, began calling the poor soul "Nein". Reinforcements and supplies arrived a couple days afterwards.  After a few weeks in the hospital, we were sent back into the thick of it all.  War is like that.  It never forgets, but also never cares. I've told this story to so many naive greens during my time in these jungles.  This story kept me up through it all, and not in a good way.  I'll never forget what I saw that night.  When I saw how Sven ate Nein. (TL;DR: Because Seven Eight Nine)
Don't be silly, Black Lives Matters protesters can't change anything.
America
Going in to ask for a coat hanger
Apparently more than 5, because my basement is still dark.
Because seven is a registered six offender
I need to use the word hotdog or mustard in an acronym  They both don't have to be in the same acronym they can be 2 completely different abbreviations.  Its like one or the other. like "Hotdog association of America" HAA, but actually funny. 
It was ridickulous.
You can unscrew a lightbulb
Because I always get weird stairs
Victorian's Secret
They couldn't function together.
Because AIDS gets the girl
he was a bad conductor.
Because his dick was stuck in the chicken.
It's from North Carolina. There were a bunch of dudes standing around a car, and one of them said, "That's a nas' car."
They both come while you're sleeping
Denuvo.
It's relatively funny.
She has a pumpkin for a coach and runs away from the ball.
They're masters in Arielle combat
Because running is past tents.
Because they hang around the fungi.
A gnatural disaster. 
A meowtain
Harambe
Assault and bananaery.
Triggernometry
One. Men can be Feminists, too.
Sneakers.
For Hispanic attacks.
 An American full of himself.
Because you never get a goodbuy from them 
You are fucking stupid if you don't know 
An exorcist.
Answer: Because it was given a good fruit punch! zing
wo ai ni
He finds his dog, his truck gets fixed, and his woman comes home.  
A Slipper. :D
The splits
One
A Dell.
A reprimand from the Scientific Ethics and Integrity Committee and an immediate withdrawal of your grant funding.
22. One to screw the bulb in, two to hold the glass cover, three to hold the three ladders which each of these men are standing on, four out on a boat trying to use light signals to communicate that the light isn't on yet, and 12 celtic band players singing to convince the three men that a fall down 20 flights of stairs would be painful.
Paul: I have good news and bad news. Which do you want to hear first? Michael: The good news. Paul: The good news is that I have no bad news.
When there is a problem they just turn them off and back on 
Zero, feminists can't change anything.
The snack machine.
Claustrophobic.
/Jokes reposts
Staying up all night wondering if there really is a dog.
Because it's always a Sun day
Try necromancy, it's sure to... raise your spirits.
They're always rushin.
Because he doesn't want to be SPOTTED!!!
Shot.
Lusain Belt
Go Outside
Micro Phelps.
Tracy
Denim Denim. Denim
A man is driving down the road and his car breaks down near a monastery. He goes to the monastery, knocks on the door, and says, "My car broke down. Do you think I could stay the night?" The monks graciously accept him, feed him dinner, even fix his car. As the man tries to fall asleep, he hears a strange sound. A sound unlike anything he's ever heard before. The Sirens that nearly seduced Odysseus into crashing his ship comes to his mind. He doesn't sleep that night. He tosses and turns trying to figure out what could possibly be making such a seductive sound. The next morning, he asks the monks what the sound was, but they say, "We can't tell you. You're not a monk." Distraught, the man is forced to leave. Years later, after never being able to forget that sound, the man goes back to the monastery and pleads for the answer again. The monks reply, "We can't tell you. You're not a monk." The man says, "If the only way I can find out what is making that beautiful sound is to become a monk, then please, make me a monk." The monks reply, "You must travel the earth and tell us how many blades of grass there are and the exact number of grains of sand. When you find these answers, you will have become a monk." The man sets about his task.  After years of searching he returns as a gray-haired old man and knocks on the door of the monastery. A monk answers. He is taken before a gathering of all the monks. "In my quest to find what makes that beautiful sound, I traveled the earth and have found what you asked for: By design, the world is in a state of perpetual change. Only God knows what you ask. All a man can know is himself, and only then if he is honest and reflective and willing to strip away self deception." The monks reply, "Congratulations. You have become a monk. We shall now show you the way to the mystery of the sacred sound." The monks lead the man to a wooden door, where the head monk says, "The sound is beyond that door." The monks give him the key, and he opens the door. Behind the wooden door is another door made of stone. The man is given the key to the stone door and he opens it, only to find a door made of ruby. And so it went that he needed keys to doors of emerald, pearl and diamond. Finally, they come to a door made of solid gold. The sound has become very clear and definite. The monks say, "This is the last key to the last door." But of course I can't tell you what's behind the door because you're not a monk
There is one too many of them.
Double jointed. What do you call someone who can smoke three at once? Dead. Don't do drugs.
He is finnished. Ha ha ha. God I am so depressed. :(
What?  You expected more than that? 
Boko Harambe
"Jewish I'd give you money."
For Hispanic attacks
Because he doesn't want to get involved with a cockworker.
Kick his sister in the chin. 
Sodomite
They strike from the shadows.
BooOOOooobs.
You'd think it would be "T", but it is "U".   *Favourite, btw.
Voltorb
"I hung out with Future." "So what." "Young Metro doesn't trust me." "Right this way sir!"
They become Emotional ship-wrecks!! :)
Let's get this sober with.
She gave 25 Gallons of water!
Lemon-ade 
Because it's always a THAI game.
Down. The egg falls down.
Being able to walk. 
He didn't want no scrubs
Un phrarmachien!
Never mind, I'll find someone like you
Read this on facebook. Hilarious haha STUDENT: Sir, can I ask a question? TEACHER: Yes! STUDENT: How do you put an elephant inside a fridge? TEACHER: I don't know. STUDENT: It's easy, you just open the fridge and put it in. I have another question! TEACHER: Ok, ask. STUDENT: How to put a donkey inside the fridge? TEACHER: It's easy, you just open the fridge and put it in. STUDENT: No sir, You just open the fridge take out the elephant and put it in. TEACHER: Ooh...ok!! STUDENT: Let me ask another one. If all the animals went to the lion's birthday party, and one animal went missing which one would it be? TEACHER: The lion of course! Because it wud eat all the animals. STUDENT: No sir, it is the donkey becoz it's still inside the fridge. TEACHER: Are you kidding me? STUDENT: No sir, 1 last question. TEACHER: Ok! STUDENT: If there's a river full of crocodiles and you wanted to cross, how would you? TEACHER: There's no way, I would need a boat to cross. STUDENT: No sir, you just swim and cross it because all the animals went to the lion's birthday party.
cause engineers havent been able to make one that's right.
Who knows? Who cares?
Harry Potter escaped the chamber
None. They just beat the room for being dark.
Penguini
Patrick Fitzgerald and Gerald Fitzpatrick. 
Because they pikachu 
You have Vladmir Putin a word for you. 
Czar Wars
A tribal tattoo makes you laugh.
Spastics!
Here you go: 
Cuz I wanna splatter all over you until you start screaming.
.RAR
It was made from reclaimed wood.
They always say "Put me in coach!"
They don't tell you
The Chinese tourist.
They're both fine assets!
Wai Tu Yung
You
The last one who had a dream got shot.
"Your shortness."
Oh well that's just uber, isn't it
I don't know...just fitting in I guess.
The fun guy
A Comedian actually has funny jokes that doesn't repeat. 
Icy dead people
Phelps. 
They both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick 
A gun only has one trigger.
Every picture of me is a Dick pic. Which is to say my own mother hangs Dick pics on her walls.
She was searching for her udder half.
If you have bird flu you need tweetment.  If you have swine flu you need oinkment.
Food buyer: No, but can I get a bowl a soup?  Read out loud. 
Because one of them dropped a nickel.
See you next "fall".
BAD COMMAND OR FILENAME
Nothing. They were stuck up bitches. 
Rock enroll.
It was two tired.
Thirty.
'No idea.....' 'What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs?' 'Still no idea.......' My all time favourites :)
Whatever you want, he can't hear you..
Chavocado
I stopped butchering goats.
I never took a skinny on a girl's chest.
Poultry
To get to the bigger crowd
Imagi'nation'
...uncles 
Sizzle-r
The chicken came first
All of them, but Nazi.
14, maybe 15, but only if the plates ...  'run around a lot!'
An emoji...  Emo g, get it?  From my 13 year old son
The "C"!
To get to the other side!
Molly Poppins.
Because everybody who can run, jump, or swim is already in America.
clan chowder
Colorizebot
One. They're efficient and don't have humour.
He wanted to harm monica. 
Hebrewses
Just one. He holds up the bulb and waits for the world to revolve around him.
With little knotsies.
You get Halo-tosis. :-/
There is none; Southerners both hang them from trees.
"Aloha Ackbar" doesn't go over well at the airport 
No raisin
Ones a scum sucking bottom feeder and the other ones a fish.
No you lazy little shit, do it yourself!
His dick tastes like shit.
A Hasidic Jew. (Thank you.. Thank you.. I'll be here all week..)
He got a puncture now he lives in a Flat.     OK bye.
Icy dead people
No it doesn't...
River banks
He found Hillary's emails
Because they like to pick and chew
Sparky.
Turns out he was too big to snail.
Who gives a shit, he's finally done ruining the sport. 
Retreat that way!
Because he kneaded a poo
Da bess bayball playa who eva live!
An oathmeal
One thousand instagrams
They're calling it iRan.
Because he only comes once a year.
You're my breast friend. Budum tits.
It never gets old
He was well arrested!
Two Thirty.
Because their condoms were Made in China.
The Captains log
He's trying to watch his sodium intake.
Dig a hole and put Ash Ketchum in it. Then when a Pokemon comes by, run up and kick it in the Ash-hole.
A gun only has one trigger. 
Because they have no right.
It was a very religious chicken.
The pencil is better. It has a point.
Ripostes them
His dog died.
The wheelchair
Cut out all that blubber and you can be more like me.
The sound you make  10th floor " AHHHHHHHHH   " 1st floor "   AHHHHHHHHHH "
They're both green, smell like farts, and will stay that way for 47 years.
Getting that good D
he's now a seasoned veteran 
Keep it in the cow.
Getting off early
I don't know and I don't care.
 h-hooo   h-hooo
Because he had no compaDREs.
A gun only has one trigger.
It smells like carrots. 
Pokémon Go!
They like the part where the prostitute pays them
Ans: PASAL, OBOL and BASI
A Magic Johnson.
Because it was a mail dominated industry
Enough to kill two and half a man.
A Suicide Squat
"I've got a shituation"
Put it in rice.
Then don't look at  . 
Because it has a carpool tunnel. 
Wow, that ass sure took a pounding
Stealhead!
You can't ippon a Nippon.
It was poor execution.
The Little Mermaid on her period.
Russian roulette, except with a full chamber.
Soo-Duhh!
Ese's(Essays)
Black man working
LeBronze James
Summer...Her name's summer. 
Only one of them is organized.
He was nuts over her.
Because they strongly dislike vacuums.
So they can prevent breakouts.
Tennish
The fruits of her labor.
Why is a giraffe's neck so long? Because his neck is way up here! (Dad Joke)
They couldnt find any leads! 
LMAO
I can't go on. 
A Tea-bone
Beer nuts are $1.25 and deer nuts are under a buck...
Ain't no merci
Salt
They'd rather fuck an asshole than a pussy!
Because if you only bring one, he'll drink all your beer.
To keep his nuts dry.
I wouldn't pay to have a lentil on my face! 
When Bernie quits everyone is fucked. When Trump quits, everyone is saved.
Caribou can't fly. 
With a small loan of a million dollars.
They both change your ring tone
Urethra Franklin 
Wrong, the word is wrong
Give him a used tampon and ask him to determine which period it came from. 
In other news, a dentist has recently been found dead in his apartment.
2 in the front, 3 in the back, 6 million in the ashtray...
eggs get laid!
His brother with the laptop.
Not being retarded.
A cheetah.
The Nun has hope in her soul and the lady taking a bath has soap in her hole.
You Pokémon!
Fur traders....
<message deleted>
To get his quarterback. 
How should I know?
Toot tonic 
He had a 2-2.
Dr. Dre
Jack Daniels is still killing Indians.
Run. He still has the grenade in his teeth.
A vacuum cleaner.
Rolaids.
A dedipus complex.
Haramblebee
They are calling their group the Black Guy Pees.
"Hey... wanna go steady?" (There's 7 billion people in the world, so 9 billion on Reddit. If this has been done before, I apologize. TBfuckingH I'm drunk and hope it hasn't.)
MOOOOOO!!!!
He won the Nobel prize.  (Sorry if this has been posted before, I heard it today for the first time and it made my day)
Because it was FAT.
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Go Player? Ash...
He heils a taxi!
With a corporate ladder.
Nobody can judge you on your age difference.
There's no such thing as a lightbulb.  How could such a thing appear fully formed.  It was put there by Satan to trick everyone.
They should rename it to "No Man Should Buy"...
Trick question! You need brain cells to get into college.
Very Quackly
None, that's what students are for.
aye maighty
apparently, he loved the taste of seamen.
Mr. Do Ping
She starts fitting into your wife's clothes.
A condescending con descending. 
Just kidding, feminists don't change anything
Hearing AIDS
Because it's all done one handed.
If you leave Yogurt alone for 200 years, it develops a culture.
To get to the other side
"Shtanzas"
It was a no brainer. 
A crowbar.
A 100 dollar bill you pervert!
Hold onto your nuts, this is no   blow job!
No IT guys change light bulbs, they just keep flicking the switch on and off again until something happens.
A hatchback. 
A prius
A virgin
Because all the ones that can run, jump and swim are already in America.
Congratulations, you have a healthy new baby!
Pantene
Nighttime, you racist bastard.
It de-Pence on who you ask.
Seating for four!
John Linen
Human beans 
Because Steele Johnson always comes second.
He was fingering a minor
Oh God, not the B's!
the bucket
Somebody who stays up all night torturing himself mentally over the question whether or not there’s a dog. EDIT: I just started reading Infinite Jest and thought this was a good one to share.
They're both Peter Sellers
Beat the dead horse. 
Because it wasn't born yesterday.
Cop: "Did you kill this man?" Me: "No, a bullet killed him. Bullets are made of lead, which comes from the ground. The ground is part of nature. He died of natural causes. Case closed."
Just Juan you racist bastard. The other twelve are sleeping on the floor.
You repost a joke in which the punchline is [removed]
Zikachu.
How do you get a witch pregnant?
One composes, the other decomposes...
Nothing, they're both stuck up bitches.
he walk in and screams victor and victor screams aaryan.
One is a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean.
They have the best schools for it. 
You boil the hell out of it!
Right where you left it.
A: Yeah, of course! Reply: Right on, now fuck off.
Slicking her hair back and making her look like a six year old boy.
Every time they get a corner they put a dairy on it.
I would've gotten second if it weren't for you medaling kids.
idk theres just something about it that drives me crazy
Nothing. You already told him twice.
Girl: You mean 69? Guy: No, 68. Girl: What's 68?! Guy: You go down on me and I'll owe you one. 
Because Steele Johnson always comes second.
Rage Upon the Latrine
Look ma, no hands! 
Virgin Mobile
Have a eggsellent day.
People are sad that the state of syria failed.
You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna
A repost.
I don't know, I close my eyes when I masturbate.  
Sure Thanks?
Just had a Seizure. (too those who dont get it read it out loud quickly) 
Lunch and dinner.
Sir Cumference, he ate too much pi 
To see the front
Because they can get their whole grains. 
To escape the Orangutan Sanctuary!
At least a zit waits until you're a teenager before it cums on your face! 
He only Phelps himself.
Ten tickles.
When he is standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice 
He found the apple was a surprisingly down-to-Earth kinda guy.
The U.S. potato can still compete in the Special Olympics.
Son: "nice try, a chair!" Dad: "Nope. Our dog just died."
The sails were going through the roof.
They throw a boat at it.
Depends how hard you can throw them.
I can't remember.
feminism.
It's too busy.
NASCAR, because it's always heading to the left. 
No one wants to be comic sans. 
Cream of SumYungGai
Dope!
Dicks out for her  amb!
Cuz i feel a connection
A Scottish Guy is suing an American Quiz show. He was denied the $50000 top prize when he was told he had answered the final question incorrectly. He however insists he was correct in his answer. Here is what he was asked: Question - Where is Santa Fe? Scottish guy's answer - North Pole
Tell my wifi won't be home for dinner. 
because im a black man you racist
My crippling debt.
Cheer-Rios
A despair-agus
Not too well considering they can't finish a race.
Because it's pointless.
Because he treats women like objects. EDIT: phrasing

haRAMbe
Just a little before Eve 
Weathered. 
What's the difference between a rapist and a pope?
You can't tuna fish!
Because victoria has secrets . 
Mo' lasses
A walk
No? Well, they must be hiding pretty good
Page two of Google
Walking
Because it's hard to put out a Greece fire. 
Getting out of bed. You never feel like it making hard to get up and you usually take a long time to.
A woman doesn't accept 3 1/2 inch floppies.
Because they literally can't even.
Michael J Fox
He was Robin.
A jet engine stops whining after it lands
Because they can dress foreless.
"Well, I'll deal with this asbestos I can!" 
None, it's already lit fam.
Because Allah likes digimon
Two, and a really big lightbulb.
Because it was rated R.

One waits till you're 14 before coming on your face.
The quality of the sandwich.
Allah snack bar. They say its the bomb!
Katy Perry
Post.
Game of Cones If it was about sword sharpening: Game of Hones If it was just everyone playing Go: Game of Stones If everyone was single: Game of Alones If it was about balls: Game of Throwns If it was about spooky scary skeletons: Game of Bones If everyone used UAVs to fight: Game of Drones If everyone was a banker: Game of Loans If it was about breakfast foods: Game of Scones
Neither has him.
I ( ) can't ( ) understand ( ) your accent ( ).
Because they are the Facist animals within existence.
The black market.
Elephino 
Because they take a steroid.
Bisexual.
Polska Kielbasa.
You ask.
The freezer doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
Her wedding cake.
It's fresh ground.
Sargento
I'm the one, you zero!
One is made of plastic and dangerous for children to play with... And the other carries groceries.
They use 2-in-1 shampoo
Nothing, it just waved.
The wheelchair
If you open the windows in a submarine, your problems will begin.
i made a grave mistake
More like Pizza Butt
'Hugh Hefner right to do this!'
A-lou-AK-bar.
Obe-city
an ill eagle
Don't worry. Some asshole will tell you.
Back my Smitch Up!
Because they're ex-perts
The white amount.
It sucked a lot. 
A New Jersey
Mt. Erebus
A zombie.
Ralveoli.
Sir Cumference
Because the Earth is always tilted.
Hitler!
Her dad.
Everything is 12 or under.
Anything, just don't call him late for dinner. 
With a shotgun suicide.
Cruise control.  LOL fuck everyone hahahaha 666SATAN666
Call a big toe truck.
Nothing. God is a fictitious construct and deviled eggs are chicken embryos filled with condiments. Find something better to do with your time.  
AL- qaeda
"Define intervention." Came up with this today at work. 
First we steal two Eggs
It was a period piece.
The Trumpet.
A polar bear.
The plot thickens.
Michael Jackson's ghost's hand.
Because jokes don't make people laugh, people make people laugh.
A Luter.
When it was Jew.
Someone who doesn't have any expewience
Your under a vest
Because they ate all the lox. 
A doctor
Canadian
Abra Cadaver. 
Buds before suds, bro.
Having half a screaming child on your hands.
My mother-in-law.
That I will open the door
Vladimir Gluten
By investing in a shavings account. 
Yello?
You would too if the guy in front of you at the Theatre was wearing a Top Hat!
The extroverted mathematician looks at YOUR shoes when he's speaking to you.
Mean.
Awkward.
Both should be changed regularly, and both for the same reason.
An quittance of Joe said: "Have you ever been to a party" Joe responded: "yes" The Acquaintance replied: "Yeah but like one where you were randomly invited and didn't know anyone there" Joe quickly replied: "Yeah, I have actually" The Acquaintance said surprised: "Really? which one?" Joe: "My schools' after prom party".
shitpost
They both spit fire
In the mainstream.
Hit.
It's the one that always sinks....
Pink Fluff! What is blue and fluffy? Pink fluff holding it's breath!
They both steal your bike.
The longer you play with it, the harder it gets. 
Happiness... you dirty bastards
Because people are dying to get in there.
Men. credit: 
High finance.
The titanic
A pepperonly pizza!
REDDIT BE
A prestidigitator tot!
My point is old people shouldn't get to vote 
He used the Cross Walk. 
A skimpy.
The Delete Key
.....change??
His personality. 
Put his coupons under his charity pamphlet.
Decaf coffee.
They were all petrified. 
You want flies with that?
The children always end up with lice in their hair.
Beef Stroganoff. 
With an itheberg.
A PeaCUNT
Christian Bales
nothing 
America
Mutated
Because you are CuTe Credits to Life is Strange video game. 
He was ill.

"Don't you think you're selling yourself short?"
A cheetah 
A hundred sows and bucks.
With dental floss
This clique bait will shock you!
Everywhere.
Picasso
Say No To This.
None
The pencil has a point
Harlem Shake.

They use sea bras.
A Zikachu
Super-Pac man.
"Allahu Akhbarrrr"
E.T learned English and wanted to go home.
Shampoo
Jim.
You tell them a bad joke.
"Man, if we don't get some support, people will think we're nuts."
Wonderwall Mexican cover
Pay $100 for 30 minutes
Peeking :) (credit lowlife9 & lemnman37)
Of course, a house doesn’t jump at all.
RPM ( Revolutions Per Minute )
Six hasn't been the same since he left Vietnam. He can seldom close his eyes without opening them again at fear of Charlies lurking in the jungle trees. Not that you could ever see the bastards, mind you. They were swift, and they knew their way around the jungle like nothing else. He remembers the looks on the boys' faces as he walked into that village and... oh, Jesus. The memories seldom left him, either. Sometimes he'd reminisce - even hear - Tex's southern drawl. He remembers the smell of Brooklyn's cigarettes like nothing else. He always kept a pack of Lucky's with him. The boys are gone, now. He knows that; it's just that he forgets, sometimes. And, every now and then, the way that seven looks at him with avid concern in his eyes... it makes him think. Sets him on edge. Makes him feel like he's back there... in the jungle.
Suicide squat.
Put 30 crates of vodka near the pool
Buckaneer 
[removed]
One, but you can be sure a whole Reddit community will appear to expand the joke, make it funnier and eventually run it into the ground.
A Pander.
Uranium gets to its half-life on time.
He was too far out man.
Whig
Hippies don't screw in lightbulbs they screw in dirty sleeping bags. 
A man buys a lie detector robot that slaps people who lie. He decides to test it at dinner.  He asks his son, "Son, where were you today during school hours?"  "At school."  The robot slaps the son.  "Okay, I went to the movies!"  The father asks, "Which one?"  "Harry Potter."  The robot slaps the son again.  "Okay, I was watching porn!"  The father replies, "What? When I was your age I didn't even know what porn was!"  The robot slaps the father.  The mom chimes in, "Haha! After all, he is your son!"  The robot slaps the mother.
"Aisle,altar,hymn.”
"Please Get Out The Pool"
Have it Yahweh
A LEOtard.
FOR JUST ICE
A Megasoreass
Tit tea.
One's a meteorologist and the other's a meaty urologist.
"I falafel."
Usain Bolt can actually finish a race.
Because they lost an I.
 
You're gonna need a hell of a big wok to fit a wheelchair.
Baby elephants.
Make people study for 18 years and dont give them a job. 
Dinner
A wife will blow a bonus.
Cranium.
A harumble.
... I forgot it.
Respond to this post or else your mother will die in her sleep tonight
They take their prison population and school population to Rio.
I heard they're called Juan Direction
Because he was a urologist.
The US elections. 
Of course! She said it was a gas!
'One two three' cat, because 'Un deux trois' cat sank.
A homeless epileptic.
Rape. 
Step up: transformers :v
A headache.
Ukraine.
Kermit the Frog's Finger.
Because he's allergic to glutes
He’s on tour.
Hitler never raped a 13 year old.
A seizure salad.
One blows up kids, the other gets blown  by them.
Are ya?
Because its cheaper than chemo.
Because dinosaurs went extinct 65 million years ago.
Batman can go out at night without Robin
Arnold Schwarzenegger said, "I'll be Bach."
Your dog, because it'll stop barking once you let it in.
One is in a coma, and the other is gay.
To get to the other side.
Meowterspace
A pimple only comes on your face after puberty. 
A cusstomer
The Suicide Squad
Hitler's lesser known, second, book about his love of knitting.
A spuddy in the nuddy! 
Disguise!
It wasn't born yesterday.
Or just mine?
Oedipal panties. 
A wok on.
Ask your parents.
Ow, mitosis!
You might think it's II, but his true love be the C.
They split up.
Shitpost.
now give me a second hand job
Who cares
I can't jelly my dick in your ass
A small loan of a million dollars. 
Newspaper
Because they can
Chloroform SHHHH..
Haaay
They both wiggle when you eat them.
A threesome
To get to the NAMBLA convention. Or so I've heard. I don't know if its true. Many people are saying it. It's something I've heard, but I don't believe Donald Trump supports NAMBLA, or that he donated several million dollars to NAMBLA over the last several years.
If the creator were to forget to rig it!
Omelette!!
A Labracadabrador.
You switch the 'n' with 'q'.
An astronaut you fucking racist
Hebrew
Just an electron that goes around looking for a fuse to blow!
I don't know, but my Dad said it was a mistake.
NOTHING....!!!
Nothing, sooner or later they will both be laid by a Mexican
Coconuts have hair
A buccaneer! 

A-corny joke.
I don't know, but their flag is a huge plus.
Post on Sundays.
Back to school ads
He's looking over his shoulder
North West
Antique farm equipment
Oranges have thick skin. Let the downvotes fly, people! You've only got one! Edit: Did not expect this joke to get this good of a reception. Thanks, guys!
A steam sale
Rubbit
I don't know but my dad said it was a mistake :D
An artist. My 11 year son just came up with this one.
The box the penis comes in!
... but Abu Dhabi do!
How come it only sounds judgy and sarcastic after I've finished jacking off?
A stick.
Homo erectus.
Boko Harambe
They were documented to have sold Coke. 
Nothing. They weren't mulch for conversation.
Californians don't screw in light bulbs, they screw in hot tubs and infinity pools.
Coming out of the closet.
You get a cobbler! 
Address! 
Baghdad!
Because they need to grip the broom! 
"Is this a tumblr meetup?"
My dead grandmother.
You swimming pull
Julying!
Because praying for a bug fix is guaranteed to fail.
pre-wall
A hippocratic hypocrite.
The pricks are on the outside of a porcupine
asked a son to his father. "It means 'happy,'" replied the father. "Oh," contested the son, "so are you gay, then?" "No, son, I have a wife."
You have to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it.
He overslept.
There is a lot of blowing and sucking at first, but in the end you lose your home!
I heard he is all right now
Chasing pokemons... 
Kim Kardashian's face.
When you're a billionaire.
Because it's easier than running from Law Enforcement 
Stevie Wonder
They both can't reach really far.
"You owe me five billion million gajillion bucks coz I turned into a human and run for a president. The other half doesn’t have the money to pay, and that he would kill himself soon.
It hangs itself
Because, at the center of the detonation site, they found a moose-limb.
Offer him a free train ticket
You can unscrew a lightbulb.
Darth Mall.
Passive-Aggression
Donald Trump. I lied about the wheels.
Because they can't even!
A guy will actually spend time searching for a Golf Ball. 
Arapahoe
Gropetemis Prime.
To get to the school yard.
To be put out.
7-Eleven on the dot.
Your spine Edit: Thanks guys, made it to the front page. Was my first joke and   spine joke on Reddit. 
blue one blew this way, one blew that way
Minisoda
They steal all the green cards!
You can't fix shit with all that screaming and crying. (  Check #2 here:  )
He was in dah Nile.
Because he left the Windows open.
YEEEEAAAAH! GO CEILING! YOU NUMBER ONE BABY! WOOOOOOHOOOOOO!
You take the s out of safe and the f out of way!
White Vans
It's okay, we're Bi-son.
He puts it in the Wash﻿.
A cripple. 
It tears your apart.
They're shellfish in bed.
Walk on water, he ain't swimming in that filth.
Masterbaiter
A bad anti-joke
Tinder
Try sticking a pineapple in your ass, then tell me
Walk up to the nearest police officer and you're in.
People from Dubai don't watch The Flintstones, but people from Abu Dhabi do
Because you remove them.
Donald Trump. 
Unemployed. 
Wheeeeeee!
Seven.
allahpeno
Because every time she reaches 69 she gets a frog in her throat. 
Abra-cadaver
Christopher Walken
The vampire hunter made a miss-stake.
a maggot
They both used to be on top gear.
Its arsehole.
Because instead of "Oh Joseph! Cum in me!", Mary said "Oh God! Cum in me!"
Blood sausage.
Pokemon Go! 
A tire.
An incorporation.
She wanted open borders.
Bison
Santa stops after three "hoes"
They prefer fur mats.
One fine morning in Eden, God was looking for Eve, but couldn't find them. God saw Adam and asked where Eve was? Adam replied, "She's down at the Ocean, taking a bath."  "Damn," says God, "now all the fish will smell."
Q: What does a waiter ask a group of Jewish ladies? A: "Is ANYTHING all right?"
He was gonna hijack a plane but he didn't want to use his miles Credit: Hesh from The Sopranos Note: I'm Jewish, not sure if that makes it better or worse ;-)
LGBTQ+
Jaques straps
Your mom can't take a joke.
I'm stronger than you.
It came in the mail.
Dill or No Dill
It's a pain in the ass.
Because he has a woodpecker!
He plays the TRUMPet.
Gay
A vegetarian doesn't like meat and a virgin doesn't know yet if she likes meat or not.
He had a plane to catch. 
To the Moooovies 
No idea man, im just flying the drone. 
Because they get undie find errors.
You would be too if someone was pulling on your hose all day.
They both have a collection of CP
She : I just left my job. I couldn't work for that man after what he said to me. Me : What did he say ? She : You're fired.
Not funny. Except in that you know, "heh, meta" kinda way. Heh, meta.
"Age is just a number"
A book has papers.
Hilary's dick.
Because they offer a good celery.
Make up sex.
No, you are all left
84% of their dna 
[deleted]
Nothing! They just WAVED. SEA what I did there? I'm SHORE you did. Let MINNOW if you are not getting it. SHELL I continue?? No?.. I guess I'll stop WHALE I'm ahead. Thanks ladies and gentlefish
Because he wants to send them back to Poland
None, the beer should be open by the time she has brought it to you.
Admit it, your mind said 
Ass pair I guess... EDIT: Wow! Reddit Gold and Front Page! Thank you everyone, I will continue my new dream career of writing jokes on my commute to work! I love you all!
They both fiddle with a rod

To catch Charmander
[removed]
Two kilomockingbirds  (credit goes to my old physics book)
Instagran
gundy
"BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T FUCKING COOK IT!" -Gordon Ramsay
Tea. It's an ant tea joke.
About 20 beers!!
Police brutality.
Because fuck you,  that's why!
A midwife crisis.
Poepurry
They   insist that the fit could be better.
A tooth fairy 
Cancer always wins.
It chips their teeth.
It got caught in a trap chewed off three legs and was still trapped.
Vladimir Poutine.
He will have to move in a smaller house in a black neighbourhood
Fuck her. Alt - Dress her as an alter boy.
EVERYDAY !!
Because he felt like BACON!
Answer: pseudo-coup (say it out loud)
Two in the front, three in the back and the rest in the ashtray.
You have to sit in the back of the oven.
Weeaboo
Light green
The Tuna, since all of the others are crushedasians.
Paper titties
They both give kids a little head.
To watch the butterfly
Shoot before he hits the water.
Elephino...
"You're fired." 
Space.
Because he doesn't like looking down on the unemployed. First to ever post this joke here, yay!
Racism has many faces...
Edam.
A really strong gust of wind.
"I'm not really Willie Nelson"
Because that's the only Father they know.
No one told him life was gonna be this way.
"Bulbasaur!!"
They're calling it "Make America Gyrate Again" - it's all about putting people back to twerk.
A skinned baby in a bag of salt. *squeals
Oh God I'm cumming!
A ro-tater.
... A nail gun
They planet.
Well, last week was my birthday. My wife didn't wish me a happy birthday. My parents forgot and so did my kids. I went to work and even my colleagues didn't wish me a happy birthday.  As I entered my office, my secretary said, "Happy birthday, boss!"  I felt so special. She asked me out for lunch.  After lunch, she invited me to her apartment.  We went there and she said,  "Do you mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute?"  "Okay," I said.  She came out 5 minutes later with a birthday cake, my wife, my parents, my kids, my friends, & my colleagues all yelling, "SURPRISE!!!"  while I was waiting on the sofa... NAKED. 
Hey that's mycoat Jackson!
Jack of all Spades
Energy!
Roll-aids. 
Because he wanted twenty good Meng.
They both like to crack open a cold one
It's a once in a lifetime experience 
He was alive before he died.
Hyrule.
Sir
One's a crusty bus station and the other's a busty crustacean.
A dogwood
It just lepton.
A group of fathers are sitting around talking about their teenage daughters. One dad says, " I think my 16 year old is smoking; I found a empty cigarette pack under her bed." All the other fathers say in unison, "Oh no!" Then a second dad says, "That's nothing. I found an empty liquor bottle under my 16 year old's bed." All the other fathers say in unison, "Oh dear!" Then a third dad says, "Mine's worse than both of those combined: I went into my 16 year old daughter's room and found a used condom." All the other fathers say in unison, "Jesus Christ!" The third father replies "Yeah, I didn't know she had a dick!"
To get to the other side 
In the can-can can can.
America
Grow up. 
You're peein'
One connects to all your devices and access your data, one connects to all your devices and access your data.
An increase in battery cases.
It comes in the mail.
...they all fell off a truck.
X. Because he (or she) is a salty little bitch
He was hammered.
A space bar. 
Three. One to pay a Mexican to do it, two to deport him afterwards.
OOPS! GOT YOUR NOSE!
Because Seven Ate Nine!! Holy shit lmfao.
A lick-alot-o-puss.
A nail gun.
"friends"
HE PULLED THE BONESAPART! Lol and a rock for yuhhhhh!
He saw the phone bill.


Holdzemfromfloppen
Daniel Boone WAS a man . . .
I would tell it, but I don't get it.
And where the hell is my butt-plug?
None. It's already lit fam. 
HUBBLE HUBBLE!
White because his father returned.
You'll never catch 'em all! 
Because they just can't even 
They're all living under Iraq
Come again?
Because they can
Nothing, they are both stuck up cunts.
...gnocchi
Neighbor
They both pull out of Roslyn every morning at 8:15.
Woopsie Poopsie :) 
Darude - Sandstorm
I sing in the shower.
They wouldn't have a sole. 
Flop-Flops :)
A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven
When there is a change in weather  Forgive me
Because he got the cold shoulder.
Because they Lac-Tose.
Albert Einstein.
None Edit: Repost
Harambe. 
Tie food
Pregnant.
You pull down its genes! 
Cos sin tan (Because suntan)
Ghastly.
Snowballs!
Because everyone's making a racket.
Paddy O'Furniture.
To cover up Bill's jizz
with an itheberg.
Black kid: because you got ears you dumb ass b*tch.
One goes   "Shit!" and the other goes "Shit!" 
Stoned.
Depends
Because he's our father, and still hasn't come back yet....
With an ithberg
It was in tents. 
Hail.. seizure
Aye Matey
"Lettuce prey"
They'll both lie and tell you it's a footlong to get paid.
Darude - Sandstorm
Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles playing tennis.
Cha Ching
It's tough to stand on your own when you have no spine.
America
The slow swimmer.
Arrrrpg's
Leukemia Skywalker.
He spent his day cutting up vegetables 
Because it messes with their hops
A Brazilian.
Because it's just another Jew Lie (The Holocaust is real and this is just a joke)
White Vans 
When the Reddit servers are ready to go down on me anytime?
Watching your mother-in-law backing up towards the edge of a cliff in your new BMW.
Homer-sexual
One ton soup.
I am good with money like Jews are. I have squinty eyes like asians have. I love fried chicken like black people does.
Out of all of your friends you have the biggest dick. 
Because he can't finish a race.
Because it's pretty depressing to have a Tamagotchi that'll out-live you.
A bus containing the Black Panthers and KKK.
Borderlands.
They cant find their home
Because it has four A's and one B. 
"Topical meme." 
She wants to be the first lady.
Two Chainz.
He sipped his drink before it was cool
He was sleeping with the fishes.
Because they're constant in a pool.
A parent, Lee.
I was a food truck before it was cool.
Weights
Because they're pretty hard drugs to come by
Cause when he asked her why she shot it, she replied: "I asked it what it was before I shot. But that cow wasn't gonna fool me!"
An engineer makes a lot of fucking money, whereas a prostitute could make a lot of money fucking.
His horse Marengo
Fush
I start with a “v” and every woman has one. She can even use me to get what she wants. What am I? I'll post the answer in 10 minutes.
A: Elephants never forget.
Easy.  More traffic is going to hell.
Fencing.
Breathe.
Haram Bae
God speed.
You can't.
A wet vet vet.
An autumn-mobile.
To get to the other side.
Because he doesn't exist.
A baby combing its hair with an apple peeler
They're afraid of change.
He suffered an elegiac reaction.
Because William Shatner.
One's protein, the other's anti-teen.
Because he had the right of way.
Because everyone is dying to get in
It was Pirated.
A Wunch
He used conditioner on them. 
Dead.
The first one is the engagement ring...the second one is the wedding ring...and the third one is the suffering.
They're both looking for a tight seal
Don't worry, they'll tell you.
Because he couldn't concentrate 
A Fjord Fjesta
Because his fiancee is a cantaloupe!
Thanks, sis.
Neighbor! 
An epileptic cornhusker shucks between fits. 
Fish
Tony.
Anytiiiiiiiiiime
Shots for everyone!
Personally, i want to go out as my grandpa. Peacefully in his sleep. Unlike his passengers, screaming and crying.
none because There is A Light That Never Goes Out.
More like Pokemon GO to the poll.
Because he wanted the worst cellphone service in the world.
Tsarbucks
Sonic the eggnog.
A garbage truck!
Horses
Your Mother. 
Because he has down syndrome
They all Suck
I just call that semen
Party fowl.
Captain Cook.
The archeologists convention is a nerdy bunch of diggers.
"For hispanic and for herspanic"
Have Vladimir Putin take laxatives.
20 hot 9 year olds.
They always shoot the black 
Do I point at my crotch when I ask where the toilet is?
They can't stand seeing a man have a good time.
A sneaker.
A MISTAKE!!!
Turn it upside down!
The stu-stu-studio.
Donald Trump sneezes.
mathgic
Joe mama
Now you're just Stallin.
If they go to college, they'll probably get stoned.
Reddit Old
Wiped his butt.
A Fungi!
PSYtama.
He was not an archdevil.
Just Juan
Execution is everything. 
Escargot.
Both give you a good chance of catching something 
Short legged cows
Adolphin
Bingo!
Because his dick was still in the chicken.
It's because it works!
To get to the other side.
He just comes out of nowhere.
Just read her name backwards!
Make them think about Donald Trump
Take away its internet access.
Find out next time, on Dragon Ball Z!
A moon-tain. 
With a very seductive voice a wife asked her husband "Have you ever seen $20 all crumpled up?" "No", said her husband. She gave him a sexy little smile, unbuttoned the top three buttons of her blouse and slowly reached down in her cleavage created by a soft, silky push-up bra and pulled out a crumpled twenty dollar bill. He took the crumpled twenty dollar bill from her and smiled approvingly. She then asked "Have you ever seen $50 all crumpled up?""No I haven't" he said with an anxious tone in his voice. She gave him another sexy little smile pulled up her skirt, seductively reached into her tight sheer panties and pulled out a crumpled fifty dollar bill. He took the crumpled fifty dollar bill and started breathing a little quicker with anticipation. "Now" she said "Have you ever seen $50,000 all crumpled up?" "No way" he said becoming even more aroused and excited, to which she replied:"Good go look in the garage."
Give it a badge. 
You end up with 100 people who don't do dick
Get off me, homes. 
Why not? Air is free anyway!
He said "This time I am going to kill 6 million Jews and two clowns!" "Two Clowns? Why are you going to kill two clowns?" "See? Nobody cares about zee Jews."
Antique machinery
When it leaves you and never comes back.
A toad says rib-it, rib-it. A horny toad says rub-it, rub-it.
A Chinese telephone.   Wing wing.  Arrow? 
Because they'll get sand in their schlitz. 
Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
Hey look, we have the same IPhone case
Nothing. So he doesn't come...
Find out in the next episode of Dragon! Ball! Z!
He was bacon in the heat.
May I push your stool in.
Yoko Ono
Tennish
Many people saw his Van Gogh from the scene of the crime.
Because they're jalapeño business.
She couldn't see that well.
Do these genes make me look fat?
Fortunes.
PokéMongoDB
They would be eraticated
Someone who goes down a lot.
Go for the juggler.
Because I might vote for it.
Pokemon go always goes down on me
I can pull out of my driveway.
Infideli-tea.
UBantu
A Dairy Queen
Because the ice always Thors.
Enter, backspace, enter, backspace, enter, backspace...
This joke will be back someday
Euros!
Dad: Because your mother put her heart and soul into it.
A firm believer.
It just  escaped from a coop.
You got a day off school to go to his funeral so why wouldn't you happy about it.
Because he has little legs.
He's flat Baroque...
A communion wafer
Hoodini I made this one up
Cuz you'd be snowed-in 
The black kid. Cause he's 21. People here get butthurt by the simplest jokes. Good lord.
He was mind-blown 
Because if so, I might vote for it.
because we can't eat it :/ Have a good night/day everyone.
Knock! Knock! Who’s there? Mary and Abbey. Mary and Abbey who? Mary Christmas and Abbey New Year!
He rectum.
The polar bear
A small medium at large
To keep the cheerleaders from grazing at halftime.
Because millions of them already got roasted
The hot dogs taste like shit.
Hello from the other side.
Pier Pressure
For Drizzle.
Too many cheetahs.
Virgin mobile 
Donald Trump, President of the United States of America
Because its Fry-day.
There wasn't enough evidence to find out for sure. 
A wet nose.
The punchlines were too long.
Chris Vroom
Alan Rickman and David Bowie have both died recently.
Kay-so-deal-a?
Apparently they myst some deadlines.
8 mile
1 dead baby stapled to 10 trees.
I can't either, but I'm sure there's a vas deferens.
Because there is a fucking dead horse inside of it.
The delivery.
Only one as the rest of the world simply MUST revolve around them...
Nice. 
He has cancer.
Allahu Mybad
They always bomb the punchline!
When it's a riposte.
Whatever you like, what's he going to do about it anyway?
When it is a riposte
Or just mine?
He bombed.
Ginger ale.  
I'm more of a L'Oreal fan
It was a cardinal sinner.
Uncle Ben's rice
Get off me Daddy! You're crushing my cigarettes!
Santa goes   the chimney. 
Using an easy-bake oven. 
They only like to use "creative outlets"
Everywhere
I am sure they will find the answer, sum-where.
To render buildings on the other side
Pummus.
Two old men are playing a round of golf. One says, "in my old age, I find myself making more Freudian slips." The other says "what's a Freudian slip"? The first man says, "is when you intend to say one thing, but actually say what you were really thinking. Like the other day, I had a new secretary, as I was leaving the office, I meant to say 'see you next time' but actually said 'knee you sex time'. It was really just embarrassing." The other man says, "oh, yeah, I have Freudian slips all the time, then. Just this morning my wife made eggs and bacon. I meant to ask her to pass the salt, but instead I said "you bitch, you've ruined my life."
Because they have jobs.

Don't get smart with me.
Usually they prefer to be called "officer"
Pontius Pilate, he once crossed a guy up so bad he died
Some will know this some won't  It's a towel xD 
If most people leave before shooting starts.
My asshole after a night with Caitlyn Jenner
Bert Chrysler.
Because he was chicken.   Alright.
Nacho cheese!!!
This is Onixceptable. 
Turns out it was race related.
It saves so much time.
WATAAA
OKC.
Ovaries-Ey!
With Sement
Nice belt.
About 8 pints
To get a sixpac! (Thank you 7th grade me)
Because not all Pokemon know selfdestruct.
Air condijoned. I'll see myself out.
Because if so I'll probably vote for it. 
Labracadabrador.
M'alaydy
With their bills!
the panoptijohn
A: They wanna peek-a-chu.
So he could Nazi. 
A water sprinkler. Chink chink chink chink chink spic shiiiiiiit.
Mer-cury
because of the holes in his hands 
Because when your salty you melt down in tears.
Your mom hasn't had sex with your mom.
A midget. 
A hypocrite.
Snow balls
Jew jitsu
Lachry-moose
Thanks, Obama.
Driver:   Cop: Sir, did you just throw a hamster at my head?
It depends how hard you throw.
Ash
I see the sea...
The wheelchair
Dr.Dre
He had to stop when he got depressed
One has a foot fetish and the other has a foot binding fetish.
Two Wongs don't make a white
A backseat driver
Because it looks black
None.
The back of my hand.
Well, this blew up! I just wanted a laugh while having to work on a Sunday and you guys sure delivered! Damn you guys are funny. I'm gonna steal every damn one of these jokes. Edit: Some website posted your jokes and it's being circulated all over the facebooks and what-not
A few letters.
You would be too if you were running down the road with your hose hanging out!
"I'm not Willie Nelson."
A black man runs the electronics store you bought your new TV from. A nigger runs with the TV you just bought from that electronics store. Edit: Wow! this post blew up!
Obama issues an eggsecutive order.
Incorrectly is the only word spelled  I n c o r r e c t l y
Mount Rushmore.    
They don't exist!
Madam President.
Kick his Daughter in the jaw.
A gangbang.
Throw in your laundry.
Mom: "Because his belly has become fat recently, and I need to help him lose weight." Boy: "But that won't work." Mom: "Why not?" Boy: "Because the babysitter keeps blowing him back again."
Trigger-Nometry
Well one to screw in the bulb and other to holds the cock... father! LADDER!
They've always enjoyed rounding up Japanese monsters.
Space Jam.
To get their stuff back. 
A bad golfer goes   "Damn!" A bad skydiver goes "Damn!" 
It is that they have both recently become deceased. 
Cleavage.
Laundry.
They are both good at removing the Polish!
Depends on how hard you can throw them.
Wrinkly. 
You put tu and tu together.
A passerby saw a man laid flat on the sidewalk in front of the local beauty shop and ran to offer assistance. As the man came blinking into consciousness, the passerby asked, “What happened?” The man rubbed the back of his head and said, “I don’t know! Last thing I remember, my wife was coming out of the salon there and I said, “Well, at least they tried.”
Anchor babes.
Because the land never waves back.
He couldn't see that well.
Juan in a million.
They're both gold-diggers
ABCs
a Basilian.
Because she can't be denied coverage for pre-existing speeches
Because he'd never have been able to find 3 wise men and a virgin.
I think, women will be beaten men, hehe
I prefer Skips to Quavers. You can't dump a body in a Quaver.
Entendre and....Entendre!
Hillary.
Because it reminds them of home.
A subwoofer 
Because there are too many zinfandel's.
He is always high on himself.
Porto-MONET
To be taller!
FeLine
Does it have to be a light bulb? 'Cause I had this other idea...
Squackhili
For Hispanic attacks. 
 them nicely.
The Musket - ears
He joked to death.
Christian Bale
Pinos.
It Varys.
because they type with another...

Depends on how you throw (idk if this is a repost)
Brovines.
Because it couldn't af  to cross the river.
Leonardo Da Itchy 
Pelosi helped little boys. Hastert banged little boys.
A night-mare.
His hands are too small to hold a comb
Pastatution.
An applause....
An ex or cist?
With bar tender.
Because if she can't afford a washer and dryer, she will never be able to support your broke ass...
She was in the wrong cast.
Noose Noose
It's always sunni in Philadelphia 
None, they just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.
Here in the U.S. we just ask them how many grams are in an ounce.
Bigotree
Their "Senor"ity!
A Tourist!
None, they're already butthurt.
Mosqui-toes
An Edison.
They both have cockpits. 
Extra virgin oil.
One. Just because she's dead doesn't mean she can't still screw.
One is a bunch of cunning runts and the other is...
No hero
Because she had no arms
You might get a hole in one.
Because the prices are so steep
John Cougar Mellencamp
Too many homophobos.
It didn't
I don't know, I masterbate with my eyes closed.
Because he could Nazi very well.
The ring bearer had an erection.
None, they just watch it burn out and follow it around for 30 years.
the boy scouts return home from the camp
Three. One to screw it in and the second to take credit for it. And the other to repeat it.
[removed]
Obviously more than 72, or all those suicide bomber would have seen the light.
So that only 90 kids will remember.
There will be grim reaper cushions
You don't cry when chopping your mother-in-law.
Virgin Mobile.
Obviously not 8, because its still dark in my basement.
Park-istan!
Allah-bama

Because it's easy to inject the seed of religion in  them.  Be gentle pls
Q2: what is a pornstar's favorite spice? A: cumin, obviously 
Na
Southwesteros
Q - Why did the chicken cross the road? A - To see the idiot across the street. Q - Knock knock. (Who's there?) A - The chicken.
Lead injections. 
Palm Sunday.  First time posting, please be gentle. 
Speedbird 206: “Frankfurt, Speedbird 206 clear of active runway.” Ground: “Speedbird 206. Taxi to gate Alpha One-Seven.” The BA 747 pulled onto the main taxiway and slowed to a stop. Ground: “Speedbird, do you not know where you are going?” Speedbird 206: “Stand by, Ground, I’m looking up our gate location now.” Ground (with quite arrogant impatience): “Speedbird 206, have you not been to Frankfurt before?” Speedbird 206 (coolly): “Yes, twice in 1944, but it was dark,… and I didn’t land.”
The Bridge. It connects his courage to his ideas.
Beaucoup.
He's really good at swatting.
You would think R, but pirates really have a passion of the seas.
Because the thread has been locked by a moderator
I may be blind, but I can see why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Pokemon Go players are only wasting their own time ;)
Someone gave some to a cajun and he said "whus dis here sauce"
It's not complex at all, right?
Because he keeps giving them the Five-Knuckle Shuffle.
He couldn't handle the boos.
The sound of fucking silence!  Now shut the fuck up! My show is on.
There's 20 of em
A kid can joke but a joke cannot kid.
The reason why their father doesn't come home
Racist
they call her... Amazon Prime
Whatever it is it's going straight to the WTC.
They're called the Special K
No, I only take tips
Because I wore the wrong socks today!
A sleepover at Michael Jacksons house
Elopping shears
It takes the piss out of your knickers.
Being 5 foot 6
He plays golf.
Nevermind.
Because anyone who can run, jump, or swim already left.
Slow swimmers
A blues musician plays 3 chords to audiences of thousands.      A jazz musician plays thousands of chords to audiences of 3
In   size pieces
 with a deadly weapon.
Two. One to screw it in and one to take credit for it. 
None, there are no fish under my new gazebo.
No Shit Sherlock
A moreman. 
Two. One to screw it in and the other to take credit for it.
They say he had loco motives. 
The bond matures.
For the Sallad
Kielbasa (Often Pronounced Ca-Ba-Sa.)
Tulips on your organ. 
Because it's a hoe sale.
Because pepper makes them sneeze!
Razer.
Llamanated
Because they contain a lot of fowl language.
A blind man... I'll show myself out... TO SEE YOU BACK NEXT WEEK!!
To get the chinese newspaper!
Misty: It's not Staryu, it's Starmie
Because its pecker is on its head. (Get the reference?)
What's Red but smells like blue paint?  Red Paint
A pounding sensation in the ass.
Little kids don't eat broccoli 
An elasstickle
A-neigh
The Coup Clucks Clan. 
I still haven't caught any Pokemon.
My theory is that it is a Protozoa Plankton
In his sleevies. 
Jesus. Jesus saves. 
Sir Cumference 
Cuatro cinco
They all dress like Dobby.
A woman.  
If you're Eveready, I'm Frito Lay.
You don't, you get down off of a duck.
You know they're in tents.
With an itheberg
Someone who lies awake at night if there really is a dog.
A small medium at large
I don't know but it can pick the shit out of some lettuce.
Snow White's cherry.
A cop waited outside a popular pub hoping to nab a drunk-driver. At closing time, as everyone came out, he spotted his potential quarry. The man was so obviously inebriated that he could barely walk. He stumbled around the parking lot for a few minutes looking for his car. After trying his keys on five others, he finally found his own vehicle. He sat in the car a good 10 minutes as the other pub patrons left. He turned his lights on, then off. He started to pull forward into the grass, then stopped. Finally, when his was the last car, he pulled out onto the road and started to drive away. The cop, waiting for this, turned on his lights and pulled the man over. He administered the breathalyzer test and, to his great surprise, the man easily passed. The cop was dumbfounded. 'This equipment must be broken,' exclaimed the policeman. 'I doubt it,' said the man. 'Tonight I'm the DD...Designated Decoy.' Edit: Those who think he can still get arrested.. I know it guys. Don't take it literally. Its a JOKE. Sometimes it might actually happen, right? Just enjoy possibility. :)
For the quak 
The Elfabet!
Eric Clapton never would have let his bag of coke fall out of a 49th-story window!
A coup.
Air Conditioning
You poke 'em on. 
Cache in hand. 
A rip off.
A Lorry with Nice breaks doesn't stop until after a mile.
The Catcher in the Rye.
Nice.
I can't marmalade my cock in your ass
Erdogan's suit wasn't back from the cleaners.
Cause they're stupid. 
Red paint.
I ran.
It saw a pikachu across the street.
Then why are all your teeth wearing little yellow sweaters?
Chemotherapy
Def Leppard
One has a coo, the other has a coup
"Let's knot."
Hobo Erectus
Keep the tip.
There are two florists, just normal guys selling flowers in their town. They're doing well, making an honest living, business is booming. A few months later, two friars move in and decide to become florists themselves. The townspeople decide they prefer to buy from men of God and stop buying from the original florists. They decide to change things, so they go to talk to the friars, ask them nicely to leave, but nothing happens. So they hire a mercenary named Hugh. He goes in politely, like they did, talks nicely, but the friars won't listen. So he gets impatient and beats the expletive out of them and scares them out of town. The original florists start making money again, and all is well. Anyways, the point is: only Hugh can prevent florist friars.
A carrot.  :
It staged a coup
There's twenty of them.
They aint ever got any papers
They always punch up the fuckline
Want some Turkey?
Because they're usually found on trucks.
You have to sit at the back of the furnace. 
Tuppence.
He pokémon!
The gay guys because they packed their shit the night before.
Oh bee !
A little suspect
Because according the Book of Revelations, the arrival of the apocalypse will first be signaled by Trump-Pence.
The Chinese built one over 2,000 years ago and they still don’t have any Mexicans. 
Is it really 2016? I mean Tarzan is playing in theaters, Pokemon is a craze, and a Clinton is running for President of the United States. 
Unfertillized
No? I guess it didn't spread then
Crust
They common people. 
Olive oil.
What do mathematicians and dancers have in common? They both have algorhythm.
Apparently, 84 isn't enough. 
Idaho.
Because it smells like feet.
It wasn't very Nice of them.
Have a NICE day!
Hedgy.
You know, because of the position of the penis.
Because he was on a break. 
He got a borderline pass.
In the library of course. They're for shelf-defense.
Virgin Mobile I'm not sorry (PS, if this is a repost, I'm sorry that I didn't see the first time it got posted 2 years ago. Please don't accuse me of reposting)
Holy Roller
I was very confused reading headlines saying, "Nice attack, 78 dead".
udder destruction
Don't know, don't care.
OP's mom
Because they don't like Nice people.
....A dromedary with dairy drama
To pull it out.
He answered the iron.
Halal?
how else could we stop this? 
πrated movies.
With a knife!
Mass-debaters.
Eeeee eeee eeeee ieeeee eeee eee. Dolphins don't talk dummy. 
They say it was Nice
Nailed it
A minor.
Edward asked. "No, why?" Timothy asks back
Weeaboobs. 
Slow Africans.
Sheep. Why do elephants have trunks? Sheep don't have strings.
His horse kept casting too many neigh votes.
This has been a debate over the ages: which hurts worse, getting a swift kick to the nuts or birthing a child. It's kind of hard to say since men and women are quite different creatures, but I have noticed something. If a woman goes through childbirth, sometimes a year or so later, she'll ask to have another baby. However, a man who has taken a kick to the jewels...
She wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
Because it teaches them how to shoot, run and steal.
A re-postman. Or a re-post person if you feel triggered.
A Riceotope
To hide in cherry trees. Ever seen one? No? It works.  What's the loudest sound in the forest? Giraffes eating cherries. 
Summitery.
Mr. T-Bone
"Technologically backward" What do you call a county that lacks a fully integrated banking system? "Economically underdeveloped." What do you call a country that lacks a well-connected public transportation system? "America"
Because they have bad genes.
They got tired of people pretending to be Ash.  Edit: Wow thank you for the gold mates! Hopefully none of you Jews will try to steal it from me... kidding. For those of you who were offended... please try to take it easy. It's a joke. You should find humor in everything. Life's more fun that way. 
A harpooned seal
Oh. Sorry.
In loving memory of all the faces that were buried in them.
She uses a perfect son.
Nobody takes him for granite. 
Nanking Donuts
A swallow that kept eating after 6pm.
Because the censor erased the letter "s".
I always thought he was Korean.
Gastly
They had a falling out...
Because oxygen is free.
Theresa may.
A nervous wreck.
A nun with a javelin through her neck.
A weapon to surpass Richard Gere
They thought she was micromanaging them!
Because he was outstanding in his field
an innocent bystumbler 
Because the editors know that they gotta catch 'em all!
What do you call a psychic midget who escaped from prison to go to Death Valley to shoot up? A high low small medium at large.
I don't think you understand the gravity of the situation.
A stick.
Cuz it has another 1
One is filled with hookers, and the other is my basement!
To get to the other side!!! haha funny fun pun so funny joke haha (upvote this) haha lol =)
The polar bear. 
He can't go left
Fried, scrambled, or fertilized?
One's a crusty bus station, the others a busty crustacean.
Criminal intent 
So they can run their fingers through their hair.
I don't fuckin know, maybe if you didn't run him over we could ask him.
Very satisfying. 
Because they cantaloupe.
As fast as it can bear.
This club can't even handle me right now
Malnourished 
A hot dog
Coughing up someone else's phlegm
European 
"Don't worry.  I'm right behind U."
the refrigerator doesn't fart when you take the meat out.
A dad joke has to reach father for a pun.
Crock o'Dial.
History repeating itself.
"Hey guys, watch this!"
Not the next redditor to post a fucking 'America' version of the disaster set up.
Most of them are General-Lee stupid.
You take the pizza delivery sign off
Two men a night.
Because he might peek at chu.
Having to admit you have autism :,P
Kermit's Finger.
Americans can't milk a cow for 15 years.
I guess they didn't want a bunch of Ash running around.
What's the temperature inside of a ton-ton? Lukewarm.
a PAW-se
Of course the $ bill!
One's an ass blackhole, and the other's a - [removed]
Because his professor told his class they were going to spend the entire next day at a bacteria conference.
One's crack is in a junkie and the other's junk is in a crack.
Because her parents told her to do her essay.
Your main squeeze.
Fetishini Alfredo 
Jizzert
A milkshake.
The same middle name. (Shamelessly stolen from Cortana.)
A police shooting range.
Usain Bolt can finish a race
Because she already had cancer.
Do you even have a permit for this survey?! 
The same way British people pronounce beer can.
Small medium at large
Take a pitcher, it'll last longer!
You can't take a joke.
Because he was constantly nursing a semi.
Mourning wood
In his sleevies.
"Where's my tractor?" (as told by my Irish granddad)
Fuck
It was an udder disaster.
No meat...
I can't make a vitamin...
Your Czech mate
Anything you want they're not going to hear you.
Life eventually ends. 
The Ultra Sound guy. Who is it when he's not there? The Hip Replacement guy.
BBC
Both work better with the lights off.
Chic hen
They planet.
The eyes, cause they di-late.
Accordion to a recent study, 90% of the world don't realise when a word has been swapped with an instrument.
In the Ark-Hives.
Because it neighns!
Bicycles.
An Ex-Man.
They couldn't close his coffin
an L.L.Beaner
You probably didn't notice because you were too busy looking for reposts
All they found were its chard romaines
A taxi driver
A stick.
Nearly a total loss... All that was left was de-brie.
Well you better go catch it!
Roberto!
Sinjit
To get away from the Pokemon GO trainer.
2 in the back, 2 in the front, ad six million in the ashtray.
They both fall down when you hit them with an axe.
All P
He worked it out with a pencil.
Destruction of government property.
They're making headlines everywhere!
Everyone just needs 1 more line.
Love these types of jokes but can only think of a couple right now. Thanks!
Arak of lamb
Everywhere.
All your chips and candy bars are family sized. 
It was the Teddy Bear's picnic. 
They’re always on the lookout for a tight seal.
Because curiousity was on the other side
It was totally cubular.
Because she wasn't wearing a seatbelt
"I just booked a cook for cooking the books."
The Moo York Times
I haven't given up on my memes yet 
Fat fingers
In the `!
I'll BC-ing you later.
"You da bomb" "No, you da bomb!"
Oven mitts.
Fish.
Chop off their feet.
The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. [beep] A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. [ding] Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start.
Flacido Domingo.
Mickey Mouse  
He wipes
A facist planter's Plantar Fasciitis.
The period: it marks the end of his sentence.
The slow clap
I need two hands to remove training wheels.
To bring down the Wicked Witch of the West.
On one app you search your area and find strange creatures, on the other you only find pokèmon.
An auto-topsy 
How their name's spelt.
"About two-hundred dollars." - Johnny Carson
Ant Man
Conductor
You can Sleep with a light on 
Turn 19
Ash.
Interviewer:what is skeleton? Sardar:Sir, skeleton is a person who started dieting but forgot to stop it..!!!
The Allahu ak-Bar 
Dix.
Nein.
At some point in it’s life, a baby will grow up and stop crying.
Two Mennonite
Oui.
A hockey player showers after 3 periods.
A stick
A: You add a bed, subtract the clothes, divide the legs, and pray there's no multiplying.
Tracer
What's blue, orange and lying at the bottom of a swimming pool? A baby with popped floaties.
You poke 'em on.
More than one mother-in-law.
He does crossfit. 
Put it in box of Ding Dongs.  What is it afterwards?  A HoHo
Just one, but they have to steal it first.
Acne usually comes on a boy's face after he turns 12.
The wheelchair.
Out of the Blue.
Arrrrrrby's 
Spacex 
Because the teacher said it was a piece of cake.  -My 6 year old Nephew 
Because it's the only single, repeatable letter able to approximate the sound of fellatio. <KkkkKkkkkkkKkkkKKKkkkKKKKKKkkk>
I've never paid to have a lima bean on my chest.
Heinz-enburg.
It told it a Nak-Nak joke! (In my language Urdu, Nak means nose.)
Thats nuts
Budweiser
A potential suspect.
Because Intel Inside.
Because: a) Dammmm  b) I blame you for me being broke  c) You can suck real well d) You should be cleaning my house top to bottom 
At the pissed office.
It was a sting operation.
How do Jews shower? The same as you idiot. First we get nice and we.. Wait, it's a trap! The gas its too mu... faint scream﻿
You can un-screw the light-bulb
"Fred Goldman, because he's got mine!" - OJ Simpson
Seeing your ex. 
Because they don't like Dick's
The Ozone layer doesn't benefit from having holes in them.
Find the guy wearing a rebel flag.
...Beeological Warfare
Hoover, his administration really sucked.
Beef Jerky. 
Crispy Pata
More like OBYEo.  (If you're from Michigan you'll understand)
The same number it takes to screw public confidence in law enforcement
Cold Flay
The RE-tardis
Because they shoot, steal, and run. 
GESTAPO
Because it sucked ass.
Bay Aryans
He was disbarred. 
Rosalind Franklin's notes. 
Lake Eerie. Note: This joke has probably been made before.
Why can't you trust an atom? Because I gave the cheat $100,000,000 AND ALL I GOT BACK WAS A MEATBALL FROM IKEA 
A buttload. 
"My dad got burnt" said Johnny "Nothing serious I hope" exclaimed the teacher To which Johnny replied "They don't fuck around down the crematorium Miss"
Because 7 8 9
go fuck yourself
Mardi grass.
Skeletones.
Suicidal.
Cause it doesn't want to be latte.  Sorry. I just came up with this lame joke. Downvotes ahoy! 
Pump kin.
None, they just shoot the room for being black.
Because their reasoning is circular.
A bagel
Guacamole.
Aye, it's not R- 'is love is the great C!
Definitely not a toddler, I can tell you that now.
7 had an extra penis...
Caracas.
Me : yes
Lefty.
A pouch potato.
Blackrobatics. 
Sorry, my fault.
"I'm better without U."
Oh shit a cop!
Because it was in the middle of 9/11
Nothing, it simply waved.
A tic tac
"No, how does it work?"  "Right before you climax it comes, goes limp, farts, and turns itself off."
Was that a critic or an order?
Not sure, gotta catch them all first!
Because console gamers go outside.  (Title should say gamer not games)
A small medium at large.
He couldn't find the droid he was looking for.
-Tyrannosaurus.  -But that's not even a real sign.  -None of the zodiac signs are real.  
I don't know, I just fly the drone.
Badoom TSSSSssT! (Say it out loud)
Because she deleted the emale.
Because the photon was incoherent.
America
Knawledge!
Nippletism 
I was watching cops
Is-Lamb!
They bio-D-grade.
Hebrew
By definithion, thomething that represenths or thtands for thomething elth. Thymbolithm, y'know.
Ashley
They turn it upside down.
Drew Brees 
Post good stuff. Please up vote To FP! 
Cold chili.
Ilene   What do you call an Asian woman with one leg?   Irene
A red-eye
A coop.
A midwife crisis
Because he was transitioning. 
sqrt(-16)
Mycoxafloppin.
Check out my DSL-Arrrgh.
This joke being reposted.
I've yet to find someone who knows.
If a key can open many doors, it is a master key. If a door can be opened by many keys, it is a piece of shit. 
Oh just for the Halibut!
I can ride my bike indoors and professor oak can't do anything to stop me.
Unarmed Americans.
Let's be Avenue 
Because they're too cagey. 
Because they understand that losing weight doesn't make you thinner, you have to lose mass.
Cobra!!!
Liam Malone.
Nick McGuinness.
A sheep 
[Just thought of this earlier in the shower... Had gas ever since.]
You have to un-rap them before you can get to their delicious Kareem filling.
Because it’s really time consuming.
Because he kept locking up.
Amhere.  What do you call the second Afghan off the boat?  Amhere Azwel.  What do you call the third Afghan off the boat?  Amhere Azwell Azhim. :)
Rick O'Shea.
Because he doesn't carry any matches!
Horrifying.
She thought a traditional burial would be too bio-degrading.
Boobies
Hebrewing up a storm!
You may have thought 'Rrrr', but it's really the C
6 foot of snot
The lesser of two weevils.
Because they can't even
My keys
Doctors without boarders.
ShakiRA
I don't put my salads in the microwave before I eat them 
Roberto
So Catholics could do this [makes the sign of the cross], instead of this [bangs self in head with fists].
Because they MINE as a job.
Ale-Man
A GIbronie!
A letter from an ISP saying they've been downloading illegally.
To get to the other side.
His girlfriend certainly ain't Morpheus.
Fools gold
He's a small medium at large.
Running into wall with a boner and breaking your nose.
Aye, Aye!  Arrrr!  & the Seven Seas!
Hearing AIDS.
I'm a-lookin'... And I'm a lycan.
Quarter pounder with cheese😂
Iran there.
None, it's already lit fam haha suh dude.
Both are without visible means of support. (My son found that in a children's joke book)
Hello from the other slIIIIiiiIIIIide
With shot glasses.
Put them in front of a red light in the middle of the desert.
The steaks are high
They have to justify killings blacks somehow.
A copyright infringement notice. Edit: Alright you, cunts, I get it. This joke has been told earlier. It popped into my mind after reading the "What is a pirate's favorite letter?" joke in this sub earlier. Obviously more than one person is not allowed to come up with the same joke. Sorry I tried.
Because he was counting sheep!
Thank you, Karma gain
Because ken came in a different box
Because tea leaves.
They eat it, If they eat too much, they will get Diabeetis.
Someone who lies awake at night wondering if there's a dog
Aloha Akbar.
Personal Trainer: By putting down that Pizza slice!
We don't have enough evidence to say for sure.
Boobies I'm so sorry, it's late and my friend just told this joke to me.
It was a Fiesta
Driver: Go, Pikachu! Thunderbolt! Cop: Sir, did you just throw a hamster at my head?
Hey Kid... you wanna buy a piece of candy?
He had sex with Opie's mom. 
Cheez It!
He had a bad experience with windows.
Brian Setzer
Because they were in treble. 
Because 8 nined 10.
Wohahaha! That was funny! XD
Underwear Replenishment
W.C. Handy
Because people are dying to get in. 
The apple because the black man was stopped by a noose.
The Boy Scout came back from camp.
Cross Country
Coz I wanna drop a baby into you. 
Cantaloupe.
A goldfish! I am not sorry.
You can't unload a truck full of bowling balls with a pitchfork.
None. Who needs light bulbs under a glass ceiling?
Guns 'n Roses
Because he was ready to come out.
Because 7 is a registered 6 offender...
A pilot, you racist. 
Because it's a cum-median!
July
A girl has no name. 
A PUNnisher. 
Catholics acknowledge each other in the liquor aisle. Extra: What's the difference between Catholics and Lutherans?  Catholics just acknowledge each other in the liquor aisle, Lutherans have a 15 minute conversation about booze.
Hillary got off Scott-free.
Your mother can't take 3 jokes at the same time.
His car.
Too many people came.
Keep it in church, guys.
Nope, it's the C that they love
A free ham.
The beat can't drop in outer space.
From his bing bing bong
They don't care who gets in
An E-Reptile dysfunction
An Otto-mobile
Wife. 
Freeze your dog and then take an angle grinder and use it on your dog and it Will say meeeeeow.  Dunk your cat in gasoline and light it on fire and it Will say woof
The police are looking for a hardened criminal. 
Because he was hooked on worms.
They both want to pull 1 over on you.
The police reported a small medium at large.
Between a large pizza and a black father.  A large pizza can feed a family of four.
What did one flag say to another? Nothing! They just waved.
A knife has a point.
The United States of America
Comatoast
A free radical.
They're both jokes. 
Don't do anything till I come back. 
Wohahaha! That was funny! XD
Their knee grows!
Ragnarock
Little Caesars.
Because it was cooler on the other side.
"How do you breathe through that little thing?!"
I wore the wrong socks today.
At the bottom. 
Julying.
Snowballs
Fingernails. XD
There's only two candidates, and nobody wants either of them to win!

Of course, a house doesn’t jump at all
Nothing, they are free of charge.
One is a group of cunning little runts.... the other is a group of running little  C
Neither want me coming inside them.
A spec-tator!
You had one job.
Because if he does, he better make sure he doesn't break bad...
Because freedom rings. 
A son burn! Son: I'm thirsty Dad: hi thirsty, I'm friday Son: ugh, at least I have mom's genes. Dad: She was looking for jeans earlier today Son: you're wearing mom jeans right now, which gives you two reasons to feel embarrassed, Mr. Unemployed Dad: 
[removed]
Of course it comes after the third and before the fifth of July
When you can burp and taste it. 
A woolly jumper.
They're rebranding as "Luber: For when you need to come fast!" 
LaQueefa
Look kids, Big Ben...parliament!
She can't find the eleven
Because they’re really, really good at it.
In a Clown Hall.
Because Democrat left a bad taste in her mouth!
Nailed it
When one votes, it changes something, making things worse.  When another votes, it doesn't change anything, making things worse.
Because he wanted to play chicken.
Two. One to hold the ladder and one to screw your mother - I mean light bulb!
[removed]
Because freedom rings. Happy 4th of July  !
Wright yells, "Objection!' Rong is your typical Chinese man.
Promoted.
Because his wife died.
Gramma Rays
The carp-ark.
It's called Law and Hors D'oeuvres.
He was taking a look around
A K-9 unit on MLK Boulevard
Cuatro cinco
Because it was drunk.
Quackamole
Snoop Log
Rotini!
No seriously, I just wanna know 
Turn the barstool upside down.
Professor +
The bullet makes it out of the chamber
Because he was Snowden!  (Snowed in)
Because it's a loaded question!
None because it's already lit fam  
Because people marvel at what's holding it up. And they wish it would fall.
"It's Gonna be Pee"
He didn't want to wake up the sleeping pills.
JUST ICE RAINS FROM ABOVE!
I don't want to put a repost in my mouth
none, it's already lit fam!
He thought they were revolting!
We don't know, he hasn't opened the present yet
How you get into an Ecua
Because the time they spend parking doesn’t count.
Rice Paddy. Edit: Credit goes to my nickname from some clever fucker classmate when I was a kid.
The bullet gets out of the chamber.
Pasta La Vista, baby!
Weirdo.
Because the state abolished plant parenthood
Because he's a cunt.
Because the beach never waved back.
They're not there. 
"Please pass the salt."
They don't make it rain, they make it Heil!
The way they traveled through the chimney.
"I say, Mind the gap"
"I told you not to call me mom in front of people"
Chivalry-Timbers!
A-pasta-ate.
Amen.
Stop being so closed off.
The function of u to the n
The mathematician says "2" The Physicist says "2, plus or minus 0.1" The engineer says "Probably around 2, but let's say 3 to be on the safe side".
Nothing, you already told her twice.
Microwaves!
NeinIcant
Monicker
Hillary.
Neither! Everyone knows they prefer hot pockets
Nothing, it waved.
A dead bird. 
Because everyone is related and there are no dental records.
He lost his apatite. I know that joke has its faults, so I'll just accept my pumicement and go back to looking at cleavage.
They learn the ins and outs
Because they always take his statements out of Kampftext.
A Hebrewdasher
You know that dude that will never ever pay you back, but you're fine with it because he's your buddy. ... Add surprise, fear, adrenaline and a little pee in your pants to that.  See, doesn't that feel nicer than calling me a robber, shouting for the police saying I have a gun and whatnot? 
ten-tickles
Hormones
NaClmore
Your hair comes out in bangs.
To find out his phos-fate!
He needs two jacket.
By the ears...
Well, first Demascus, then they Baghdad!
They gotta be see-through
the wheelchair 
A chim-PANSY
When tongue is involved. 
Anyone can roast beef.
Thanks Omomma
A soviet seamen
Islams it.
The taste
He ate it before it was cool.
I've fattened and I can't get out.
Lets make salat
TVs are getting lighter.
Meow Mix
Dems!
Those on Team Great Britain, because they'll leave.
Well you call him porkchop
The side that gets eaten because the other side is left.
because they've been to concentration camp.
None. The minimum age for physical labour in most places is 13-15 and babies would not be allowed to use the paint 
Cut that shit out!
A black rushing
They can't even. 
To follow her family footsteps.
micro chips
A Mortician waits until after you're dead to fuck you.
Progressive
Free.
I've never had a lentil on my face before!
On top 
Manuel Trans Mission
"The defendant."
Have fun drowning in our two rivers Euphrate Cats!!!
She doesn't
He was too far out maaaaan.
They both swallow seamen.
You put it in the microwave until its bill withers.
They start eating vegetables.
Vader-hosen!
Jesus doesn't think he's Bono 
He Brexit!
"A "brother" one."
One ran in short bursts, the other ran in burst shorts!
Well, whatever it is, it's heading for the World Trade Center. 
Remove an electron.

No one cries when you chop up the baby.
Juan on Juan. 
Let's count. One to try to turn it on. When that fails, another to go look for a replacement lying around the house. One to do the screwing. And then at least a couple more to watch and snap photos while it's happening.   The light bulb joke is a metaphor for campus rape. It relies on a common and vicious stereotype of fraternities, who we all know are the true victims here.
Li Yung
MEN
It was a dead heat
The spare one! :P
Two married buddies are out drinking one night when one turns to the other and says, "You know, I don't know what else to do. Whenever I go home after we've been out drinking, I turn the headlights off before I get to the driveway. I shut off the engine and coast into the garage. I take my shoes off before I go into the house, I sneak up the stairs, I get undressed in the bathroom. I ease into bed and my wife STILL wakes up and yells at me for staying out so late!" His buddy looks at him and says, "Well, you're obviously taking the wrong approach. I screech into the driveway, slam the door, storm up the steps, throw my shoes into the closet, jump into bed, rub my hands on my wife's ass and say, 'How about a blowjob?' ....And she's always sound asleep."
They both moan like hell when they come, and take the house when they leave.
Drown him in the mainstream.
Half a dog
Consent.
you just open the door and put him in there. How do you put a giraffe in the refrigerator? you take the elephant out and put the giraffe in there.  A lion, the king of the jungle calls a meeting for the entire animal kingdom. all animals but one show up. who is it? the giraffe of course! he is in the refrigerator you are in a desert and dying of exhaustion. you see an oasis across a large river. there is a sign that says beware of alligators, DO NOT SWIM. you swim anyway, what happened? you make it across obviously, the alligators were at the meeting called by the lion! cheesy but i liked it when i heard this one
Milk sheikh
Wow you looked shocked.
Just one sun
Because he wanted to see his flat mate.
"Get in the tank!"
Nazi. 
Because he doesn't believe in using quantum
A lazy panda.
A boyfriend.
He would've found it hard to digest.
Off-pudding.
If you run in front of a car, you get tired.   If you run behind one, you get exhausted. 
The mosquito stops sucking when you smack it. 
A tourist.
Hola.
They're sensitive to everything
Better question would be: Why were they in the tree in the first place?
a word that I made up?
At it's baahmitzveh fuck yall i thought this was funny
not enough
So noone told you knife was gonna be this way?
Ten.
All they talk about is the presidential erection
because they're both stuck up cunts
Because the heavier they get, the easier they are to pick up.
Made in China.
They held the telephone wires off the ground.
BoozZzZzZzZzZzZ
Because he is North Korea's great reader.
A: Boris Johnson  B: Jar Jar Binks C: All of the above One for the uk
Yeah, he loves Tibet
A father was nervously waiting for the risky surgery of his son to end. When he saw the doctor come out of the operating room he asked him: Doctor, could I talk to my son? So the doctor reassuringly responds: Of course. Nurse! Bring this man a ouija board! 
Meh-nthol
The pharmacy.
A brick.
Str8
He thinks my toilet paper is defective because it rolls from the top instead of the bottom. What's worst? He blames it on Obamar!
Walk this way
Whoooolio.
Because it's too soon. 
Lemonlaid.
An active shooter! 
I don't know either, but it would be great at picking cotton.
Because he liked to meddle. 
A Snack Pack...... I'm sorry
Because it was a prop.
Milky Eh.... Get it? 
Ash
Wallhacks
He was always turning up his nose!
It's full of millions of years of dead semen
A Piano.
Spaghetti and meatbolsheviks
Seriously, I don't know. Maybe 50?
Burning
It speaks a pidgin language.
Plagiarism 
That she would be sitting at the desk that Monica once kneeled under!
One.  Denial.
One is against the law, the other is a sick bird.
With the porcupine, the pricks are on the outside.
She's a robot and the instructions are in Chinese.
they both wont achieve great heights
Dead Sirius
Turn off all the lights.
He became a quack head
Have you ever seen the size of mothballs?
A Marsupial 
postage stamp 
A stable economy
hit by a car.
Hop to it you lazy MOFO.
Not sure, but the flag is a big plus.
How would Rhino?
Puerto-RECON
Meat Patty
Look her up! She just goes by the name, "Miss Information" Edit: source - South Park 
An ant's teenie weenie!
Neither did they.
Cruisin' for a bruisin'
Dad: Have you ever smelled Moth balls?  Me: yes... Dad: How did you get there tiny little legs apart?!
Classical
America Survives. 
He re-tires
A tea bag last longer in the cup
Their knee grows.
When you run in front of a car, you get tired When you run behind a car, you get exhausted.
Raisin Bran.
because his career was in ruins
Alexander Fang 
An Iced Cap
Stranger walks down the street of a crazy town and meets a man hitting himself on the head with a stone. And asks him: What are you doing? i want to get stoned. WoW ...Crazy man & he moves on, then gets to another man that is hitting his head with two stones. Hey dude what are you doing ? I am getting high with double dose. Stranger just shakes his head and moves on and meets another guy with a cart full of stones. Hey what are you going to do with all these stones ? Psst, i am selling drugs, do you want to buy some ? 
You start off excited over your lofty heights and slowly slide down into something soft.
Green Day.
GOTTA GO FAST
Well, it's a deep subject. 
One
His Aunt Arctica
Farmer asked: which one? Black or white? Reporter: white Farmer :with grass  Reporter asked: and black one? Farmer said: grass to him also Reporter asked: where do you keep them? Farmer asked:which one? Black or white? Reporter said: white Farmer : outside Reporter: and black one? Farmer: outside to him also Reporter asked: how do you make them bath? Farmer: which one? Reporter: black Farmer:from water Reporter: and white? Farmer: from water to him also Reporter was angry and thought in his mind wtf with this farmer,and he angrily asked:  If you do same both of the goats,why do you always ask which one black or white? Farmer said: because white one is mine Reporter asked: and black? Farmer: thats also mine 😄😄😄😄😄😂
a pizza can feed a family of four
For stealing the booty
This new vitamin packed kale , gives you the energy and strength needed to burn down your house and move to a spider-free home!
A small price toupée.
Xanax since he's a Bartender
Calvin DeKlein. 
Because it got pissed off.
Ollah!
She's always eating out
1 GB.
A slantelope.
Hose B
Too many to document.
Vote
Half of your dog...I hit it with my car.
Most times you get an onion with a tail. But every once in a while you get a piece of ass that brings a tear to your eye.
Everyone's a replicant!!! Everything is cool when nobody's real!
Because he can eat the sand which is there. But what brought the sandwiches there? Why, Noah sent Ham, and his descendants mustered and bred.
Brexit
Turkey! Its the bomb!
A firetruck. 
If we stick together, we can stop this crap!
Monterey, Jack!
She came back with a Red Snapper.
He made it to kings landing
They'll get their hands on anything that's 10% off.
King's Landing
Tell this joke to a pregnant woman/expectant father or new mother/dad: A freshly born baby looks up at the nurse delivering it and asks "Are you my daddy?"  (suspend disbelief of talking newborn) "No, I'm the nurse" she smiles and hands the baby to the doctor. The baby looks up at the doctor and says "Are you my daddy?" The doctor smiles and says "No, I'm the doctor" and hands the baby to the father. The baby looks up at the father and says "Are you my daddy?" And the father smiles and says "Why YES.  YES, I am your daddy!" "So how does this feel asshole!"  [Poke the joke recipient several times in the forehead with your finger]
Potato dribbles  one defender. Potato dribbles another defender. Potato is one on one with the goalkeeper. What does Potato do? Potato Chips
Irresistible 
A magi nation
He was having a midlife crisis 
They dont like any witnesses.
Flew.
A man matures with time.
Neither can achieve an election
He was having a mid-life crisis.
Dont fret about it. 
How do you count a herd of cattle? Q: How do you count a herd of cattle? A: With a cowculator.
Arsephalt
Show him what you're made of!
It was only allowed one piece of carrion.
BREICH
He's legendairy
In a football match, the best team wins.
A boob.
Vagdickina
"And I'll tell you all about it when I EU again"
Bush did 9/11 and Jackson did 9 11 year-olds.
Throw it in the water.  If it sinks, it's a girl ant.  If it floats, it's buoyant
Because they are fucking assholes.
No? Neither have they.
A brief case.
Why yes, I have!
The word "free"
Because their mothers are
Or as I like to call it, "Baby's first election."
A broken nose.
Bird Species - woodcock - blue tit - cock of the woods (Pileated woodpecker) - blue footed booby bird - titmouse
Nope, the Brits left.
"If you can't eat them, boil them."
Enough to buy a computer that can play League of Legends.
Turkey and grease
A seasoned veteran. 
What do you call a file that is a petabyte in size? A peta-file.
Because he is forever a loan. 
Because it's made out of vibranium.
Raisin Bran
Aaaarrrrrrrr Kelly.
Because if someone hit your peter with a pan, you'd have a high voice too!
Hey, pho queue, dude
Get Atul to do it. 
A chicken Caesar salad.
Au jus is boiled but a jew is baked.
Mein Cramps
Alamode
A pimple will wait until puberty before it comes on a boy's face!
Because they all joined 
What can I eat in the evening in front of the TV that wouldn’t make me fat? Your fingernails.
For kicks and giggles.
Blood Lite Thanks Jim Butcher...
A lager!
Lays, because they are full of air.
Yes. I happened, incidentally, and quite unfortunately, to turn a corner in a local forest to see a guy shitting in the woods. And I did not turn the soft bend to see his face as he was squeezing, no, I turned and saw his ass. This was public lands no more than 100 yards from a cafe and beaches where families swim. HILARIOUS!
Because they're all rasta graphics.
It had freed up one GB of space.
She ran away from the ball.
You look for fresh prints.
One is still in the EU.
The graduate never passed the bar
Britain's international trade now that they've left the EU
I am going to make the bedrock. 
A liquor cabinet.
[removed]
"See you next month!"
A doyouthinkhe-saurus
I don't fucking know you tell me
Circle jerky.
Because seven was a registered child molester.
Poutina.
It was a heated debate.
Smirnoff ISIS
Irresistible.
Because sex cells.
Cow-caine
They are missing 2 towers
Goodentight
No son, I got all of 'em cut
Jimmy pushed her... Which is a shame because she was getting used to swinging without arms.
The mailman doesn't come on Sunday.
Nice to meet you. Wanna make a baby?
He can't face the Crips tonight.
Take away the G.
Nice tits. 
I've never had a lentil on my chest.
They're both nicknamed the king and they both are overrated. 
He brings the duck How can you tell if there's a Sicilian at the cockfight? He bets on the duck How can you tell if the Mafia is at the cockfight? The duck wins
One child in ten buckets.
Because of the towel ban.
quatro cinco
I don't know any hipsters that try to dress like pilsners.
Because they lactose.
Oh look, they're done. 
A sbigot.
Because puns are the lowest form of comedy.
A pride flag found at Orlando.
None, they just beat the shit out of the room for being black. 
Full
Because his nutritionist said he had too many minerals in his system!
Because tea leaves.
holy shit
They don't like the taste of being the minority!
One Direction.
A paraplegic after a house fire.
A subwoofer! Now again:  What do you call a dog in a sub?  Chinese food! 
Why father cheats mom?
Awkward is finding your mom on Tinder, awful is matching with her
Because the air is free.
Santa Claus comes DOWN the chimney...
They cut off their heads using a Gweilotine.
YOUR CHRONO TRIGGERER ME...FUCK YOU THIS IS A FUNNY JOKEFUCKYOUIJUSTWANTYOUTOLOVEMEFUCKYOU
One Direction
In MaFarm
Comic Sans
It had to buy a herring aid
Because it broke every branch of the law.
Self-Destruct
A Garbage Truck.
A dictator
I'm stronger than you!
Wonderwoman : No Batman : ugh.. You forgot to take the pill again didn't you?? 
Just Juan.   
Because it got stuck in a crack
They each got six months
A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
Infantry. 
Waattaaah!
Insert coin
I hear he's the wurst.
Let me know your guesses in the comment section below
Donuts
A chic sheik
TO GET TO THE OTHER SIDE!!!! HahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHSHAHSHSGG OH....ohh...ha haha HAHAHAHHA HAHAHAHAHAHABHAA
He's born with Diss-lexia
Usain Bolt can finish a race.
None. They just grab it and the world to revolve around them.
Praise the Load
The Chimney.
A subwoofer.
One's a crusty bus station, and one's a busty crustacean.
Citroen C4
Because of the grass ceiling
The bench can support a family of four.
Ones a crusty bus station and ones a busty crustacean!
Don't look! I'm changing!
An allahu akbar. 
Nothing, he was against violence.
Because we did nazi it coming
Because all of his hose had kinks.
They didn't know you could get Britain to leave by voting.
Canada deserves to be plan eh.
It lost a few pounds this summer.
Accidentally hit submit before you
It's not hard.
See ewwww later!
...I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face
Prepasteurous!
Arrrrgentina
Because they're extinct 
This is baaaad. 
Not until he graduates from medical school.  Heard this one from a Jewish patient I had once. 
Nick's fury.
You do something incredibly stupid and you lose pounds fast.
He farts
1 GB
Cloning.
When it's snot.
Brexit.
More than the capital of the UK.
He's ben affleckted.
Carloss 
It's not EU, it's me
[removed]
Cherpies.
Boy scouts come home from camp
His nose breaks
He only comes once a year
Because they were too Phar-ah way. I'm not sorry.
I don't have a Porsche sitting in my garage
With rude eyes.
Tooth Hurty!
When asked if they want to be economically joined with Greece, all they can say is "eeeeuuuuuuu"
Bye Clown!!
An alcoholic.
50 cent featuring Nickelback
So the Marine have something to hold on to.
Deuces wild. 
Santa Claus goes down the chimney.
Obviously not the Family Doctor
"Hang on a minute."
Capitalism
Yew
Fucked.
A last name 
An upper crust.
Women don't laugh at my jokes.  :(
Bloodbath & Beyond
Cross country
They both circle Uranus searching for Klingon's
I can Nazi!
Dye a blonde's hair.
The living room.
To render the other side.
"Ouch. I'm Dino-sore!" 
His name wasn't Paul Driver.
Their knee grows
No, it's the C.
"You know you want it, Honey"
"Ow-schwitz!"
A guy dies and ends up in front of St. Peter at the entrance to heaven. St. Peter says “Welcome to heaven! You’ve lived a good and decent life; we have to find you a place to live up here.  Hop in my golf cart and let’s take a tour of the different subdivisions.  Let’s start in the Methodist neighborhood” The neighborhood is gorgeous; perfectly manicured lawns, each house is distinct but perfectly nice, kids are playing in the yards, people having a picnic in the town square, etc… The guy goes “this is awesome!”  St. Peter says “Yeah, it’s nice, but let’s continue to have a look around.”   Next, St. Peter takes them to the Lutheran subdivision.  The same thing, it’s perfect, everything in order, all the homes are nice, the grass is green, everyone waves as they pass through in their golf carts and seem so friendly etc.. Again, the guy goes “this is great, it’s perfect” St. Peter continues to show him different neighborhoods all afternoon and they are all in the same perfect condition, each one just as nice as the last. The guy goes, “they are all great, I can’t decide” St. Peter says “one last neighborhood to show.”  They end up at a huge wall, as tall as the eye can see.  St. Peter and the guy climb and climb and finally reach the top and peer over.  It’s the same thing as before; awesome idyllic neighborhood, kids laughing and playing, people enjoying each other’s company etc… The guy says “It’s great too, just like the other neighborhoods, but why the giant wall?” St. Peter goes “Well, this is the Catholic neighborhood.  They like to think they are the only ones up here.”
Because seven is a registered six offender. 
Genuflection and supplication
He couldn't Mufasa 
because seven ate nine.
her doctor told her cumin in ger water would help her lose weight.
Cereal Boast Crunch
Neither work.
This music sucks!
The Alaskan Bull Worm. 
To get to ×10³.
Tortilla chips.
Rubbin' Hood
A day before bush ruins America.
None. Bush did it.
A gummy bear 
Necrophilia.
Yargh! "Love Me Tender," matey!
Buy the DLC to find out
She's probably just pulling your leg!
Because he uses the best ingredients.
For special occasions, their cocktails are on the house.
They are always party fowls.
A plain bagel!
Because you know he's guilty 
One is a bum nut and the other is a numb butt
Da Nile
Doesn't matter, they both taste the same.
He nuts and bolts
He shot it.
The picky fuckers on this website. 
Type-O
If you were forced to have it as a child, you'll probably hate it as an adult
B: Yes, everytime     A: How are you going to fix that?     B: More frequent target practice
By posting it over and over on the same subreddit
Unreali-stick
Unlimited fresh naans!
Luftwaffles
Superman's powers are all natural .
Blow jobs. 
Danke memes
That the man that falls from the 2nd floor does:   AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH; While the man falling from the 8th floor does: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH 
Allahu snackbar!
Cause he was batshit crazy
Three. One in the living room, 2 chained in the basement.
The Gay-Raj!
I'll tell you tomorrow...
Don't have source, but now that I think about it, it may have been a rap
OSAMA ! xDD LOL
Aargh you think it would be but it's the sea
Wheat.
A Northern fairy tale begins with," Once upon a time." A Southern fairy tale begins with, " Y'all ain't gonna believe this shit."
The Holocaust.
a human-dog xDDD
Put them inside a woman's body.
Perronoid
"First things first, I'm a realist."
Because they cantaloupe.
Knowing it was traced 
I'm not sure, I hallways forget
A clementine
Shredder.
The polar bear.
Blue - One blew this way and one blew that way
Fuck her. 
only one but it takes him 5 episodes.
A mocking bird!
Universal cereal bus
Just turn on the sprinkler.
He moses lawn.
Sir Cumference
A jew doesn't have to lie to have a big nose.
They bone 
The porn industry, if you know what I mean.
Going to camp. 
Because they drink it before it's cool.
If you were forced to have it as a kid, you probably don't like it as an adult. 
Euca-lipton
Guil-tea!
A Dell.
A circus has a cunning array of stunts
His personality
The unemployment line

A: A baseball team
Drunk men.  Little children.  Yoga pants. 
12 One to screw it in, one to excoriate men for inventing such faulty means if illumination, one to suggest the whole "screwing" bit to be too "rape-like", one to deconstruct the light bulb itself as being phallic, one to blame men for not changing the bulb, one to blame men for trying to change the bulb instead of letting a woman do it, one to blame men for creating a society that discourages women from changing its light bulbs, one to blame men for creating a society where women change too many light bulbs, one to advocate that light bulb changers should have wage parity with electricians, one to alert the media that women are now "out-lightbulbing" men, one to just sit there taking pictures for her blog for photo-evidence that men are unnecessary.
In the Dwyer.
Because Micheal hasn't shaved his pubes since 1973.
They both look like overcooked potatos
The New York Jets.
5:38 PM. 
A blowjob.
aSpaceBar
James bondage 
Han Solo dies
A HI-V (high five)
Operator: Just dial 739 Guy: I did but there's no Ring
, from the Greek  , meaning "Many".  And  , from English, meaning "little bloodsucking creatures."
The bananus
Iraq the dishes in the dish rack and Iran the dishwasher
Because they are missing two towers.
They egg-cersize.
A chopstick! 
One’s a Goodyear. The other’s a   year.
A brick to the back of his head should do it.
a cucumber
i mean its really good when robbing someone when you get caught 'surprise, heres the cake now bye' and he just walk out the house with the tv
Because he had nothing to chauffeur.
A: Can't complain ...
To get the newspaper. Do you get it? Neither did the chicken.
me-OW!
Its not that bad or particularly good. Its 82% that's a low "B".
Gesticular
One of them is a cucumber and the other is a cumcuber.
"Robin, get in the Batmobile."
A: Miscarriage  This joke never gets old, just like the baby.
Them: I think it's Lit Me: I mean I like the song but I wouldn't call it lit...
Jihadhd warrior.
SINammon (Sorry)

The forty mile bike ride I finished.
When it is ajar.
Donald Trump
It was ground a few minutes ago.
have a successful dentistry practise.
He said never mind we'll walk.
They are all #2s.
They just became Silver State
An archaeologist. The older she gets the more interested he becomes.
with a microwave 
I can't even
To find Pooh!
Seymour.

After the last dog they just ate. 
Vocabulary
Riding Solo
Boot Camp
Abortion
No seat belt.
It's too wet to woo.
Merci backup.
Solo
Cheat, cheat, cheat.
Vlad The Inhaler. 
Because they got Chewbacca 
They don't know where home is.
Because he was a sauerkraut.
Fathers day in Detroit. 
My psychologist.
Father's Day.
Sharron.
Ooops... wrong sub.
Camembert
Cross country
Depends™
Anne Frankly, I did Nazi that Juan coming.
Three - One to screw it in, one to say we don't need to screw it in, and one to say we do need to screw it in.
"No, I'm dead serious."
"Tits man or arse man?" I was asked. I really should have got in there earlier when they were giving out super hero names.
Nemonade
She choked. 
Ice is
To get some tots!
I am fine with 5km races but marathons just do my head in.
You can't gargle sand!
He called it "Cheeses of Nazareth".
Because red shirts die easily.
Thanks!
There,Their,They're
It makes me sick. 
Pair of medics.
Court is adjourned
The game.
Because his name is on them.
Because if it did, we'd have sent foreign aid by now.
Telling your parents that you're gay.
By smoking a lot of fags.
If he didn't, he would fall.
It's "popcorn"! What were you thinking?!
Yoko Ono.
It's a common idiom, meaning that a small action results in a much larger reaction due to the cumulated effect of previous small actions. It's really common, you should know this...
They call it iBone 
A-hem!
So he can kick out at 2.
Washing your whites on a rinsed cycle.
Phyto.
Nein...
Barbiecue.
They don't work in the future either.
Because the hamburger is in the ground state.
Press "C : ENTER : ###"
Sweden is HOMOgenous
All right all right all right.
He got a hole in one
You Barium.
There's a nap for that.
They prove men can concentrate on two things at once. 
Handicaps
Because none of their readers believe them when they receive a warning that it's their final issue.
The macrophone
Watt?!
I heard it's very time consuming.
Start with a large fortune and open a restaurant.
Java and JavaScript are similar in the same way car and carpet are.
Because the previous day, the teacher told her students; "Don't worry guys, it's gonna be a piece of cake". 
One has claws at the end of its paws and one is a pause at the end of a clause
A churro.
They both died before finishing a race.
Turns out two Wongs don't make a Reich.
"Curses! Foil again!"
​He realizes that it has to be a one-way wall! All Mexicans should be able to get out but no one should be coming in. Technology to build a one-way wall is not there yet.
Geometry 
A school bus full of children. 
With a body bag.
A ROADMAP!!!
Neither did he
Sorry! Gone fission.
Check the Pulse
A. Shesus B. Godess C. Nun of the above (Im new so this is probably pretty bad)
Test tickles
I noe
Well the first noticeable difference is that the watermelon tastes better. 
It's because he isn't unique. There's always amumu here and amumu there, here a mu, there a mu, everywhere amumu. 
It's a wildly successful game that only has straight, white main characters (I stole this joke from somewhere but am not allowed to say where)
Nein
Loose stools
An AE I.O.U.  P.S. Im proud of this one :3
Take away it's credit cards.
Yes.
She used an analogy
Cowlin Mockery 
Ereptile disfunction
Mute
A cow-culator. haha haha ha ... ok, I'll leave.
The phrase “I went through a whole box of tissues watching that film.” usually has a completely different meaning.
Because only he could pull it off.
A non-prophet religion Edit: Replace the word "religion" with "set of beliefs" if you're picky about that sort of thing 

Salmon
Alive
He managed to get out of the beast, but he looked like shit.
Clown poo!
Someone told me but I forgot.
Because he wanted to make $50K per day from ad revenue.
2π 
Dad jokes
A man rushes into a bar and screams at the bartender, "How tall is a penguin?" The bartender looks at him weirdly and says, "Excuse me?" The man repeats, "How tall is a penguin?" The bartender motions with his hands. "Uh, about this high." The color drains from the man's face as he says, "Oh shit I just ran over a nun."
he kept mountain goats.....
To get to the idiots house. Knock knock  Who's there? The chicken.
any
This joke is answered by the Wiki or by Searching.
congress.
Because you can't rub two sticks together you get fire.
A tortoise.
A cantaloupe. The spelling is completely different... 
Cause he always plays with Pooh.
A four-chin teller
She was an udder disappointment.
Because you seem OK.  I'm not sorry
(warning this is an old ass joke I either found or made up, can't remember, but my friend did post this on his instagram after our conversation over it) "I'm cummin' for ya!"
Me-How do you view gays? person- ehh, whatever they don't affect me Me- Same here Me- How do you view Lesbians? Person-Samething, they dont affect me Me- I view them in HD!
it's malarious.
Don't pay her.
To get to the other side
Adobe Wan Kenobi
It will make fleeing to Mexico more difficult when he ruins our country.
Nobody does your job for you when you're out
Disabulled.
The Amazing Racist.
You have to drop the bomb twice so they get the message
Just put it on my bill
Megasoreass What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Lickalotapuss
The Joker only killed people in Gotham City.
Tulips on an organ!
I never had a garbanzo bean in my mouth!
Hey, get off me homes !
Because New Jersey drivers are terrible
German Shepherd pie.
Caesar salad
A Spaghetto. 
Because they cant find dates﻿
Finger puppet 
Sketchers
To cover up their Ariel-as.
He drank his coffe before it was cool.
By swimming in the main stream.
"Soy cheapo."
She couldn't see sharp.
Nothing, she just gagged a little.
Wow, this really blew up, thanks guys!
A Fartist
Not a single person died.
Because he can't take a shot to the head.
Why not,  I've already got two degrees that could be less useful.
Set yourself on fire.. (Please nobody actually do this)
He was nailed by a bunch of guys.
He wanted to speak in tungsten.
To get to the other side!
Just follow his coke mules.
He was intent on sleeping in. 
They walk on the sins of their ancestors. 
Law suits!
You slow down and use lube ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
About 5 inches.
It doesn't matter because they can't change anything.
It's agave tequila, honey.
To the re-tail store. :D
One snatches watches, and the other watches snatches!
Depressed.
Drunk people are found   bars. Black people are found   them.
A chimp-pansy. This is my go to primatology joke. 
Hello?
Because he was Russian.
MetalliCAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAW 
One leg is both the same.
Diaz Nuts
Even dry farts feel like wet farts.
Boom. 
A shower

With a blues scale 
Shots for Everyone!!!
Kroger
Because then he'd be a Thai!
'Good day, m'hogany'
Hey kid, want to buy some candy?
Wait
Finding out that your son was gay.
One is a phagocyte and the other is a fag-o-cide...
Yeah I'm surprised more of them didn't get out, most of them would have already had their shit packed.
Because it can't fly.
Faux. 
Apparently, it's not for kids.
He pulled himself apart
Were both empty inside and weigh a tonne
Because he ate too much of them.
Slap an African child.
One is a cartoon character with a hot temper and the other is a duck.
She ate a big meal then went to the bathroom and stuck her thumb up her ass.
Law suits.
A good start. P.S: N*ggers=Naggers. I hate those guys. What did you think?? ;)
It's immiscible.
In Cairns. 
Telling your parents your gay.
You put a little boogie in it.
¡No más te! 
I'm just wondering because I'm having trouble getting their little legs open.
Because it's soda pressing 
Give him a knife and say "who's special?"
A church tree  (birch tree)
Well neither did she. 
The Post Office
A fruit rollup.
Put it in the oven until it's Bill Withers.
It was a total mascara.
Welcome to Louisiana
Who else invents things?
It's common practice for parents to choose the name for their children.
A salad shooter
A good joke.
JC Penny
They bee hive
nothing, melons can't talk
A Master of Fine Farts
Motherfucker
One, plus or minus one.
because he's retarded
Homophones.
cancer
When 90% of your search history is ASMR videos.
The microwave doesn't brown my meat.
The Nile
Ten-ish.
One Direction
A ban from the petting zoo.
Fish and ships.
"Bonjour, je m'apelle Guy aussi!" ("Hello, I am called Guy as well!")
None. He 'fell'.
A newspaper 
You don't pull out
One to hold the lightbulb, and the rest of the world to revolve around them
Me: Not unless it's named Ted Cruz
let's go ride bikes.
He was out-standing in his field. 
I would love to tell you, but I am afraid the answer is a little bit lacist.
Statue bro?
Chemtrails.
A buccaneer.
Run like hell, she's got a grenade in her mouth
The_Donald
They're both made for kids, but dad ends up playing with them.
THAT'S NOT FUNNY!
My zipper.
You conduit!
I heard he's all right. 
A transit
on top
á la Mode
Because they're very good at it.
Because everyone was a goblin
Nobody. They're too angry at the mods at   to care. 
For fingering a minor.
A tutor.
A bun in the oven.
That's not my side work! How many cooks does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Fuck that, 86 light bulbs!
Yeasty I'll show myself out
Intergalactose
Six hasn't been the same since he left Vietnam. He can seldom close his eyes without opening them again at fear of Charlies lurking in the jungle trees. Not that you could ever see the bastards, mind you. They were swift, and they knew their way around the jungle like nothing else. He remembers the looks on the boys' faces as he walked into that village and... oh, Jesus. The memories seldom left him, either. Sometimes he'd reminisce - even hear - Tex's southern drawl. He remembers the smell of Brooklyn's cigarettes like nothing else. He always kept a pack of Lucky's with him. The boys are gone, now. He knows that; it's just that he forgets, sometimes. And, every now and then, the way that seven looks at him with avid concern in his eyes... it makes him think. Sets him on edge. Makes him feel like he's back there... in the jungle.
Nevermind, it's too cheesy...
They weren't thinking straight.
Get in the truck bitch.
They are all about delivery.
You dose their drink with 250 micrograms DMT
Because he was always 
A numbskull
Because Jurassic times call for Jurassic measures
Oops, wrong sub
Wii W.
You don't need to change your bulb. Light or heavy, you are beautiful and worthy of acceptance. 
A labracadabrador! I am not sorry.
free ham
Pull the pin and throw it back.
Creamstar.
Sorry, repost
They have big fans.
I cry when I cut onions
They're both old.
An exor- .
A coconut!
A harmacist
Whipped cream.
Because they rain supreme.
I don't know and I don't care...
The more you bang them, the looser they get.
None. They like to keep their subscribers in the dark.
A rockodile.
Because it was my first wank in a week
Jokes on 
The   sub count.
My record is 21 years.
Check pulse
Outlaws are wanted
Getting new shoes every week.
Just check for fresh prince 
It was da-press-in.
with a low "ha"
They insist your safe word has an upper case letter, a lower case letter, and at least one number.
When you're done with the breast and thighs,  the only thing left is a greasy box to put your bone in
This thread has been locked.  You will unable to vote or comment.
A wonky.
Neither have they
Because Olive Oyl was saving herself for marriage.
Virginia mobile 
It didn't make much of a splash.
Ones full of dead semen and the other one is the Titanic 
Eel-ectronic music. 
Profit Muhammad.
He wants to make America grate again. 
Because everyone that can run, jump or swim is already here in the US.
a pickpocket snatches watches
She went down on the Titanic.
It drives me crazy. I feel like I am missing out on important information. They should put the whole thing in one language.
Undocumented Democrats
Being in-genious 
Wheeeeeeeee!!!!!
He parks his car, man. 
NO.  "That's the spirit!" ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Dunno. I'm pretty shit at both. 
Two, one to change it and one to tell her she did a really good job. 
Because their sheep can hear zippers.
Pilates
Grass. I was kidding about the wheels.
Yeah, he got the cold shoulder.
Don't ask her out again.
Because you make bad hamburgers!
A djinn and Jews. 
In the sidebar it shows something about  , wtf is this
Juan 
Because they already fell for that shit once.
No one knows.
When he's quacked.
If you are not in bed by 12, come home.
He sent out a message in remorse code. 
A guy walks into a bar and hears two women speaking in a British accent.  He asks, "Are you ladies from England?"  One says to him "No, it's Wales, you idiot!"  So, then the guy says, "Okay, sorry.   So, are you two whales from England?"
Pregnant
Nothing.
A tissue
When you see he has no hands.
Stew.
They both want to get there before the hare.
I give a shit when my PC crashes.
Cars.
Six Fags
Because you know he is actually guilty. Credit to   for the joke!
Consent.
He tractor down
It takes only one nail to hold the picture up
Once you Hava Nagila, you'll want another! 
FaZebook.
Whoops, wrong sub
An impasta!
A sunken chest and no booty
FINNISH HYMN!
A kid watches Lord of the Rings, and asks his cousin. "Where are goblins from?" The cousin says they are mischievous English spirits that go around harassing people. Thinking about it, the boy says, "So where do trolls come from?" The cousin says, "Reddit."
Three stripes, you rout.
His wife and kids
Because if it were called the K-10, they would be police cats
They are the Buildawall group now.
Because you start with a bigger piece of wood, and you make it whittler.
An awl don't have teeth, but ASSAAAA DUUUUU
Seaweed
Logic.
Fe Male
Doubloons.
Free ham.
Orange is the New Black
They climate
Yea, a little kid fell into his ring so they shot him.
Pulling the plug.
Gotta go fast!
Sue
One is a cunning bunch of runts and the the is a running bunch of.....nevermind. 
The prison bars.
Yard stick.
The bars. Shoutout to my bud Treyvon for this joke from almost 7 years ago.
Put it in a pot and boil the hell out if it.
They install at night, while you are asleep, without consent.
There was no outlet
At least your ex wife only wanted half your stuff. Hillary wants all of it.
carne asuuuuhhduuh
It's ram a dam
Rape.
Because they heard there were no jobs there.
Nepal
wake up my wife and kids and watch the show. Realistically, any action would be futile anyway :D
Because I want to drop a baby in you. 
Auschwistic
ghost buzzards
Put it in a blender.
It won't be there
A. Because everyone keep recycling the same jokes
No whey mate
He was the biggest dick in the race.
They wine.
Six was never the same after the war. The metallic clang of a dumpster closing and a garbage truck in the morning would bring him back to the enemy tanks running over innocent houses and villages whilst he and his surviving mates hid cowering in the bushes waiting for the metallic monstrosities to pass. Praying the next cannon fire would not be in their direction. They held their breath and eyes as the whirring roar of the machine went away.  Seven had been seeing Six about his trauma for years and in all his years of therapy had never encountered such a severe case of PTSD. He tried to get Six to go back to those moments so he could confront and overcome them but many sessions would end with Six screaming in the fetal position on the couch. Seven looked down in pity at the cowering Six and sometimes it seemed hopeless... But dammit Seven wasn't going to give up on a human being the government had used and thrown aside as shrapnel. There had to be a way. That night 7s wife asked "what's wrong honey?".  "Oh just this client... " he replied, as he 8 the 9 his wife had served him.
a Baghdad
Put a tampon in her, take it out and see if the cottons picked off. 
Because it's a stereo type
Beat it. We're closed. 
It's a valid question. I'm sleeping with one and really hope the other brother is doing better
They thought it was spelled "facts."
Getting your palms red at the same time.
Why did the brothel run out of money? Because all of the investors pulled out. 
I've never seen any femail boxes.
A yardstick.
Brand warged into him while he was at a whore house. "Fuck them all"
With a broom and a dustpan.
Under a-rest.
Tranquilized.
It had rigor-tortoise
I can't believe I blew 50 bucks!
THAT SON OF A BEACH ROBBED ME!
Dishes Sean Connery.
deez nuts. 
-Do you know the difference between curtain and toilet paper? -No... -GUYS, HE DID IT!
They both put organs in people.
A misogynist.
The skilled ones don't.
A whistle blower 
A Shih Tzu. 
The mycollege.
He was a little quiet.
Because they look for contributors to open sores.
Nothing. Kim Jong Un's engineering is perfect, just like my life.
By giving it ten tickles  
Hebrews it.
I would actually care if I lost 6 million dollars. Creds to Khai
Because if I was your dad, I'd be in jail too.
Bran He is Hodorless
Your mum
I give a Fuck when my computer crashes
Three. One to hold the light bulb do and two to spin the chair
What did one ovary say to the other one? "Did you order any furniture?" "No. Why?" asked the other. "Cause there's two nuts out there trying to deliver an organ."
Every time there's a student protest, you take 100 shots.
Mohammed Dali
To get to the bottom 
Wiped his ass
They both abhor a vacuum.
Business was dead.
Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
Tragic.
A diseased beaver on your organ.
Ctrl+esh
Because he was drunk Why did the second monkey fall out of the tree? He was tied to the first one Why did the third monkey fall out of the tree? Peer Pressure 
Beer.
They both cover up for pedophiles. 
It's only a weem away.
In sainsburys   
Nothing, he's been told twice already.  (And be cool, if you get the reference keep quiet and let em wonder.)
Cats have claws at the end of their paws, and a comma is a pause at the end of a clause.
A toy-
To get to the other side!
Crispin Glover.
A priest's hands stop at 10.
Colby Jack's. 
He got a little behind in his work
A lie
Ba-Na-Na-NAAAAAAAAAAAA
Miss Direction.
Gotta go fasting! LOL
One spends 400 dollars on a console that will play games for years, the other pays 400 dollars for a graphics card that will be outdated in a week
Your gullibility.
North of the Wal-Mart
Resistance if feudal
Islam.
A guy comes up to his friend with an offer.  - I am organizing a group sex event. Do you want to participate?  - Who is on the list?  - Four people: I, my wife, you and your wife.  - Hell no! I don't agree!  - OK, then I remove you from the list...
Because it has 'ac'. 
Clown poo.
Because they're two tired
Isn't it annoying when the first line of a post is the same as the title?
They are fascinating to watch, though they typically only ever clean each other's genitals. 
Because my wife says she wants to dance on my grave.
WHAT IS ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE?
A guy in his mid twenties is in a bar when he notices an atractive milf. He decides to try his luck and goes over to talk with her. She seems interested and after a few drinks she asks him if he has ever considered taking part in a mother / daughter threesome. Seeing as the milf is so attractive he figures why not? Surely with such an attractive milf the daughter must be attractive as well. They get a cab to her house and as she unlocks the door she shouts; "Mom, put in your teeth, we have a guest!"
Wife: "How would you describe me?"  Husband: "ABCDEFGHIJK."  Wife: "What does that mean?"  Husband: "Adorable, beautiful, cute, delightful, elegant, fashionable, gorgeous, and hot."  Wife: "Aw, thank you, but what about IJK?"  Husband: "I'm just kidding!"
I dunno, I'm just waiting to hear white people ask how come there's no White Friday.
That's an oxy, moron!
Asif (As-if)
Dug
Ramen! Before you judge harshly, I would like to state that this was invented by a six year old, all on his own, no coaching. 
"Kill me." The cop didn't kill him.
because When they come they’re wild and wet like hurricanes, but when they go they take your house and car
They bring flowers to his grave. 
They're making headlines everywhere!
The Wheelchair
A hammer and pop-sickle
I've never paid to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
They both don't work and always take your money 
Wiped his ass
Because I ran over it with my car.
Farm gold in China.
he Kermit suicide!
Van Dyke
Feminem
Your sexuality.
LeBrown James
You only need one nail to hang the painting.
[REDACTED]
Mobil Juan 
Sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away
The ultrasound guy
Graaaaaaaaaaaaaains...
Russell.
Defendant: Not quilty.
They're pretty, so men will like them.  They're dumb, so they will like men.  Courtesy of the great movie Ip Man 3 which I watched yesterday.
The prawn.
Crystal Methodists
Serious question not a joke
A Ham-di man! :D
When he's a billionaire. 
Baking Bad
An astronut.
That shi* was intense. 
Spoiled milk!
Rubbit 
A four-chin teller 
Ask him/her to pronounce unionized Edit: Gets 3000+ upvotes, Karma remains at 20...
America.
Alien Vs Predator
They don't like to look down on the unemployed
Don't pay her
A zebra, you bastard.
Both force themselves on you without consent. 
Not enough.
A gun has one trigger.
Ooops, typo. Have you seen where my pen is?
It's a pain in the ass to retrieve the wheelchairs. 
He was shaken, not stirred.
The one is a   (three cornered curry cake) and the other is a   (three cornered cake/vagina cloth).
Logic.
It was quite a meel
Because they can't even.
His dick tastes like shit.
Well, last week was my birthday. My wife didn't wish me a happy birthday. My parents forgot and so did my kids. I went to work and even my colleagues didn't wish me a happy birthday. As I entered my office, my secretary said, "Happy birthday, boss!" I felt so special. She asked me out for lunch. After lunch, she invited me to her apartment. We went there and she said, "Do you mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute?" "Okay," I said. She came out 5 minutes later with a birthday cake, my wife, my parents, my kids, my friends, & my colleagues all yelling, "SURPRISE!!!" while I was waiting on the sofa... naked.
He serves no porpoise.
You can see the definition.
Because it's lit
Put a child in its enclosure.
He only comes once a year.
Because it was two-tiered.
I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face.
Demi Moore 
Don't go back to those two places. 
DAD : Well son that depends weather you are HORNY or HUNGRY .
You only get laid once.
"Well, I fucked that one up."
Nothing. Trust me.
None.
Massless chaps
Despairagus.
The priest doesn't wait for you to hit puberty to come on your face.
Put a Rubik's Cube in the vagina for exactly one minute and see if it comes out solved.
A bit neurotic. 
B9
A Sandy Hook
Tennish.
To get to the Otherside.
None!  Cats can't sew!
A pick pocket only snatches people's watches. Credit Sanford and Son Edit: Statches
Ate something.
A lot, apparently.  Have you seen their new building?
The bullet comes out of the chamber.
Because he had hives Badum tsh
He was trying to find Winnie the Pooh.
Parents 
Snow balls 
you neek up on it.
Dildos come in more than one color.
An enzyme is a biological catalyst, while a hormone is a chemical that is used to send "message" between cells.
It takes three to five years before anyone will hire them.
We found her head and shoulders in the glove box. 
Hire a hitman
Uncles.
Society 
Nothing. If you've heard Juan you've heard Jamal.
A: Because he's married.
The bucket.
Ark-n-Saw.
He saw the salad dressing!   Thank you thank you..
A: Because he uses quality ingredients. What did you think, asshole?
A knock-knocktopus. 
Shut up!
Put sheet music in front of him
Cook the shit out of it. 
you get a VHS tape.
Safe.
It doesn't matter what you call it. It's not gonna come.  (Probably been posted before, but oh well I'm new and I apologize)
I'm stuck. 
Your mother, that is who i call a stupid whore
Ground Beef
No man can handle that many periods. 
A salsarer
A Nordic Track.
Herpes.
Coffee.
A thin layer of crust
Blade Runner 2: Do Androids Dream of Electric Boogaloo?
You chastise the fuck out of them
I thought Australia already had enough black widows
With a New York steak. Edit: I want to say this is OC because I thought of it myself but I feel like someone else may have also thought of it at some point in time.
So in the end they didn't even splatter. 
Citric Flaccid 
You pay them with Dong.
Because they don't appreciate random people knocking on their door.
The Mastur Race.
He's only worth 1 Dinero.
To get to the other side
Their knees
Flip through the folds until you smell poop, then go back one.
Lit matches.
A pop-sickle
They're bread inside.
Diddly squat
Lawsuits! 😂 Courtesy of the popsicle I just enjoyed. Had to share. Have a great day.
So they can both look out the window.
America can't milk a cow for 15 years.
Suck his dick.        
"Meeeeee!" I wrote this.  I'm now a comedy writer.  You are welcome. 
Humphrey.
How about the ability to go invisible, but it only works while you're playing a trumpet.
Because their peckers are on their faces.
They watch moving picktures.
I'll take your money!
The epileptic
You lose interest once you make a withdrawal.
They're Aryans.
cause she's a two-timin' four. 
Chickpeas
Christian Bale.
A ham-brrr-ger. my 7yo claims she made it up herself.
Little Seizures...
You can't get pregnant during '69.
No! I'm busy. Ask your grandmother. Actually I'd rather ask Grandad. His hand shakes more.
I made mine when I stopped giving a shit
An investigator. 
None, he can pay someone to do it for him.
For fingering a minor.
A BLACK&DECKER PECKER WRECKER..
A Border Collie
Jew-ish
Just 'Canadian'.
....a burrrrrito! Obviously, it's almost 2am, and I'm tired and punchy!
He never got up by the time he counted to 10 Edit: Phrasing
A:With both of them you go sniff sniff hooray!
Ass-fix-iation
Kanagaroos. While they both do great with the hops, Kangaroos just have a little more kick!
Sniff-illis 
Not Ali....
Because you're a real CAT and I dig you
King Kong
They're always man-spreading on their sandwiches.
Too soon
"Sorry I'm late.  My ride was Stalin."
Elephino. 
After 5 years your job will still suck.
By separating the good Juans from the bad Juans!
He worked it out with a pencil.
Look for the fresh prints.
It doesn't matter. Kill two birds with one stone and just stop both by putting the toddler in front of the train.  EDIT:  I shoulda made the train speed 250 and the toddler run slower but the discussion I had involved the relevance of mass as opposed to velocity to get a point across and then I realized what a stellar opportunity it was to make this joke.  
Yeah, basically the concept of friendship is so foreign to them that they created a new word for it.
Because he couldn't get his dick out the chicken
Because you already read-it.
Enough to kill two and a half men. 
It's called Malaysian Airline, one hit of that shit and you are GONE.
Skin, it says in the scripture that Moses tied his ass to a tree and walked 3 miles to the next town.
A pill can achieve an erection.
They call themselves Hummas.
How do you breath out of that tiny thing?
Because he has 3 dead parents and Bruce only has 2
Cause they're dead!
Because they make up everything..
That's a peng ting.
They won't stop to ask for directions.
A klipklopse
In a blow up pool
Dr. Dre
COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!
you're low key loki
ITS FUCKING FROZEN!
A cucumber, you pervert!
I'd do it for free, bitch. 
Cop – How high are you? Me – No, you are wrong. Its Hi, how are you?
Robin Williams dies
It's not hard.
Loads
The physicist gives theories about how shit works. An engineer takes the theories, unfortunately finds 1000 other ways of how that shit doesn't work and eventually creates something that transforms the theoretical shit into some real shit. 
Hau Ling.
They stayed away from the mainstream.
A Baboom!
Cause they would look like dicks.
Because they're all out of cervix
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, a house doesn’t jump at all.
Trump builds towers and Bush knocks them down.
Bush didn't do a cow. 
They chalk it out
Cover your ears with your hands
Kick her in the ass.
When you're having sex a hooker says "are you done yet?" Your girlfriend says "you're done already?" And your wife says "beige, we should definitely paint the ceiling beige."
They were scared of sparks flying. 
The Titanic sinks.
Professional Assholes.
Grass. I lied about the wheels. Credit to my gymnastics coach
Because prisons don't have chimneys.
One....Two...One, Two...
Danke
Elbow.
"Put it down, Tyrone!"
Teacher: Why are you late?  Student: There was a man who lost a hundred dollar bill.  Teacher: That's nice. Were you helping him look for it?  Student: No. I was standing on it.
Son: Dad, what is an idiot?  Dad: An idiot is a person who tries to explain his ideas in such a strange and long way that another person who is listening to him can't understand him. Do you understand me?  Son: No.
Lady Gaga's Vagina
Give him a knife and say "Who's special?"
racism has many faces
His pants fit like a glove.
With an ithberg
He came out of the cupboard
Yeah. They all have trans-sisters...
Keep at it, inmate! 
I mean, come on, a little gas never killed anyone
A gorilla with a child in the enclosure.
A: Historically insignificant.
By passing the bar exam.
Because he was just tired of being an escape goat.
They send them through the Wash.
The Police
Virgin Mobile
I asked my 26 brothers and sisters and they don't know either.
A Kami-kaze
French Fries 
You get the picture. 
I've heard she's a ho.
The Wheelchair.
Unix
Because the quark had a strange flavour
A cash register. 
My wife thinks it's pronounced Nice but I think it's Nice. 
His K'Nex!
No idea. (No eye deer) What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no idea. What do you call a deer with no eyes, no legs and no sexual organs? Still no fucking idea!
One to pick up the phone and call some other asshole to do it. 
ninja art.. CAMEL CRUSH!
A woman wants a man who can satisfy all her needs.  A man wants all women who can satisfy his needs. 
Nothing if you're a gorilla.
DogMa
Rice-ist!
Because theyre really good at it!
If I find a job in the classifieds...does that mean I can't tell anyone!?
With a square Dance!
With a monkey wrench.
A Reddit card
WASWAS!
The Diarrhea of Anne Frank
Wait, Nevermind 
To get to the other side!
a girl from Jersey.
America.
Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-
I don't know and I don't care.
The last Clinton presidency left a bad taste in her mouth.
Whoretal Kombat.
A Forgoat.
Cancer. 
Lucky... I know it sucks...
Nothing. She had a frog in her throat.
Oculus Prime.
Pound cake
Too many thank-you notes.
Cause gangsters always catch the snitch!
Dead
Cacao! Cacao!
You can sleep with a light on. 
Bite bite, suck suck, they do the deep dick combo mombo!
Alien vs. Predator
So they fit in the box.
Judy would. #toosoon?
Tree turdy.
With the fishes. 
they cowmmute.
Q: Where do ballerinas go to get their torrents? A: The Pirouette Bay
Everywhere.
No eye deer 
Unfunny.
The returner can catch a punt...

Because they could have easily fitted in another pair of tits there...
A dead bird.
damn girl, i just wanna TAP dat ass
ALLAHUUUUUU AKBARRRR
Because a sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.
Pilgrims.
311
It got pissed off. 
They live in Cameltoe.
By opening the door.
Orange chicken.
No it isn't.
The jokes are ok but you need to work on your delivery. 
Because they are   behind
HERE COMES THAT BOI OH SHIT WADDUP!
Put it in the freezer.
A nail gun
Because they push 2 twins together to make a king.
A punchline.
Take the 's' out of "sub" and the 'f' out of "way"
Raisin Bran
Nobody expected that late run from Gonzalez, did they?
They hate plaque buildup.
.wav
With an itheberg
Tommy Tookalook
Well, half of it is my mother's fault.
fruit punch
Tom Marvolo 
Booootyfull
One is a busty crustacean, and the other is a crusty bus station.
He was hit by an omnibus.
A burglar snatches watches.
It's a beta blocker
Go to Auschwitz with a dust pan.
She's a deaf son of a bitch
Australia. 
A mandate
Now, that was one politi-cat debate!
3 Lannisters.
Because OCT 31 is the same as DEC 25. 
After 5 years, your work still sucks.
The leaf.  The emo is stopped by the rope.
It was a no cows eviction.
Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.
It's just a real cluster fuck
Mount Rushmore
The hooker will stop screwing you after you're dead. 
We better get some support before someone thinks we're nuts
Ash 
Because he found his honey.
What jokes have you got on anzacs?
They both live off dead beetles
European kids actually come home from school.
Pork chops at half price
None, its already lit fam!
TB
They're both eliminated and finished second in their conference.
She needed more concentration.
They hang around after the man leaves and talk to the woman.
He stepped down.
Philadelphia, the city of brotherly love.
A brief case
In little nazis
6,000,000
They haven't got anti-aliasing.
They don't get the concept of classes​​!
4:04
Honey, I nut. Cheerio! (I think I'm funny)
The shit's in a bucket !   
Kermit's finger
Parah Salin.
There was a hare in his bed.
He couldn't prove shit.
A boy scout comes back from his camp.
They were hoisted by their own Picard.
Roll up her sleeve.
Because chickens tend to run from people with a last name of Sanders.
She was Arapaho 
Pants
Intercoarse
A Meow-tain.
An oopsy daisy.
Because they don't "come from the hood"
When you are both stiff
Because that ass could take over the world. Haha don't know if this is used or not yet but I dreamt up this joke so enjoy.
The second (right to bare arms)
Rice Fields Forever.
Clown Poo
It is an airport. 
Because the Parrots-eat-em-all. Thank you, I'm here all night.
You will lose every hand.
None it's already lit fam suh
Call out "B-52"
Cause Jews only have ten fingers.
For-Skin
Because it is very TIME CONSUMING. LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL LMFAO STFU 
A poodull
Attire.
Because it was stapled to the chicken.
Stymied Coppers
Because seven is a licensed six offender.
With his ribs
Hairy Potter.
Because it was provOLONE
ABCD   (A B Cd.....) as in obesity.... Will show myself to hell now. 
He forgot to cover his tracks! im
First, you get a great big zipper...
The on-dick circle of course.
Tindergarden
Because the extra bean would be too farty.
"Etude, Brute?"
He sucks a cockortwo! 
little cis
Cottage cheese.
Because they cantaloupe
Ed...ward.
I'm going in cover me !
No it doesn't I'm asking for a friend because I've never got one
Or was Snoop Lion ?
A cellar :)
So they both can watch Nascar.
The sound of the dog screaming at 8000 feet gets to you after a while.
Lewdicrous

Anyone can roast beef.
Because a wall was blocking his way
To avoid debating.
One's a slimy, scum-sucking bottom feeder, and the other is delicious dipped in batter and deep-fried.
In your dogs asshole. Should there be border control frisking, it will be perceived as two dogs plain wolfing
Vans
“Do these genes make me look fat?”
Because they're in continents.
To get the quarter back.
They have a chip on both shoulders.
Because they're trying asbestos they can.
About 3 weeks.
2 because 1 of them have to narrate.
Because they like to play with each other's  oui oui.
A COKe bottle.
The Salivation Army.
he is not coming till judgement day. so sorry am i going to hell for this?
Add 24 carrots
Neither have they.
What did the SJW say to the person who had just been blackmailed? At least you didn't get white maled.
Bernie Sanders!!
A hermaphrodike
A recyclist. 
To get away from Tyson.
Transylvania.
2:30
Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
    Hey thanks everyone for reading (and laughing) <insertwinkingfaceerror42045> My name is Richard Dick, comedian. You can find me performing behind various Walgreen's and CVSs around the Chicagoland area. So feel free to check me out, oh and free tug/blast job to whoever can laugh the hardest! Alright goodbye love, R. Dick.     Just a little background/explanation behind this joke, it took me about two weeks to write. I was just interested in the idea that we may send a man there to look around for aliens or something. So I decided I wanted to write a joke about it hahaha! So what I did was, I took Europa and combinded it with Europeans. The words are very similar so it works. You'd think we come up with a new unique name but we used an already used name. OK if there are any more questions feel free to ask me, thanks!
Why don't pastry chefs buy taylor made cigarettes? Because they profiterole their own 
Because he always gets stuck in Chapter 11.
It drives me nuts.
She was moo-ving
100 dollars
Hopefully less than a handjob. now i die of syphilis  bye veronica
This guy walks into a bar and two steps in, he realizes it's a gay bar.  But, what the heck, he says to himself, I really want a drink. Shortly, the gay waiter approaches, and says to the guy, "What's the name of your penis?" The customer says, "Look, I'm not into any of that. All I want is a drink." The waiter replies, "I'm sorry, but I can't serve you until you tell me the name of your penis. Mine, for instance, is Nike, for the slogan 'Just Do It.' That guy down at the end of the bar calls his Snickers, because 'It Really Satisfies'." The customer looks dumbfounded, so the bartender jumps in and tells him he will give him a minute to think it over. The customer turns to the man sitting to his left, who is sipping on a beer, and asks, "Hey bud, what's the name of your penis?" The man looks back and says with a smile, "Timex." The thirsty customer asks, "Why Timex?" The fella proudly replies, "Cause it takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin'!" A little shaken, the customer turns to the fella on his right,who is sipping a fruity Margarita and says, "So, what do you call your penis?" The man turns to him and proudly exclaims, "Ford, because Quality is Job 1." Then he adds, "Have you driven a Ford lately?" Even more shaken, the customer has to think for a moment before he comes up with a name for his penis.  Finally, he turns to the bartender and shouts, "The name of my penis is Secret. Now give me a beer!" The bartender begins to pour the customer a beer but with a puzzled look asks, "Why Secret?" The customer replies, "Because it's 'Strong Enough For a Man, But Made For a Woman!"
Miss Tammy: Yes I are.
Infidel.
In instagrams
A Smeagull! :D
One.. ..Or two?
Haloumi!
the bunny's eyes
The Atlantic Ocean.
I don't know you tell me. 
Premature Edraculation
Its bang out of order!
They can't handle the trigger!
A trombone!
What do you call a hooker with diarrhea? Prosti-tootin
The vagina gets new,   content injected into it regularly.
He becomes hydrated.
Understandabull
A Facilitater  
Some say he had a foot in the door... and the window... and the wall.
"Can't Touch This"
Pikajew!
A spanking
A closet closet. 
Because they cantaloupe.  This joke was brought to you by Dads inc. 
To prevent Hispanic attacks.
The Spanish Inquisition.
The French Press Secretary!
A returd
People didn't freak out for no reason when I started eating an apple in public.
Just to imagine yourself as Wolverine
Good, mine too. See you at the refrigerator race tomorrow.
Finding a pot big enough for the wheelchair.
Two cannibals blowing each other.
nail the other hand to the floor.
Genocide.
9/11 victims. They went through 85 stories in 10 minutes.
The 12th floor.
When the frostbite is worse then the frostbark.
A family is at the dinner table. The son asks the father, “Dad, how many kinds of boobs are there?” The father, surprised, answers, “Well, son, a woman goes through three phases. In her 20s, a woman’s breasts are like melons, round and firm. In her 30s and 40s, they are like pears, still nice, hanging a bit. After 50, they are like onions.” “Onions?” the son asks. “Yes. You see them and they make you cry.” This infuriated his wife and daughter. The daughter asks, “Mom, how many different kinds of willies are there?” The mother smiles and says, “Well, dear, a man goes through three phases also. In his 20s, his willy is like an oak tree, mighty and hard. In his 30s and 40s, it’s like a birch, flexible but reliable. After his 50s, it’s like a Christmas tree.” “A Christmas tree?” the daughter asks. “Yes, dead from the root up and the balls are just for decoration.”
Bob.
OMG!
Uncles
The Wall
I always thought they were gunna hit me, not that they were going to destroy the housing market 20 years later.
Teacher: "Kids, what does the chicken give you?" Student: "Meat!" Teacher: "Very good! Now what does the pig give you?" Student: "Bacon!" Teacher: "Great! And what does the fat cow give you?" Student: "Homework!"
A flip-flop. 
He did a cover of The Wall by Pink Floyd 
Boom
Just Juan.  
Their horns don't work.
They steal the green cards.
I'm running Windows XP.
Now please post weed related jokes
He was a cheetah. 
Because they never get a reaction.
I can't jelly my dick up your arse.
A high five...
Mis O'Gyny
Because devils are horny.
On top of three children.
[removed]
Senator.
EROTIC is when you use a feather. KINKY is when you use the whole chicken.
Hitler had a plan. 
No, John!   can't see 
A musician wears his heart on his sleeve. A suicide bomber wears his spleen on your shoes.
Eventually, they're both getting laid by a Mexican.
Try to find the fresh prints
No, you are all left
Pulled pork
Hodor.
Nothing. He was dead.
Finn Laden.
Barns and no-bulls. (This joke was made up by my 7 year-old cousin.)
He doesn't work well with Vision
YOU'LL NEVER KNOW!! YOU WEREN'T THERE, MAN!!
The people in Dubai don't watch the Flintstones but the people in Abu Dhabidoooo!
He took a big whisk and stole some pot.
Hearing aids. 
The people in Dubai don't watch the Flintstones but the people in Abu Dhabidoooo!
An acronym stands for something
Three Reichs and you're out
I just came!
"That's right, and I'm not finished yet."
Everywhere
The tale of a rat. 
Keep your chins up.
An answering cervix
The Dildo in the highway,the short penis books,all from top-all time in  ,Seriously,this is a shit way to repost you fucking karmawhore
...because his head's way up here!
Because it was Low key
Boo-bees 
"I Have Read and Agree to the Terms of Service."
In m'field
The cat can 't kill itself because it 's a pussy.
they don't know where home is!
So that if they break, water doesn't hit you square in the face. 
a broken nose.
because they can't stand up for themselves!
a rip-off!
Just trying to fit in.
All the hot dogs taste like shit.
Liquor in the front poker in the back.
They say he died in denial.
putting her back in the wheelchair when you're done.
Hoe Mow
Lay down three shovels and tell him to take his pick.
Cause you're looking DE_licious tonight.
Mary Jane was climbing the flagpole at recess. Her teacher was yelling at her, saying, "Mary Jane! You get down right now! If you don't get down, everyone will see your underwear!" And Mary Jane just laughed and laughed......... ......because she knew she wasn't wearing any underwear!
A boobie. 
The gay guy eventually comes out
Shakitori!
Anakin Skywalker. (Happy Geek Pride Day!)
Carefully
Beauty. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. ITT: People who want to kill me, people who think I am their dad, more puns about bees, puns about beer, "oh I get it", and "this joke is more like a riddle"
What's the difference between Jello and a Dead Hooker?  Jello wiggles when you eat it out
Floppy Giussepe
"Gouda, gouda..."
Weight for it...
Donald Trump
Camouflaged
A metro-gnome
The X-Men
A plane bagel.
Down With The Thickness.
In the Spaghetto. (I 've seen this on reddit before, one of my all time favorites though!)
A jew
A "Lickalotofpuss". 
Publicly traded stock will mature and make money. 
Jesus
What do you do with Jews (or any other group of people) that have ADHD?  Send them to a concentration camp!
A Bird. 
Gingers
More than 30, my basement is still dark.
Holding cows together Edit: It doesn't work if you apply too much logic. Just enjoy the joke
With the bare-bones approach. 
Towels. 
virgin mobile
Booze 
Sergei.
Cause the grass tickles his balls...
There's no definitive proof that 6 million Jews were forced into concentration camps.
The housewife thinks about doing her taxes while having sex. The politician thinks about having sex while spending your taxes.
What difference, at this point, does it make?
Apparently he ate an 11 year old weiner. 
Because they don't trust ovens. You know, I don't blame them. They've been burned before. *Sorry for this one, I already know I'm probably going to hell. I thought of this after I heard Seth Rogan's "Jew in the oven" pregnancy joke in Neighbors 2.
No? Thats because it never came out...
Where did that list of dark jokes posted this morning go? Iv looked everywhere. 
to keep their nuts dry.
Because this joke is poorly executed. 
They take the psychopath.
Everywhere.
When you ask them "2+2 is ?":
Claude.
It's me Mario!
Relative humidity.
Because the local penitentiary ran out of Kool-Aid.
In a KFC bucket. 
Putting them back in the wheel chair.
Blind, probably.
Sparky. 
I've never paid a garbanzo to bean on my face.
With two knotzies.
A roasted baby with an apple in its mouth.
More than we have now. This sub is still shit.
Cause I'd tap that I didn't make this, but I don't remember where I heard it.
The only people who aren't afraid of a Trump presidency are on Mexico's Pole Vault team. 
Snatches
Tequila
Apparently not three.  It's still dark in my basement.  
FIND OUT NEXT TIME ON DRAGON BALL Z!
He was the White Power ranger
Jesus didn't have tattoos of Mexicans all over   body
Sadly, no... She never  .
They keep yelling 'oh God yes!' all the time.
About 10kg (22 lbs).
To meter you.
Fsh.
Because he didn't do it the   way
Because all proper tea is theft.
Disney movies can still touch little kids.
from a well, actually.
my life
Pu! Pu! Pu!

For throwing out all the w's.
Smallpox
An ImPASTA!
Money.
Women. Get off the internet, nerd.
Bear claaaaaarrrrrwwwwwwss!!!
"Hold the door! I'm a leaf on the wind!"
Just ice
A Trump-et
Rub the blood off your dick on his teddy bear 
I pity the full!
Cher-No-Bill
Zat is a qvestion for a philosopher, not a comedian!
She pasta way.
Remorse code
Why do Marxists only drink herbal tea? Because proper tea is theft.
They become victims of youth-in-asia!
Weight on it.
Because he was dying to do so. 
They both have an alge-bra.
Because when their opponent makes a point, they always respond with a valid counterpoint.
You don't fuck pencil sharpeners.
Because they just won't open their eyes!
Just Juan
a wannabe American
FALL OUT
He keeps missing his train
Use the fork, Luke.
Usually, something went wrong with the delivery.
A Trumpet.
Because it's unbelievable. 
Bye bye bipolar polar bear
An amber alert was issued
Keep off the grass.
The swallow
They have to take ACE inhibitors.
Duck!!!
Because there's no karma involved.
There, Their, They're
They were Stalin for time.
I don't know, but certainly not Z.
Because he didn't have the guts to fart.
Sinko De Mayo.
He had a reptile dysfunction!
I was in in the public restroom  I was barely sitting down when I heard a voice in the other stall:  "Hi, how are you?"  Me: (embarrassed) "Doin' fine!"  Stall: "So what are you up to?"  Me: "Uhhh, I'm like you, just sitting here."  Stall: "Can I come over?"  Me: (attitude) "No, I'm a little busy right now!!"  Stall: "Listen, I'll have to call you back. There's an idiot in the other stall who keeps answering all my questions! :D :D
They have a built in suicide switch.
Hodor? 
It was a cantaloupe.
Moi?
An ambulance
I don't know..can you guys tell me?
He was trying to hold the door
Rohypnol
"Hodor! Hodor!" 
It wanted to get off its ash. 
An Instagram account.
Modern society
To get to the Shell station.
The baconator
A spaniel.
The FBI hasn't announced her indictment yet, but hopefully it will lead to at least one
No? It doesn't ring a bell?
Having to sit in the back of the oven.
Cause all they know to do is steal, run, and shoot
The age
Because they're both roasted
Because it is a contact sport!
Poky mon. Gotta catch em all.
To control Hispanic attacks
A pool table
They become Mu-fat
No-trump!
Cousins
So they can look like their mothers.
Because the dog let the cat out of the bag! Haha!
Because it was delivered via Ceasarion section
After a few hours the Taco stops repeating on you...
I don't jam after drinking a gallon of nut butter.
You're hired
A: A Catholic wife has real orgasms and fake jewelry.
Nothing.
Cheap cheap cheap
He couldn't keep his face straight. ;)
If you got your balls kicked around, I think you would be green too.
I hear he's still reeling. 
Will you raise me?
Minecraft 2.0
There's already handicapped stalls.
A "Build your own Jesus" kit.
If you were forced to have it as a kid, you are NOT going to like it as an adult. 
"Don't be gentile."
None, it's perfectly happy being broken, it's the fitting that has to change.
I'v never paid $20 to have a garbanzo bean on my face
42.
I am trying to remember it but I can't. It was something about a taxi driver and he didn't speak the language, and the kick was" tell your boss to fix the loose but behind the wheel".  If you remember can you please post it for me here?
Every time you say to him "I'm horny" he always replies "Hi, horny, I'm dad".
Because the grass tickles there balls
Both mature in a cellar.
All their luggage is carrion.
Because they're both in bread
He lost his pride in a bet
Suh Dude
It's OK. He's all right now.
He who smelt it, dealt it.
This might really stupid and wierd but I have never heard of someone who has had Aids and Cancer. First of all the level of unlucky would be really high. Secondly a thought came to my mind what if aids was the cure for cancer and vice versa ? I mean if we follow a logical and mathetical based theory it could be completly and indisputably correct. In math "-" + "-"= +. Therefore, Aids (-) + Cancer (-) should equal to something positive.
Neither did he. 
The Antelopes.
Because nobody there is much of a drinker.
Trap 
Soviet
He's weeping the nation.

A signtist!
You have to sit at the back seat of the oven.
Because he was a little shellfish.
A couple of seconds.
17, 1 to hold the lightbulb, 1 to hold the ladder and the other 15 to drink whiskey until the roof spins
Because we killed the only one who had a dream.
Dank
Air to the bone
Because no one on earth wants to buy it.
The fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out of it.
Tulips on your organ
The Zika virus.
 Because he was hung like this
Èamon
Fold it in half. ʅ(◔౪◔ ) ʃ
Mourning Sex. 
We better get some support soon or people will think we're nuts
Me.
Isaac Newton died a virgin.
So they would end up with seasoned veterans.
To the foobar.
Pussy only tastes like piss in the beginning.
US Army Drone
No?  Well, that's okay.  It had a shitty punch line.
So he could cut down to only two butts a day.
Syphilis
Earotic
Nobody knows!
A husband and wife were golfing when suddenly the wife asked, "Honey, if I died would you get married again?"   The husband said, "No sweetie."  The woman said, "I'm sure you would."  So the man said, "Okay, I would"  Then the woman asked, "Would you let her sleep in our bed?"  And the man replied, "Ya, I guess so."  Then the wife asked, "Would you let her use my golf clubs?"   And the husband replied, "No, she's left handed."
It's a charming story.
Take me to your litter. 
"Well... If it's any constellation..."
He felt dinosore.
One's made with whole fruit.
Not Egyptian Air
The pilot who jumped out with a parachute.
Wall-E
I suppose it's pastable.
High Street, of course.
10% off, 20% off, 30% off
Because it'll keep you up Pasta you bedtime. 
...because the heart attack got him first.
Tell him the lightbulb is his mother.
One is a Goodyear and one is a great year
He went from being a Fuse musician to a Muse physician! 
He's only got little legs
Because its life is a joke.
A philosophy major
Hey man urine
If God were a woman, she would have made semen taste like chocolate! 
Because I hear that in space there is no ice-cream.
Because it had a bad driver.
Jesus in a submarine.
Saturday and Sunday, because the rest are weak days.
Dude, how the hell do you breathe through that thing?!?
Pom
The trombone
A farmer
It's on the front page 
One of them is a flimsy thing that refuses to stand up on it's own. The other is a medical condition.
A construction site
With an ithberg.
Neither did she 
Because my life is a joke. Dont worry Im not scuicidal
A Chibok school girl 
You unplug it!
You've Got a Friend in Me
I guess I'll give it a shot
Cha-Ching
I regret nutting!!!
Republicans have them thrown out.
Two men are washed away on an island after their plane has crashed. After a few days of surviving on this island, they encounter a native tribe. The island is the home of this tribe, and they do not like trespassers or intruders so they take the two men back to see the chief.  The two men are brought to the leader and in front of the entrie tribe the leaders states "you have only two options to get off of this island, you can choose death, or your can choose Ugabuga." So the chief turns to the first man and asks him which one would he like. The first man says "well fuck, I don't want to die, I want to see my family and kids again, so I choose Ugabuga." The leader proceeds to take off the mans pants, bend him over, spread his cheeks and each tribe member takes their turn fucking him in the ass. This leaves the man almost dead and barely alive. He can barely talk, move, or keep his eyes open.  The leader then turns to the second man and he asks him "Death or Ugabuga?" The second man states  "fuck that, I would rather die then get fucked in the ass by 30 guys, I'll choose death!" The leader then says "Okay the decision has been made, it will be death for the second man, death... death by Ugabuga!!!"
I don't like eating cereal every morning
Because I wanna slam you on my desk and do you all night. 
None, it's already lit.
A Freudian Sleep.
A comedium.
Everything is fine as long as they are white, it is when they turn black it starts to be a problem.
Because it's not a republic without a notary public.
The elf-abet.
An extra-cholesterol. ...I'm so sorry.
neither has he
A steak through their heart.
If you leave a pot of yogurt alone for 200 years it develops a culture.
Becuase they're working in the mine.
Because he needed a stool sample.
Throw her a bread loaf and her natural instinct will take over resulting in her making you a sandwich
A bartender 
You eat the mars bars.
Because they are feeling the Bern.
​They both make up everything!
Because the sheep have gotten used to the sound of zippers
Jesus!
Everywhere
A bread-stick-em-up!
Because seven is black.
To get to the other side.  
Nacho problem.
You would run away too if your name was MUWWAAAUY
Sweet Ohm Alabama. 
Gsus
A mariguana.
One's a Fe-Male, and the other's a woman in a power suit.
They both like to crack open a cold one
CumDrop Buttons
Pray-list.
Their personality.
Clinton, Hillary Clinton.
I've never...   META ... group of people so obsessed with puns before..      Fine, I'll leave :(:(
Buck-teeth!
Original content. When do we want it? Now.
They both like a tight seal
The airplane.
She has a hispanic attack
The welfare line.
Hyruleglyphics.
Ash
Automatic Neuer
A sudden surge of seamen.
When your wife's clothes start to fit her.
He dumped his girlfriend.
A weapon of mass disruption!
A white bodybuilder has 6 packs whereas a black bodybuilder has 2 pac
Donald Trump & Hillary Clinton
They were graduated
Aye E, I owe you...
You planet! (It won't turn out well though because it has no atmosphere.)
One is a super hero and the other is a simple command. 
Gang, 'Nam Style.
IT'S FUCKING FROZEN﻿
The Deviated Septon.
"You herd me!"
A baby stapled to ten trees.
Cantilever? (can't I leave her) 
snowballs
Abort - Bort - Bort!
You know he did it.
A Manila Folder.
Pizza's don't scream when you put them in the oven.
They'll never work.
Your mom didn't give me a corvette
Do you have 10 minutes ?
They don't play the beta.
Tripod, because they have an extra leg..
So your asshole don't slam shut.
They don't know where home is. 
Holy shit.
Def Leppard
Because there's a vas deference.
Faint music.
Sure was a turnip for the books
Snowballs.
Have a dog fight.
Defiled.
His wife and kids.
Because they are always streaming in!
Leave the plunger in the toilet! 
They were in a   relationship!
A minor
Semtex. 
Porsche-tchesire sauce 
He's out standing in his field
Just one, but it takes him 20 episodes.
The hell out of there.
Organic Vegetables.
Because he's married.
Low flying airplane noises. When do we want them? Edit: I just caught up to the news. Man. I can't help but chuckle (and shake my head at the same time) at the inappropriateness and  . That was obviously a terrible coincidence. Just wow.
A Fsh
Untie the rope...
Dick knows.
Vote for Bernie in a primary. 
They both have been destroyed by a black man.
Nothing, he's happy and content with life.
From the pepper spray.
Beef stroganoff 
Because I've been seeing people behind your back.
anonymoose.
No. -How
Dung!  (stolen from Eric Idle of Monty Python fame)
A swallow
Tobias.
.
A wooden slipper
15 to life
"I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I cannot do that"
To get to the other side.
Whats Orange and sounds like a Parrot? A Carrot!
They both went up in flames.
Because german soldiers like to march in the shade
"Honey, could you pass me the remote?" Bet you didn't see THAT coming!
A Dutchman and a Scotsman fighting over a penny.
Qweerty
Their celery! 
The man asked "Why did you attack me?" The bush replied "I am bush."
Not caring about spelling and chocolate milf
The Breakfast Club.
A frog in the blender
You can get the fuck out.
Tell them it can probably wait 'til tomorrow.
I don't use a feminist to kill myself when talking to a gun.
Life.
Satisfied
You weed out the rest
Let that sink in...
Jews only have ten fingers.
Wheres pop corn?
insurance scam 
Because he comes in a box.
Righteous. 
Neighour
xD
Your mom can't take a joke.
Because he had good genes.
Mr. Jokes doesn't get mistaken for my dick.
"I farted...want a spoon?" "Why?" "SO YOU CAN EAT MY ASS!"
Dr. Dre
the wall behind him
D minor!
A Ranged Marriage 
Because all proper tea is theft.
A: Because she was a woman.
Because they ARRRRRRR retarded 
They both get busted up when I run over the gay 
My girlfriend doesn't laugh at my jokes. 
Neapolitan.
Alone
A fish
Lincoln. He was in a cent.
With a funeral.
to go to a better place.
Every time she gets to 69 she has a frog in her throat.
Scisr.
Wait, you really don't know? A pilot, you racist asshole!
It never gets old.
Because they're too stupid to learn how to make them.
Hot, because you can catch a cold.
If they had four doors they would be chicken sedans.
Trump: "Well, he's like me in a lot of ways.  He has to clear a bar that people think he can't go beyond,  he stays up in the poles, and no matter if he does good or bad he always lands on his back on a cushy bed.  He's wonderful.  Or I should say, "Juan-derful." I really should." 
Algorithm.
It varies from person to person.
Chicken sees a salad 
One sec, cunt.
It doesn't matter, it can't hear you anyway.
Carefully!
Because he had too many shots.
Cause he's a dog.
Did you hear about the comedian who was arrested for domestic violence? He was a real niece slapper.
Because she was seeing somebody on the side.   
Crossfit
Names!
The heroin gets abused.
Let’s go play on our bikes.
Because they were fighting Juan on Juan.
Brown chicken brown cow!  
Neither have I.
Because he doesn't want to hire illegal immigrants.
A dead centipede. 
By adding some beets
I don't have a watermelon in my garage.
Iran.
Ping Lo.
Bleach.
Michael Phelps can finish a race.
Nobody did, because he died drowning in his TeePee.
Both's greatest hit was The Wall
A white horse fell in the mud
Because they can't carry themselves
Come on, this is reddit. What's your nickname? 
A woman will buy something on sale even if she doesn't need it. A man will buy something he needs at full price. Then, what is the difference between a black woman and a black man? The black woman will steal something she doesn't need. The black man goes to jail because you can't hide diapers under a shirt.
I'd say he's fairly incapa .
Kick his sister in the teeth.
Natalie Wood.
Two. One to get up on his high horse and another to chastise the first about oppressing horses.
This joke sucks.
I don't recommend it, it's quite time consuming.
Ask him to go to a football game. If he can't go, because he's busy sucking his boyfriend's dick, he might be gay.
Wife: Shall We Try Different Position Tonight? Husband: “Excellent idea!” Wife: OK YOU Stand at Sink and Wash Dishes AND  I Will Lie On Sofa And Watch TV..;-p
Go stand in front of a mirror
Idk, but they sure are hot.
You slap an Ethiopian in the face.  
Whoremonal. 
A hole in Juan
God Is-real!!!!!!!!!
Vegeta-bles
Because it's too hard...
They can't afford to pay respects.
It did a great job of breaking the fourth wall.
A wind tunnel.
Existence is futile. 
A cancelled Czech.  
They keep falling through his hands.
So they can both watch the hockey game!
A personal space man
There was a little boy who lived in a far away land. Close to the boy's home, there was a tall mountain, always covered in snow at the top. Also at the top of the mountain, there was an ancient monastery where ancient monks lived. Sometimes, the little boy, as he was riding his tricycle around his yard, would look up at the monastery on the tall mountain and wonder what it was like up there.  One day, when the wind was blowing down off the mountain, the air turned quite cold and the little boy could hear a very strange noise on the wind. It was coming from the monastery! He could not figure out what could possibly be making such a strange noise and he was curious. So, the little boy made a peanut butter sandwich, hopped on his tricycle and started his ride up to the monastery. It took him hours and hours, but he finally made it to the top. He bravely pounded on the massive door to the monastery and the head monk opened the door. "Hello, Mr. Monk, sir. Down at my home in the valley below, I heard a very strange noise coming from your monastery. Could you tell me what it is?" "I'm sorry," replied the head monk, "I can't tell you. You aren't a monk." Sadly, the little boy got back on his tricycle and rode all the way home, in a very foul and frustrated mood. He really did want to know what was making that noise. The wind did not blow down off the mountain again until a couple years later. The boy was a bit bigger and stronger now and now rode around town on his bicycle. As luck would have it, he was out riding when the wind blew down off the mountain, the air turned quite cold, and he heard a very strange noise on the wind. It was coming from the monastery! He could not figure out what could possibly be making such a strange noise and he was curious. So, the bigger boy made a ham and cheese sandwich, hopped on his bicycle and started his ride up to the monastery. It took him hours, but he finally made it to the top. He pounded on the massive door to the monastery and the head monk opened the door. "Hey, Mr. Monk. Down at my home in the valley below, I heard a very strange noise coming from your monastery. Could you tell me what it is?" "I'm sorry," replied the head monk, "I can't tell you. You aren't a monk." Sadly, the big boy got back on his bicycle and rode all the way home, in a very foul and frustrated mood. He really did want to know what was making that noise. The wind did not blow down off the mountain again until a couple years later. The boy had grown into a strapping youth now and rode around town on his motorcycle. As luck would have it, he was out riding when the wind blew down off the mountain, the air turned quite cold, and he heard a very strange noise on the wind. It was coming from the monastery! He could not figure out what could possibly be making such a strange noise and he was curious. So, the strapping youth grabbed a slice of pizza, hopped on his motorcycle and started his ride up to the monastery. It took him 30 minutes, but he finally made it to the top. He pounded on the massive door to the monastery and the head monk opened the door. "Yo, Mr. Monk, dude. Down at my home in the valley below, I heard a very strange noise coming from your monastery. Could you tell me what it is?" "I'm sorry," replied the head monk, "I can't tell you. You aren't a monk." Sadly, the strapping youth got back on his motorcycle and rode all the way home, in a very foul and frustrated mood. He really did want to know what was making that noise. The wind did not blow down off the mountain again until a couple years later. The boy was now a young man and often rode around in his new convertible sportscar. As luck would have it, he was out riding when the wind blew down off the mountain, the air turned quite cold, and he heard a very strange noise on the wind. It was coming from the monastery! He could not figure out what could possibly be making such a strange noise and he was curious. So, the young man bought a burger at a fast food place, got in his convertible sportscar, and started his ride up to the monastery. It took him 20 minutes, but he finally made it to the top. He pounded on the massive door to the monastery and the head monk opened the door. "Mr. Monk. Down at my home in the valley below, I heard a very strange noise coming from your monastery. Could you tell me what it is?" "I'm sorry," replied the head monk, "I can't tell you. You aren't a monk." Sadly, the young man got back in his convertible sportscar and rode all the way home, in a very foul and frustrated mood. He really did want to know what was making that noise. That night, he thought and thought about the very strange noise and how he just had to know what caused it. So, he resolved to do something about it the next day. The next day, he got in his convertible sportscar and raced up the mountain, slammed on his brakes, and skidded to a stop right in front of the massive door to the monastery. He honked the horn of his convertible sportscar until the head monk finally opened the door. "Alright, Mr. Monk, I want to know what is making that very strange noise coming from you monastery!" "I'm sorry," replied the head monk, "I can't tell you. You aren't a monk." "Well, then can I become a monk?" "Why certainly! It is quite easy. You must travel the earth and count the number of blades of grass in every field and the number of grains of sand on every beach. When you return with your answer, then you shall be a monk." So the young man left the monastery and travelled the earth. For years and years he counted the blades of grass and grains of sand, until one day he had finally finished. He made his way slowly back to the monastery and found the head monk. "Oh, Mr. Monk, I have travelled the earth these past years, counting the blades of grass and grains of sand. I finally know that there are 123,123,123,123,123 blades of grass in the fields and 123,123,123,123,123 grains of sand on the beaches and I would like to become a monk."  So the man became a monk. At last, he would now be able to find out the source of that very strange noise coming from the monastery. "Mr. Monk, what is the noise coming from the monastery?" asked the new monk. The head monk replied, "The source is too complicated to describe in words. I am afraid that you must see it for yourself to truly understand it. This key will show you the answer you seek." "Take this key to the deepest, darkest corner of the coldest, dampest room in the dirtiest, filthiest cavern under the monastery. There you will find a long corridor. At the end of the corridor is a door and through the door is the thing that makes the noise." Well, of course the new monk went immediately to the deepest, darkest corner of the coldest, dampest room in the dirtiest, filthiest cavern under the monastery and there he did indeed find the long corridor. He walked down the corridor until he could see the door at the end.  Unfortunately, there were three magical fires that never go out blocking the man from the door. He decided to jump the fires to reach the door. The man made sure the key was secure in his hand, took a running charge at the first fire and leapt! Over the first fire he flew, but he dropped the key. The man leapt back over the fire, ran all the way back down the long corridor, out of the deepest, darkest corner of the coldest, dampest room in the dirtiest, filthiest cavern under the monastery and back to the head monk. "Oh, Mr. Monk! I am so sorry! I went to the deepest, darkest corner of the coldest, dampest room in the dirtiest, filthiest cavern under the monastery, down the long corridor to the door, but there were magical fires and I dropped the key in the first one as I leapt over it." "Do not worry, for there is another key and you must overcome tests on your way to enlightenment. The second key, however is far, far away in Canada." The new monk left the monastery and travelled to Canada. It took many years because he had no money, being a monk and all. Eventually, he arrived in Canada and managed to track down the key to the door. The monk then had to make the return journey equally as painstakingly, but finally he arrived back at the monastery. Down into the deepest, darkest corner of the coldest, dampest room in the dirtiest, filthiest cavern under the monastery he went, until he found the long corridor.  The three magical fires were in front of him as he took a running start. Over the first fire went the monk, key still in hand! Over the second fire went the monk, key still- RATS! He had dropped the key in the second fire. The monk leapt back over the second fire, back over the first fire, back down the long corridor he walked and out of the deepest, darkest corner of the coldest, dampest room in the dirtiest, filthiest cavern under the monastery. The monk went back to the head monk. "Oh, Mr. Monk! I am so sorry! I went to the deepest, darkest corner of the coldest, dampest room in the dirtiest, filthiest cavern under the monastery, down the long corridor to the door, but there were magical fires and I dropped the key in the second one as I leapt over it." "Do not worry, for there is one more key and we must all overcome tests on our way to enlightenment. The third key, however is far, far away in Australia." The monk left the monastery and travelled to Australia. It took many years because he had no money being a monk and all. Eventually he arrived in Australia and managed to track down the key to the door. The monk then had to make the return journey equally as painstakingly, but finally he arrived back at the monastery. By this time, he was quite an old monk. Down into the deepest, darkest corner of the coldest, dampest room in the dirtiest, filthiest cavern under the monastery he went, until he found the long corridor. The three magical fires were in front of him as he took a running start. Over the first fire went the quite old monk, key still in hand! Over the second fire went the quite old monk, key still in hand!  Over the THIRD fire went the quite old monk, key still in hand! He had made it! He'd made the jumps and here he was standing outside the door with the answer to his question. Finally, finally, after so many, many, many years of wanting to know what was making the strange noise, he would know. The answer lay through the door in front of him and he could at last be at peace with himself. Slowly, the quite old monk slid the key into the lock. Turning the key a slight 'click' was to be heard as the lock moved back allowing the quite old monk to open the door. He pushed the door open and stepped inside.  Shock and amazement came over him as he finally realized the answer to his question! So, Reader, do you me to tell you what is was? I'm sorry, I can't tell you. You aren't a monk.
Squirrels; they're the best at getting nuts out of their shells. 
Grandson: for the thousandth time grandad, it's Alzheimer 
None, it's already lit hahaha asuhhhh dude
Your products are fruity.
...It's butter this way
They'll stare at your shoes instead of theirs.
Because they are greatly satisfied by seeing Tucans.
Lady: I forgot the name, but is starts with 'T'. Sardar: Oh, what a strange car, starts with Tea. All cars that I know start with petrol.
Meinkraft.
a porcupine
Not z!
cos' sin tans
Because is a raeli good country
BITCH:  1 : The female of the dog or some other carnivorous mammals.  2A: A lewd or immoral woman  2B: A malicious, spiteful, or overbearing woman 
Walnuts. What do you call nuts on your chest? Chestnuts. What do you call nuts on your chin? A dick in your mouth.
Great lox
Trump-ets I'll see myself out
You can only fit one dick in a condom.
1000 One to change it and 999 to walk into the same room and change the same light bulb without checking to see if it needed changing first.
Jalapeno business 
There's no dental records and all the DNA matches
A paragraph, because he is not a full essay.
It wouldn't stand up in court
She thought it was a little drafty.
In a Mau5oleum!
The flag is a big plus.
With a steak to the heart.
Yeah, he came out of the cupbard.
Liquor in the front, poker in the back. 
To get to the other side, but he was very spiritually uncertain add he did so. 
He killed Hitler.
They wipe, flush, and wash their hands
Leave the plunger in the toilet
The Admiral Snackbar.
Because he did Nazi it coming.
Negrophelia.
Omelette
A crumb dumpster
Crimea river
Woof.
Because it involves shooting, stealing and running.
You get to meet new people everyday!
Ohmmmm, Ohmmmm
A good start.
Cum on her feet and let the flies to the rest.
Nothing. You already told her.
his dick tastes like shit
You hit them right between the thighs
Sexual cervixes.
Laughing stock.  What do you call a grumpy cow? A Feminist
Fish and ships. 
Because they're always pussyfooting! 
They have to sit at the back of the oven.
Darth-tagnan 
It's bill fits more than its belly can
What you see is what's left
So they could Starmie.
They found her head and shoulders in the glove compartment. 
He did NAZI it coming
I don't know, I've never tri
Vaseline.
Racism has many faces.
100 to Drink... 10 to Beat... or 0 to Eat.
So they can pikachu 
Ground beef! What do you call a cow with 3 legs? Lean beef!! What do you call a cow with two legs? YOUR MUM!!
Nothing, you've already told her twice...
An argument
none of it.
Dick in a box.
Someone who sprays graffiti on chain link fences.
He didn't run, ewok-ed.
Because their knee grows.
The Blacks get car insurance.
None because no juan will be left to change it
Avril Labean
Well it's very time consuming.
: How do you put an elephant in a safeway bag? : I don't know, how? : Take the S away from "safe" and the F out of "way." : But there's no F in way. :
None.
Paint one of them black; the others will move away.
Not being disabled. 
About 500 calories.
What did the bra say to the hat? You go on ahead and I'll give these two a lift.
The taste.
He was charged for murder within tents.
High
A hobosexual.
A golfer goes "Whack, crap!", and a skydiver goes " Crap, whack!".
Fawaffle!
One is a snack cracker and the other a crack snacker. 
He spent his Junior year a broad. 
They all seem to get a bit weird around showers.
Wastewater Bill- because he only comes once a month!
Guess.
Beer nuts are $1.50, deer nuts are under a buck. 
The BMW I8.
Because if they were smart, they'd be theists!
Kurt and Rod
It was really ruff on his family
Because he'd developed an anxiety disorder from reading reposted jokes on Reddit.
They're plane to sea
"I find your lack of Faith disturbing."
Ares.
Paragraph. Because he's not even a full ese. 
I would care if I lost 6 million dollars
He had locomotives.
Trans fats.
Shocking!
Me: My greatest weakness? I'm a bad listener.
There is no afterlife. 
a failure!
Well I'm not just going to tell you. You need to figure it out yourself. 
They both know how to use an oven.
None. TSA agents only know how to remove clothes; putting them on is different matter completely.
Row row row your boat Over to Key West Scarily scarily scarily scarily Avoid the INS
Egypt 8 - Ethiopia didn't....
In the spaghetto
He gets taller
GOUDA!
Because he's got little legs
Raisin Bran
I get to watch him die twice.
You put a little boogie in it.
An elephant
With little Knotsies!
None, it's already lit fam
So you can floss after you eat. Alt ending:  So the crabs can bungee jump.
They always find its an anticlimax. 
Because he fell down a stairs and his dad definitely didn't break his legs.
They were really Chewie!
A vampire
Can I push in your stool?
They always go to the hanger.
About six and a half books.
Seize their memes of production.
I've been framed.
One, but the lightbulb has to WANT to change.
Thay can smell the goods, but they can't taste them.
None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.
Reddit
A bowl of surreal.
To get to an other site, before it gets more than 3 hits and becomes. 'mainstream'
Encyclopedophile
To say Hello from the other side.
Because they're both cauldron
Tulips on your organ.
A. Blew. 
Papagei
A: To get to the other Ride
Q: What size of sweaters do seagulls like? A: Egg-stra Barge
Because there was no more sidewalk.
Absolutely nothing.
Because it's the little things that count.
Blow a little boogie into it!
Offshore investment gains a better return. 
You pour some gasoline on it, light it on fire and it will go 
Metamucil
Just stop going to plays!
a bus shelter
At the Bo Buffet
You can tuna piano, but you can't piano tuna.
The Pew Pew Research Center
Beat it. We're closed
He takes 2 Ds at the same time
A cairopractor.
She lost her mammaries
A: Lonely
It was a buccaneer.
Are you surebert?
Probably not because I'm a guy, but the mystery is still there..
Jewjitsu
Because he wanted to...  "Get along little doggy" 
He's got a gangsta's pair a dice.
He was always Stalin in his manual!
Penis. I mean, 1.
Air is free
Nun.
"Don't worry I won't Bide'n"
I guess they'll issue a... Maya culpa. 
He felt like everyone was just laughing at him. 
A swannanbe.
You can unscrew a lightbulb.
He ate the food before it was cool...
Jewjitsu
Six girls ;)
... I pull out of my driveway
He stays up all night wondering if there is a dog.
Aim to the sky, maybe you'll shoot a plane.
Iran
Because he was always spotted.
Christian Bale.
Because if it had 4 doors it'd be called a chicken sedan.  (better if saying it out loud because of the spelling of coop/coupe) ;-;
A Chu Chu train
Stink.  
Urine for a treat. 
Its colon was showing
Pillow fight
They get embarrassed.
It doesn't like Cats.
You can afford four fjord forders' fords.
With Easter Eggs!
A palm tree
Infidel Castro
Its one direction of course.
Because he can go through walls.
Muzzle 'em
Linoleum Blownapart
Ramsay Bolton.
Ben Dover and Phil Mcavity!
I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
He didn't give a sh...
My Head.
she fell off the tree.

Most girls don't want them. BAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM! Some OC right hur!
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ate one.
One has to shuck in between fits... the other has to fuck in between shits.
After 200 years, the Yoghurt develops a culture.
To make them happy before they die.
A dandelion.
"You are fine, how am I?"
A prostitute because she can wash and resell her crack. 
They didn't want their rooms covered with seamen.
A mosquito will stop sucking after you slap it
Because it's re-fined!
Hangman and lacrosse 
A: To sing, "Hello from the other side!" 
A seafenenemi. **slaps knee
Homie alone 
By tying a knot on its tail.
he lost his huile d'olive
He slipped
Highlarious
A parachute.
The right to remain silent. 
a dupe.
Because you don't put the "D" in the big ones.
Because he who did the rhyme did the crime
It was worth a shot.
Because he refused to rent someone a copy of the Pixar flick "Up".
They go swimming in Laotian
Shucks
Because he couldn't handle a few shots
Who would stoop that low?
He was hoisted by his own sitar.
Because they're not made in ovens.
He was a condescending con, descending. 
He was going through mid life crisis.
They've reported him as a small medium at large.
You'rrre fired!
An argument.
They sue Kabul Yacht.
Because it's Syria's business.
Why do people never eat clocks?  Because it’s really time consuming.
Cantaloupe
Because Bill Gates has a 3.5 inch floppy
Bro sure!
One part Seagrams gin, one part cotton gin.
He liked his rhinos sunny side up. 
The other student replied "sorry I walk to school, I don't know much about car pools"
Because happy people usually leave cults.
No strings attached.
Because they're really good at it.
Avocado. 
Because they think men care.
It was stapled to the chicken.
If your kid has down syndrome.
A. Because everyone keep recycling the same jokes
A bi-polar bear. 
A memeoir.
The Inter-Quartile Range (a.k.a. the IQRrrrrgh!)
Neither have they.
A BMW i8
A submarine, you dirty fuck.
Most complex life forms are a tube within a tube, and the internet is more like a series of tubes.
1FORREST1
Thats the spirit.
Three pirates 
A Woman 
When you are hitting it from the back and go for the reach around, it feels like it went all the way through
"Haha I know this one: Christopher Walken!" No, Christopher alive.
A snailor
apache
B: The seed of doubt. A: Dude, that's the worst joke I've ever heard! A: Or is it the best???
An Extramolestrial 
Just another reason to moan really.
Little Ceasars
I hold mine by the ears.
The 4Skins 
He comes once a year!   :-) 
Orange Is The New Black. 
It turned into a field
Both are fun to ride but you'd never want your friend to catch you on one. 
It takes one nail to hang a picture. 
None!
We don't talk about it...
Christian Bail Credit goes to my friendly local pizza guy
Tulips on my organ  My dad told me this joke when I was 5, I finally understood it 19 years later. Hope it doesn't take you that long
Drill drill drill.
At KFC, you can only get breasts, legs, and thighs.
There's twenty of them. 
A so-be-it union. 
HEIL FUCKING HITLER
Whats up M8?
Man, I'd kill 5 million Jews for some soap right about now. 
Hebrew. 
because there's no Americans sitting in them.
Fried cache-ews.
Post-us
It's called Trycoxagin.
What's the difference between a snowwoman and a snowman?  Snowballs.
Matt matches Matt's mattress matricide Happy mothers day reddit
Duck.
Holy Shit
Kurt n Rod.
Santa goes   the chimney.
With a small loan of a million dollars
Nunja.
irate.
He's still there when you get home. What's he say when you tell him to leave? "Na, 'ma stay"
Lawn mooers! My 12 year old sister made this up... She out dad joked me..and I'm a dad!
Hold all and howdoor
No because it hasn't come out yet. Huehuehuehuehue
They didn't like the public displays of abstraction.
Because I've never been inside you and probably never will unless I'm rich one day.
One is used to remove the polish, and the other is used to remove the Polish.
Ear bud
Because it's bread. 
None. People who glow in the dark don't need lightbulbs.
Attire
Because the Rabbis got to choose first. 
Because a Rolling Stone gathers no Moss.
Whodyanik Abolokof
Lots of bad pickup lines. 
A Christler.
A conundrum.
Because he likes assault to much
Bad for moral Cutting in line Organizing hunger strikes
Nothing 
Hate male.
You lose interest once you make a withdrawal
12  One to screw it in,  one to excoriate men for creating the need for illumination,  one to blame men for inventing such a faulty means of illumination,  one to suggest the whole "screwing" bit to be too "rape-like",  one to deconstruct the lightbulb itself as being phallic,  one to blame men for not changing the bulb,  one to blame men for trying to change the bulb instead of letting a woman do it,  one to blame men for creating a society that discourages women from changing light bulbs,  one to blame men for creating a society where women change too many light bulbs,  one to advocate that lightbulb changers should have wage parity with electricians,  one to alert the media that women are now "out-lightbulbing" men and one to just sit there taking pictures for her blog for photo-evidence that men are unnecessary.
Joke was supposed to be this: Why do you need to take notes during church? because the peoples of noah's day, "took no note".
During a game of charades
Tulips on your organ.
STUDENT: Sir, can I ask a question? TEACHER: Yes! STUDENT: How do you put an elephant inside a fridge? TEACHER: I don't know. STUDENT: It's easy, you just open the fridge and put it in. I have another question! TEACHER: Ok, ask. STUDENT: How to put a donkey inside the fridge? TEACHER: It's easy, you just open the fridge and put it in. STUDENT: No sir, You just open the fridge take out the elephant and put it in. TEACHER: Ooh...ok!! STUDENT: Let me ask another one. If all the animals went to the lion's birthday party, and one animal went missing which one would it be? TEACHER: The lion of course! Because it wud eat all the animals. STUDENT: No sir, it is the donkey becoz it's still inside the fridge. TEACHER: Are you kidding me? STUDENT: No sir, 1 last question. TEACHER: Ok! STUDENT: If there's a river full of crocodiles and you wanted to cross, how would you? TEACHER: There's no way, I would need a boat to cross. STUDENT: No sir, you just swim and cross it because all the animals went to the lion's birthday party.
A gummy bear 
Hey, Watch This!
Because seven was a six offender 
She sucks, blows, and gets laid in the closet. Not to mention she also gets turned on by your dad
if so, how do I know it's real ?
The unemployment line.
He was a square. 
For tree-son. Ha-ha. Ha. 
Because they're DEAD!
Denim, denim, denim.
They were fired..
Society.
Because the grass tickles their balls.
It wasn't mainstream.
They are ugly and they smell bad.
Because of the Hyperinflation.
6 1/2 books...
"Son, if at first you don't succeed, Try Hard.  If that doesn't work, Try Hard 2.  If that still doesn't work, Try Hard with a Vengeance.  Remember, you can't pick between the choice to Live Free or Try Hard.  They go together.  Everyday's A Good Day to Try Hard."
They always punch up the fuckline.
No one intentionally steps on bird shit.
Stegosoreass.
Screw it. EDIT:   has a better answer lol 
Names 
He's never Reddit.
A Sandy Hook survivor.
They never survive the 1000ft fall to earth.  (Thanks Drawn Together) 
About 45 degrees
Because upvotes are to the left
A refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull your meat out.
You add 24 carrots.
Lighting fires.
10 was in the middle of 9/11
Don Rickles is dead.
By having people believe that you've won an election.
You were adopted. Best told to siblings :D
They make rotten friends
Why does she need a watch? There is a clock on the oven!
Female because she won't let you finish a sentence before making a suggestion
Chevalry
He didn't, he was distributed evenly on both sides. Bernie supporters, please don't downvote me to hell, it's just a joke
A fruit rollup
Cancer.
Their wheelchair floats to the top.
Because it's high in fiber! haha, I'll show myself out...
Ginger-bred
Dr. Dre......
All the conservatives are out working.
Cause fuck you you toxic, wood piece of shit!
Because it doesn't rain in the kitchen.
Cut the rope.
Ash. 
Because they are planted in the spring!
You make a private phone call to anyone else, and submit your application.
Because the last black person who had a dream got shot.
to the L'Hospital...
The more you play with it, the harder it gets
A rip-off.
He killed all 140 characters.
a wet melon.
A woman with the morals of a man
Walmart, they're the world's biggest retailer. Thank you.  I'll be here all week.
About 8000
trainner: No Me: Thank you for the answer. that is just what i need. trainner: Did you get my point? 1 question per person only. Me: I want to prove a point that you are a jerk and never truely want to help us. And you just gave the answer.
DOOOOUUUUCCCCHHHEEEEEE!
May I have Eurasian plate?
Because their balls would show. 
For hispanic attacks Edit: Happy Cinco de Mayo
Shannon died in a car accident.
Usain Bolt
I throw mine away. -Dean Martin
Don't pay her.
The one with the smallest mew.
A bad person
In both cases it is strongly advisable to not look down
Life support system for pussy.
What is the hardest part of rollerblading? Telling your parents that you are gay. (I'm a terrible person.)
"Dude, I don't think it worked."
They're short 2 towers.
A flat major.
Kermit the Frog's fingers.
Food for thought
Cuz he's Biden his time.
She doesn't want to feel the Bern
Bed
They couldn't close his coffin.
Olive Oyle!
They both feel good until you look down and realize you're gay. TAKE THAT CROC LOBBY #againstbigcroc  I understand if I get downvoted. 
A commentator 
"Sink-o de Mayo"
They don't, they just shoot the room for being black.  I guess you could say that was dark humor? ;) 
Arrr make tea
Wow, I didn't know you could yodel!
In the end they both get burned...
The wheelchair
Put the gun down!
Your only warning.
He got his gas bill in the mail.
He heard the film had dogfighting scenes
A motor.
Kick his sister in the jaw.
They Both Shall Rise Again!
Slow swimmers.
With two bullets.
Neither one knows how to whistle!
You can't gargle with the sand.
Nunavut.
The captains log.
Fucking close to water
Movers and Achers  
It's a great thing ruined by a period. 
To show his friends he had guts. And boy, did he have guts.
Java the Hutt
I'll lay down and you can blow the hell out of me!
​They're angry since Froogle was discontinued years ago!
There's a good chance you'll get hearing AIDS
The knife has a point
Because he was in-tents
He never learned to mix the colors
She has experience chained to heaps of fatty rolls.
About a day.
Because for most of his life, he's Ben Solo.
He's Force fed
They pulled out too late.
Depends
They both waited too long to pull out.
Circumference. Because he ate too much pi.
7 was a registered 6 offender
Alone.
He became enlightened.
Nothin. She's already been told twice. 
It smelled 'fishy.'
The lips are moving
Cause not now
No problem! He'll just make Mexico pay for it!
Because he saw the mess that snails left behind!
A Ted Bruz
I have 2020 vision
Michael Phelps can actually finish off a race
Go to Coles new world.
The piPhone
Better get this right, I only have 2 worms.
One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.
Reddit
Dress her up as an alter boy. 
It Hertz 
Not the joke.
The sly pygmies are a bunch of cunning runts .....  (it'll come to you )
Tom Cotton. Having to tell black people to "Pick Cotton!" in 2020.
Right there (points). -Can't be, right there they told me it was here.
Gsus
America.
Must be friends, cause they are coming together.
Oh wait, there is. 
They're dead
So he could say he listened to them when they were underground.
To lay off his campaign staff.
Harry escaped the chambers﻿.

Fo drizzle
Vietnom
His hand.
There's none, both live for the hits.
He was stuck in the middle of 9/11.
Violins
Difference: One is an African lion.  The other is a lyin' African! Similarity: They both ran after a murder was committed.
With fade out and to credits.
A vegetable..
Small medium at large
They stink because they grow right out from your ass!
Because it could see the weather changing.
The first shucks between fits....
Skidward
He had no patients 
A baked potato.
Me: Why am I still single? Brain: you're, Weird Body: And...you're fat Face: plus, you're ugly Food: umm, but i'm here for you
tickle his armpits
Boyfriend: Dear do you know that exams are like girlfriend? Girlfriend: How funny? Boyfriend: Yes, they are tough to understand, complicated, lots of questions and the result is always doubtful..
A Fetality.
The boy scout comes home from camp.
Draught Punk. 
An excavator.
Vegetta balls
Meals on Wheels
Nine Wun Wun
Neither they have.
Doesn't matter how many of them come, they can't change a thing.
The Zebra I just shot dead.
So he wouldn't talk in his sleep
Trick question, feminists cant change anything!
Didn't want a brisket
Because they had to adjust for inflation. 
A: When the big hand touches the little hand.
The Pilot,  you racist.
Because he hates crosswalks
A eunuchorn.
They just ARRRRRRRRRRR!!! 
Because it's so salty.
Tennish.
He didn't.
He resisted a rest. 
Decaf. 
A Cantelope.
A roast 
Ugly sheep.
Having to go inside to ask for a coat hanger. 
Because they always get a little hoarse
Three, one to climb the ladder,  one to shake it, and one to sue the ladder company.
Cantaloupe
Of course, a house doesn't jump at all. 
Carol.
He resisted a rest.
None whatsoever.   Also, it could be that the guy who can't get laid is usually a teenager that later in life is still a loser with girls and as an adult turns into a misogynist anti feminist or a homosexual male. Good one right?
A quack head 
Sticky Buns! ;D
Automobile.
Because they're lazy, and they hate U.

An amputater
Decompose
Allows any vehicle equipped with it to stop on a dime.
He was soulful
Because their aims are white up my street
Every corner they get, they open a shop on it
They specialise in blow up dolls
One doesn't cry sexism when you fire it.
Bricks get laid. 
Because Chernobyl fallout.
Guns generally don't sit uselessly in your Mom's Basement. Guns have hard barrels.
Santa stops at 3 ho's.
Out of bounce.
Good idea. Hint: Good eye-deeeeah
Wizz Air
I'm sorry, but the video you filmed is imaginary. Please rotate your phone 90 degrees and try again.
About a day
The cow never made it.
Rubbit.
The porcupine has the pricks on the outside.
He was glad he ate her.
A gun has only one trigger.
Both think the shorter the better. 
Pillow fight!
because 7 8 10
Always smile and replace "fuck you" with "OK great"
Damn!  (This is my go-to joke that someone told me in highschool like 7 years ago. Felt like sharing it.)
Antidickstablishmentarianism.
A brick
Don't you Leia finger on her
Jesus
Ten tickles. 
Because they work.
To cover up his bald spot.
Ten tickles. lol :P
Tell them ISIS are Red Sox fans.
Nutin special. Credit to my 8 year old daughter who made that one up.
Optimist Prime
Because they don't have to pay for them.
Classical Conditioning  (told by my psychologist student friend that is not on reddit, so all credit to him)
A wind tunnel.
Lesbiyinz.
No soap, radio.
roommates
He was stoned to death.
Three. Two to get murdered and one to never get over it.
It gets toad away.
Cosecant. 
Zoos
Did you hear about the Mexican terrorist who planted a bomb on the train? He had loco motives. 
Cause Allies don't like axis powers
Getting diagnosed with cancer.
Oh, it's over your head. 
A vibrator.
Open it, if there's a 'd' in it, it's a fridge.
To blow of a little steam
Skin & Bone Thugs-N-Harmony
I remember hearing this around a few times, are there any other situational coincidence jokes like this?
One's a crusty bus station, the other's a busty crustacean.
You may think it's "Arrr", but nay, his first love be the "C".
Arrrrrr Kelly
I mean he's just been hangin' around for the last 2000 years. 
My Chemical Romance
It has to change for itself.
The blonde sure doesn't know.
Because he was Abel to.
He only got up to get a drink.
Dam!
They both protect the property but they don't spoil the view.
Pubic Zirconia.
Because it has pp in it.
Well, well, well.
None, because they can't change anything.
Dungalow.
Catholic 
*Interbreed. A meter of barbed wire. It's funnier in Russian
He made the World Trade Center disappear.
Pay well, and give her the best time you can.
Qualitea.
One group has a purpose and lots of support and the other is full of nagging women.
Ash
A northern fairytale begins "Once upon a time ..." A southern fairytale begins "Y'all ain't gonna believe this shit ..."
A con-fession.
"I have no Hans"
The Gasp Chamber
Why didn't the skeleton go to the party?  Because he had a boner 
He insisted it wasn't a riposte.
He was so hungry, he ate himself
One who can read, one who can write, and one to keep an eye on the other two "elitist intellectuals."
Ones a busty crustacean the other is a crusty bus station
Because he kneaded a poo.
On a Gir-raft.
Because it's fucking close to water
Scientists have now discovered how women keep their secrets. They do so within groups of 40.
•two scoops of ice cream •one scoop of dead baby •root beer
A hammer.
A corn has ears.
They both wiggle when you eat them.
Misandry
They throw silverware down the stairs.
Flourine Uranium Carbon Potassium.
Because it didn't see that well.
None of your Damn Business. Am I being detained?
The ambulance comes lights and sirens, "WII-U WII-U WII-U" I'm sorry, I'll leave now ._.
"Let Meowt!!!!"
Because it's extinct. 
You can assign tasks to the first kind!
Build a wall
because they all refused to make sandwiches.
no???   Awww Shucks
She starts to fit in your wife's clothes 
both are easy to pick up but hard to put down
The faster they work, the more tips they get!
Never mind, it's too long.
He touched a lot of people.
Everyone there.
Because they quickly lose interest
Nowhere, slaughterhouses have concrete floors.
Nobody would know
Crossfit
snowballs
Because they work with parts for cars, not carts for pars.
So he could BLOW it up. Please don't hurt meh.
You would think male tears, but it's actually Brigadorade.
One of them makes crack while the other just markets it.
Asian People
Give me a few minutes to get hard, I just got laid.
To keep their nuts dry. 
Dr. Dre
Because he didn't have any patients.
A stocker. 
Prawn crackers.
I want my quarter back!
Because I wanna be the very best, like no one ever was.
The Aylmao.
You ask them to pronounce unionize.
Money-gga.
Meme
A ton.
I don't have a Ferrari in my garage.
At the end of her sentence.
Harry came back to life
He'll stop at nothing to avoid them
He was following the Tsar.
John
Tell them Mexico is paying for it
My Zipper
From a well, actually.
Ask them to say the word 'unionized'.
The Captain's Log.
Cold.
About six and a half books.
Goats
Shellom. 
Because he was a little behind.
Well hell-if-i-know!
Because the Chinese know how to build a wall.
Crack rock
Family bondage time. 
The variables aren't necessarily related.
"I underscored."
"A jew!"
Artificial Intelligence
A massage-nist
Me either.
A sweet buzz!
Because Chernobyl fallout.
Cumin
Boss: Damn, I asked her to debrief all the interns before the meeting. 
Room 52E, at the downtown hopsital
Cancer reproduces itself.
You can say she has a bad habit.
The Holocaust  Worse*
A leotard.
Nothing bananas can't talk. 
By being a cat.
A hammer and cream-sickle
When asked for his name by the coffee shop clerk, my brother-in-law answered, “Marc, with a C.” Minutes later, he was handed his coffee with his name written on the side: Cark.
she couldn't see that well
One is a dirty whore and the other is Kim Kardashian. 
Many think it be 'r' but in fact it be the 'c'
Never mind it's too cheesy.
An info-maniac.
Well, if you can't helium and you can't curium, all you can do is barium!
The Daily Express.
Dead ant. Dead ant. Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant, dead ant, dead annnnnnnnttt.
so deaf people can enjoy them too.
Illegal aliens. LOL
She kept running away from the ball
Antagony
One is a Goodyear. The other is a great year. 
A vag-etarian.
Because you can't get to the fridge if there's a dragon guarding it.
Pope corn!
I put on the wrong sock this morning.
The dick.
He wanted more exposure.
Ramadamadan.
The wedding was lousy, but the reception was great!
Say "Shoo".
Ass:Ass. Jack:Ass? Ass:Yes. Jack:Yes? Ass:No. Jack:No? Ass:JackAss.
Beets.
Hepatitis Eh.
No? Oh.....
He sipped his coffee before it was cool. 
San Fran Crisco
transparent
"Robin, let's get in the Batmobile." Bonus joke: What did one orphan say to the other orphan as they got into their car? "Robin, let's get in the Batmobile."
An impasta
Because he fell asleep on duty.
To get to the other side.
I'll start:  I was at -273.15°C one time. It was OK. What do you do with a dead chemist? Barium I'm sorry guys there really are no good chemistry jokes: all the good ones argon. 
"It's all in the execution."
Fool proof!
It took a while to sink in.
Put it out man!
The investiGATOR
Information Technology by Stephen King
Because all the Mexicans who can run fast, swim fast and jump high are in the states.
I don't know, I'm just flying the drone
He felt his presents.
Celine Dijon
He was snowden
She gives you the eye.
By becoming a ventriloquist
Cumin!
Nun. I'll EDIT: Formatting
Teacher: Why are you Late Today? Student: Because of sign down the road. Teacher: What does a sign have to do with your being late? Student: The sign said, "School Ahead, Go Slow!"
Depends on your definition of a tranny 
Zero because it's already lit fam.
We use a really strong sunblock when we go to the beach with the kids. It’s SPF 80: You squeeze the tube, and a sweater comes out.
Just trying to fit in...
He ordered some NaCl.
A waist of paper.
Cuatro sinko
Wii Fit
because, being rich,  Bruce Wayne can ride a horse properly.
Shit, I can do that.. What about the last thing? Look, I'm doing it!!!
The New York Jets. 
The first man in space!
Because it's normal to undergo a midlife crisis.
It's a giraffe, walking in the savannah. All of a sudden, an helicopter comes by and..... flip flap the giraffe!
Well let me tell you.  I was riding my horse through the desert when I saw him: Pancho Villa. From a mile away I knew him. He wore a pair of leather chaparejos on his legs. On his head he wore a sombrero big enough to stretch from Oaxaca to Aguascalientes and back. But what caught my eye most of all is what he had in his hands: the big guns, both of them pointing right at me. Pancho Villa called out to me. "Señor!" he called out. "Come down from your horse!" I looked him in the eye and replied, "I come down from my horse for no man." But what could I do? What could I say? When he had the big guns. So I came down from my horse. Then Pancho Villa said to me: "Now, señor, drop the pantalones."  I said to him, "I drop the pantalones for no man." But what could I do? What could I say? He had the big guns. So I dropped the pantalones. Then Pancho Villa say to me, "Now, señor, you make a poop." I say, "I make a poop for no man." But what could I do? What could I say? He had the big guns. So I made a poop like Pancho Villa said. Then Pancho Villa said to me, "Now, señor, you will eat your poop." I answered, "I eat my poop for no man." But what could I do? What could I say? He had the big guns. So I began to eat my poop. Then Pancho Villa let out a very big laugh. He let out a laugh so big and so loud that he frightened his horse. The horse reared up on two legs and Pancho Villa dropped the big guns. I ran to grab them, and suddenly I was the one who had the big guns. For a long moment, Pancho Villa and I stared at one another, saying not a word. Then I called out to Pancho Villa. "Pancho Villa!" I called out. "You come down from your horse!" Pancho Villa gave me a stare that was colder than the snows of Orizaba. In a voice that was slow but determined, he snarled, "I come down from my horse for no man." But what could he do? What could he say? I had the big guns. So Pancho Villa came down from his horse. Then I said to him, "Pancho Villa, drop the pantalones." He gave me a menacing look and said, "I drop the pantalones for no man." But what could he do? What could he say? when I had the big guns. So he dropped his pantalones. Then I said to Pancho Villa, "Pancho Villa, now make a poop." He said, "I make a poop for no man." But what could he do? What could he say? I had the big guns. So Pancho Villa squatted down to make a poop. "Now, Pancho Villa," I said to him, "You eat your poop." He replied, "I eat my poop for no man." But what could he do? What could he say? I had the big guns. So Pancho Villa ate his poop. So, my friend. You ask me, have I met Pancho Villa? Yes, one time we had lunch together.
Because he was outstanding in his field.
A Klondyke bar.
A GoProbe.
Barium
It doesn't matter, they're never coming back.
Tequila Mockingbird!
Mic Jagger says "Hey you, get off of my cloud". A Scotsman says "Hey, McLeod! Get off of my ewe!"
An attack dog in a preschool.
A ginger-inbred!
Alcohole.
PETA Pan
I'm a married man, I hear no at least two times a week. 
Cause she's a woman.
Askanazi Jews
That's lacist.
So deaf people can enjoy them too.
Because Ken came in a different box.
THE LIGHTBULB IS FINE. THERE IS NO PROBLEM WITH IT. I MADE LIGHTBULBS WITH GOOD MANAGEMENT. LET'S MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
A duck walks into a bar and asks, "Got any grapes?" The bartender, confused, tells the duck no. The duck thanks him and leaves. The next day, the duck returns and asks, "Got any grapes?" Again, the bartender tells him, "No -- the bar does not serve grapes, has never served grapes and, furthermore, will never serve grapes." The duck thanks him and leaves. The next day, the duck returns, but before he can say anything, the bartender yells, "Listen, duck! This is a bar! We do not serve grapes! If you ask for grapes again, I will nail your stupid duck beak to the bar!" The duck is silent for a moment, and then asks, "Got any nails?" Confused, the bartender says no. "Good!" says the duck. "Got any grapes?"
Are you seeding?
A Oui-Tard
Johnny: 50 pairs of pants? Jimmy: No, A centipede. Jhonny: What? why? Jimmy: Because I squished it
Steve's Job.
The SwasTikka
Because he can't get it through the airport metal detectors.
It's not enough to change the bulb; we have to change the  .
He was out standing in his field 
Only one of them made it to the moon.
machetes
An e-cigger.  I'm going to hell for thinking of this.
A sideways seven. 
He was conducting.
Because if they fell forwards, they'd land in the boat.
Mud flaps.
Straight out of Mein Kampf-ton.
They don't grasp the gravity of the situation...
They give me the EBGBs.
An acrobat.
She can taste the blood on her son's cock
He had a shitty job.
None, Change has to come from WITHIN!
The last Clinton left a bad taste in her mouth
"Paw"m Bay
Exactly five hundred.1 to change the light bulb and to post to   that the light bulb has been changed.7 to share similar experiences of changing light bulbs and how the light bulb could have been changed differently or to caution about the dangers of changing light bulbs.17 to point out spelling/grammar errors in posts about changing light bulbs.21 to flame the spell checkers.49 to write to the list administrator complaining about the light bulb discussion and its inappropriateness to this subreddit. 20 to correct spelling in the spelling/grammar flames. 32 to post that this discussion is not about light bulbs and to please take it to the spelling and grammar subreddits. 69 to demand that cross posting to grammar, spelling and punctuation subreddits about changing light bulbs be stopped. 41 to defend the posting to this sub saying that we all use light bulbs and therefore the posts are relevant to this subreddit. 106 to debate which method of changing light bulbs is superior, where to buy the best light bulbs, what brand of light bulbs work best for this technique, and what brands are faulty. 12 to post URLs where one can see examples of different light bulbs. 8 to post that the URLs were posted incorrectly, and to post corrected URLs. 2 to post about links they found from the URLs that are relevant to this list which makes light bulbs relevant to this list. 15 to concatenate all posts to date, then quote them including all headers and footers, and then add pointedly, "Me Too. "6 to post to the subreddit that they are unsubscribing because they cannot handle the light bulb controversy. 9 to quote the "Me Too's " and happily add, "Me Three! "3 to suggest that posters visit the light bulb FAQ. 1 to propose new alt. changing lightbulb subreddit. 24 to say this is just what   was meant for, so take it there. And 57 to say that they agree with the alternate subreddit propositions.
Because 7 had a six-shooter 
a xbox.
Because they always end up arguing over how to split the check. 
A dia-beetle
Apparently not 8
Well, if you hated it as a kid, you're probably not gonna like it as an adult.
Hose B
Lift up her sleeve...
The prostitute can wash their crack and sell it again.
I'm bi curious.
None. They prefer to be left in the dark.
Their last big hit was the wall.
It was so beautiful even the cake was in teirs.
Blind.
Because if they fell forward, they'd still be on the boat.
About three fifths. 
Rolling Stones
Quantum Mechanix.
In their trunk!
It was a shticky situation. I'll show myself out.
It disappears with a poof.
One's a shooter that can't hit, the other is a hooter who can't shit. 
The polar bear.. I'll see myself out...
They push two twins together to make a king.
less than twelve parsecs.
Well it really seems like you two are squaring off. At least to tell us the long side of the story according to the Pythagorean Theorem.
He's a smooooth alligatorrrrrr
By thinking outside the box
A circus is full of cunning stunts.
A Brazilian.
Whiskers on the rocks
Oat couture
The worst case of suicide he ever saw 
To make them happy before they die
Trump is winning!
Ba-Na-Na-Na
He spiked the drinks.
Serious business
He got all z's.
You put a boogey in it
A coffin.
None of your abyss-ness 
A pizza doesn't scream in the oven
Harry Potter made it out of the chamber.
A microwave won't brown your meat!!!
The circus has a cunning array of stunts. 
Break her fingers so she can't tell anybody.
A Standing Blow-vation.
It is all about the in tents action.
He wanted to get Yoda off his back.
He fell on his ash.
With Twitter you only get 140 characters.
Acne waits till you are 13 to come on your face.
It's because we are all over here in England, walking on your grass.
He says "take the Third Reich".
black people, they go to the pool by walking, then they swim at the pool and come back with a bike
A Toyoda
Dad: No son, of course not Son: The nanny said they are Dad: Okay, pack your stuff... We don't have a nanny
Poopiter. This joke courtesy of my 7 year old son. He was very proud of it.
Obamaself

A dead centipede.
What do you call it when you photograph childbirth?  Child bornography.
Because their too hopped up on crack and politics to have an appetite. 
Giraffic Park!!!!!!! HAHHHAHAAHHAHAA
They like to see the hookers give the money back''''
Cell Phones.
Their Pimp
[Le]mon
They don't want people to think they're dancing. Not my joke cheech marins I'm high as Fuck and thought you guys might like it too.
Sewercide
Dubai-bye!
Depends.
Most of them run away after being called father once or twice
Two! But don't ask me how they got inside there.
Prince died from the flu ... Theraflu?
He got hit by a bus. 
Everywhere.
A Pastafarian.
If they lived by the bay they'd be bagels.
He got caught giving alcohol to minors.
The Walking Dread
A πthon
Ones a cunning runt...
A quarter-pounder with cheese.
With beans? Or not with beans? That is the question.
A fjord escort.
Hide his paycheck with his kids.
Terrorists blow them selves up at camp on accident
Criminal intent
ASCII/DSCII
Cause they're gay (happy).
He had a Freudian slip.
Baking soda.
Barge into your neighbor's home and claim it as yours.
One? Or two? One? .... Or two? 
I don't know I just fly the drone.
Because we want to!
Acne doesn't come on a boys face until he's 13.
none, its a hardware issue.
Shoot her again.
They're repulsive!
Songs In the Key Of Death
Around the ankles and wrists :D
Kermit the frog
Because a lot of it is Pro-ton
Kike-boxing!
A PANDAwan learner.
With a little doe
One. They'll screw anything
After they were caught, they finished each other's sentences.
5-Year-Old: Empathy! I don't even know what it means! Me- I know how you feel.
They can both strip a Vietnamese orphan in under a minute.
While hiding in an attic.
... They're making headlines. 
It's fucking Frozen!!!!!﻿
No, but Tiger Woods
An uncle that has to build a bigger shoe closet...
Nothing... Just one inch of a slip with your finger and you're in deep shit in both cases.
Consent
Pegging each other's booty
Stone Cold Steve Irwin.
Because their shit is already packed.
To get away from all the assholes making Prince jokes.
Progressive 
Tomorrow
Carpe diem.
Male-ficient.
As careful as she tried to be, she could never have seen him coming
They had no Qin
You right a Czech.
One goes from black to white, the other goes from white to black.
He sure is taking a long while preparing for his new Thriller video. What gives?
But we'll never know, because he can't stand up?
I wouldn't pay $5 to have a garbanzo bean on me.
Orphan shaped ones.
Because it's a little hoarse.
Necro-Ophelia
Well I mean the artist formerly known as Prince.
Dam
Getting Waisted
Prism
chewing gum, you sicko...
The US might invade it. 
Use shepherds pi
Because 7 is a six-offender!
 Because they hate it.
THE MILFY WAY!
Collared people's time
Sorry comments are unavailable on this joke.
All they do is describe things and look like idiots.
Bottom of the fifth, of course.
Penicillin
Grip.
He was awesome at cleaning the bar, but he wouldn't stop jerking it.
Because air is free
It's a white cross on top of a white background.
He stays up wondering if there really is a dog.
When God forgets to pay the electricity bill.
A lukeworm.
Christopher Walken
National Dyslexics Association
Doubtful, he sounds Kennedyan!
I don't know, I just set the bulb down somewhere, now I can't find it. Where the hell did the bulb go?
What's worse than the Holocaust? The Jews.
In his nutsack...
Because of the lutte
I'll be home in 20 minutes
A roamin' catholic.
National surprise drug test day! Happy 4/20 everyone! :)
They have white mail privilege.
Bach.
Rats!
It was only a matter of time!
Because he could 
They can both smell it, but they can't taste it. 
When looking at bacteria you can actually find some culture.
Because they must be able to "dust for Prince" I'll see myself out now
Fel-osophy
America. 
It lasts for hours and they are 18 different holes. 
He got the gas bill
Realizing that your being intently watched for your reaction to their sic clouds - BEST RECOGNIZE!
Because she won't pull out until she's done.
America.
It hasn't come out yet.
They're good at planting evidence.
A snickerdoodle. 
Donald Trump's tie.
Step 1: Buy a can of black spray paint Step 2: Stir up each ant mound with a stick. The ants will emerge by the hundreds to defend their mound.  Step 3: Spray each mound and the surrounding area, make sure you get plenty of paint on the ants as well.  Once the ants realize they live in a black neighborhood, they  quit working and start killing each other.  Problem solved. 
The Price. Own creation if anyone asks.
A well educated Barista
In the areeeeeiiiiiiiiina
Naan
Because they find their work gives their lives a great deal of porpoise.
Outlaws are wanted.
America.
arggg! thar she blows
Because they're afraid of the trump card.
A pile of poop is naturally brown.
I'll tell you tomorrow.
On Redtube.
All white, all white, all white
When the punchline becomes apparent.
A son of a hitch!
Q: "What school did you go to?" A: "Oral."
The right time to pull out.
A redneck virgin
Because its good Christian values to invade the Middle East.
He looks into his lover's 'I's.
Cellulite.
Matteo
"This is not a drill!"
A stick!
Seaworld
In his sleevies
Because it's non binary
It saw the salad dressing
A patchy..
Obscuri-tea.
An adult Hitler.
I don't know, but it's not five, because my basement is still dark. 
Cause it was snowed-in.
A tourist.
Update 1: Punchline removed.
Two.  One two scre—   I said   in the bulb and one to hold the peni—   it's a 
Pimples wait until puberty to come on your face.
Cause they run faster than white.
A Hodor
Because kurt called shotgun.
Because seven is a registered six offender.
That's a trick question. Feminists haven't changed anything.
He came to his senses.
One connects to all your devices & accesses your data, and the other is a hardware standard
He had a problem with boos.
Chick Fillet
So he could save his stool.
We need to build a Fire Wall!
Because he's a real dawg.
I literally cant even write now 
He worked it out with a pencil.
The difference is what people you hate
The NecroNomNomNom!
Potatoes don't scream when you peel their skin and toss them in boiling water.
Kardashians 
Thoracic Park
Howdy Neigh - Brr Made up by my 4 year old son. 
Hi sugar
Your dad's dick tastes weird.
"What the fuck was tha . . ."
It's all played in the high C's.
White noise 
Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
A stick.
Because the grass tickled his balls.
Because he can't be trusted with the razor.
cause he was Putin his shoes on XD
Rebel without a menopause.  
Drinking, bathing, watering etc etc.
Kermits suicide.
Not everyone gets it.
Because stealing is the only thing they can do. 
With a fork
None. That's a man's job. 
Hit the Juan
Gym.Tan.Laundry.
a force of habit
a 2 cycle engine 
A genie. 
umm, dude this is a voting booth.
A crocodile!
No, but i like   10s
Because he crossed the line
The Kindle Fire has a lithium battery.
Circus is full of cunning stunts. 
The person who shouted "Give me an L!"
"THERE IS ONE GOD, HE IS THE SUN GOD! RA! RA! RA!"
Their last big hits were The Wall.
He saw the gas bill.
Q: What food diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%? A: Her wedding cake.
Cummins.
You lift their kilts, and whichever one of them has a Quarter Pounder is a McDonald!
A lunartick.
"chill" with friends
"Guess where this finger's going."
Because fuck you
​Because they do curry so well
because they're always putting sales out on ken-dolls.
the fam copter 
Si-MOO-taniously
Why did Sally fall of the swing set? Because she had no arms.  Knock knock. Who's there? Not Sally. 
About 3 weeks.
If it floats, it's a boy-ant. 
he was fucking nuts
Her name was Ella.... Ella Vader.
A judge charged him with battery.
By sea-section!
With an itheberg
An ice Kareem clone
No," replies the wife, "he was just trying to tell you he isn’t our Frankie."
His mom said : one night i put little sugar under my pillow and in the morning you were by my side; The kid grabbed some sugar and put it under his pillow, he woke up in the morning and found an ant in his bed, "If you weren't my son, I swear i would've squashed you!" 
He was trying to find Winnie the Pooh.
Because killing him after the second film wasn't good enough.
They're both easily spread.
Tennis-ee Williams
A bench can support a family of 4.
he started undressing and yelled 'I will shave you'
I dont have a ferrari in my garage.
I don't have a Ferarri.
Because he is the Supreme Reader.
homogeneous
An announcer said, "Ladies and gentlemen, we have a wiener!"
Retweet.
The unemployment line.
He'll get the money from   street
One of them left the chamber alive.
The elephants found out that they were being paid peanuts compared to the rest of the troupe and the ringleader was taking the lions share.
Hole Foods.
None, they would just beat the room for being dark.
Being normal.
A brick.
He said he couldn't complain..
Nine months.
Jose can you see.....
Ein stein.
because Mark Chapman was a terrible shot, and kept missing Yoko.
Elevennessee. 
Italians.
The sound an erection makes when it hits a cymbal. 
You never can tell. The Sandpeople always ride in single file to hide their numbers.
Because he was a dirty double crosser.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
"Looks like bro's mix tape finally dropped..."
Steppenwolf
A Woky Talky
Because they lactoes
Guardians of the Galaxy
Angus Khan
In case you hadn't noticed, the color of the wind is 'blew.'  Water always looks 'wet' to me. Dirt is oviously 'dirty.' Soup seems 'soupy.' If you can't find those Crayons in your box, contact CRAYOLA.
They put two twins together to make a king.
Both do penetration testing.
The holocaust.
No whey Jose.
Morning Ham
Rust-in-peace.
A-Dhal 
So the banks know which ones to take back! Ha cha cha!!
I mean think about it, One for Charmander One for Squirtle and one for your second charmander. (found that but it's against rules to post links lol so I'll just leave that here for a good laugh)
They'll both off themselves eventually.
they were in the luftwaffle!
Gamers
Asking for a friend.
A bunch of butchered jokes
Ten tickles.
Nothing.
A stern rebuke from the ethics committee and an immediate withdrawal of funds. 
because AIR IS FREE
Deceit.
Her name is Areola Grande.
One is devoted to following to rules laid down by those who consider their will that of the divine. The other is a type of christian.
Two in the front, two in the back, and 6 million in the ashtray. 
You gonna eat that?
Just kidding about the white part. 
a dump trump 
Max
Because they always give you a straight answer.
Because in the games, Bug-types are effective against Dark-types. Just like malaria in Africa.
Because they lactose.
Finding shoes to go with it. 
The  -bladder. 
Some men just want to see the world churn.
Normal
The Fray
The hypotenuse.
A moss-cow
Dick-Fil-A
Because they cantaloupe.
You would too if you had to change in the middle of the street!
R and Brie
No, but April May.
A quarter-pounder with Cheese
Antique farm equipment.
Prism
A frying Pan
Postbox.
A little head
One made a killer microwave.
Karl Barx
He was into inflation.
A Neigh-bor. Sorry for my horrible dad joke. 
Boo-bees ( . ) ( . )
Like now the tank meta is out of control before that it was ADC then devourer/cinderhulk. Will the game ever be balanced or just classes take turns at being op?
Break her fingers so she can't tell anyone.
Because he saw real hope for an Aryan nation.
So he could make America grate again.
Panickin' Skywalker.
Chopin
None. Blacks belong in the fields, woman belong in the kitchen.
They are just trying to avoid the whole cost. I feel terrible for making this up........ But ill get over it.
Because Seven is a SIX offender!!!
A good start.
Eh. Sew-sew.
Society  
Sudden Infant Death Syndrome. 
My feet are killin' me!
A Labracadabrador.
The Terminator
Super Barrio Mothers
Bernie Sanders.
Pro-state cancer.
By judge and jew-ry.
What about a date?
Everyone has the same DNA and no one has any teeth.
Plagiarism
Elephino!
"Nevermind, Nevermind"
...The boo-bees!
Only problem is, he's gonna make them pay for every brick in the wall.
Ask her if she is a Bernie Sanders supporter.
Bernie Sanders.
It's because they're always drunk as hell. 
Because it was used in World War One to kill people.
Bernie Sanders.
Money - Pink Floyd
Because he was salty Edit: im so sorry.
One bursts into tears. The other bursts out of tears
Euler butter.
Ayy lMao
Jewelry.
He flew off the Handel
If they're AA, at least batteries have something positive
Stained glass.
Bent Hen.
So they don't get mistaken for feminists.
"Your man is open!"
Because Habeas Porpoise. 
Because he couldn't bark
One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.  (Thanks to   for pointing out the mistake last time
Urine trouble.
Dr. Dre
Rolaids
He saw her penis
Bach
Cuz I'll finger blast you harder than Jason Pierre Paul
So she always has a happy little bush!
Nepallinates flowers.
A final solution
Bron-choitus 
One gets a badge for lighting stuff on fire, while the other gets a badge for being lit on fire.
A salad shooter
Nothing, you sick pervert!
They gotta wear big shoes.
"Quit Stalin and get on the ride!"
Because it's the only time 'rich' and 'dark' are used to describe the same thing. 
Two jews fighting over a penny.
He discovered the resistance
Dr.
Minimeme wage
And why is he always arguing with people?
An acne doesn't come on boy's face until he's 13.
A rip-off.
Nothing.
carlos
She got the sack
Pink
Everywhere.
I'll tell you tomorrow. 
He said it was kampfy and that he reiched it a lot, but that it could have used fuhrer stitches.
Zero
It takes me longer to eat the pizza
An ouroboris
Because it was soda pressing.
Reprimand from the university ethics board and immediate withdrawal of all research grants. 
Termigator (jesus christ this one's even worse than the last)
To the doc(k)!
Because it had great circadian rhythms.
A sixth sense 
Now   is Padre sin!
Because he was running on CP time.
Pokemon
Give him a fake leg and make him run across Canada.
Light blue
Sherlock, homes
Make up sex.
IHOP
They come across more things. 
It's not unusual
I’m stumped.
He was on a Nipissing reserve. 
On charges of impersonating a police officer.
They believe in a single-pair system.
A   with e  dysfunction!
Because nukes are so bright
Everywhere 
Caucasian
A mating call LoL
Black people can't swim. -.-
Leninade
With a pair of caesars Edit: fixed
When it turns into a driveway
Cuz he could never paint dat mouth right
You're just gonna have to be a little patient.
Cells are found inside plants.
Beat it. Were closed. 
A corgi with a boner.
Donald Trump's tie.
Protein Sheikh
Apparently not having enough  tonin at night!
Dustin Johnson sneezed.
Her computer had a bug...
He was barred.
Tell him to think of the children.
'Amburgers & Woot Beer! Edit: Thanks to my dad for this one.
America
It hertz when IP.
Girls don't like football.
He Jar Jar Blinked.
A rectangular bear after a coördinate transform.
MC Escher 
Society. 
Answer: the Fraser River (which separates Richmond and Surrey)
Because my PC is a Dell. (please don't hurt me it's my first post on   omg)
Because he wasn't polar
To keep Donald trump out of mexico
The Princess and the Frog
Because everyone that can run, swim or jump is in USA.
The Twin Towers.
There's a nap for that
One has demonstrated the scarcity of intelligent life in the universe, and the other is a scientific study of extra terrestrials.
The 4/10 cookie
Vin Diesel 
A banana in the washing machine.
A: I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face.
We don't know, they've never tried it.
For Hispanic attacks.
not funny
A falsalami
A surname.
Telling the difference between Chinese people with down syndrome.
Data not avalible.
A macular degenerate.
Because if it didn't it would be Li-ion. 
An investigator. 
Find the nearest skyscraper.
A BMDubya!
I mean that canal fucking sucks, so who cares.
He's an e-NAMBLA.
Quark ! Quark !
Geometrees and trigonometrees
A cat has claws at the end of its paws, and a period is a pause at the end of a clause.
Attempted Murder
There will be reapercushions. 
...on his shellphone
Better go catch it!
The steaks were getting too damn high.
Allah AkbARRR
Pillowsquawk
All I could taste was horse semen... So I thought to myself, "this must be how she died!"
Cervical cancer.
" " Wanna to go camping?
Bobby Fillet
Because he goes to Pizza Hutt a lot. Edit: Best flair 2016
The Wall.
By forcing every Juan to work on it.
Na.
I don't have an alcohol collection.
Over 9000.
Quackamole.
A crossfire.
Crazy cows. They have to be nuts. 
A convertible. 
Q:      How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?  A:      Whereas the party of the first part, also known as "Lawyer", and the  party of the second part, also known as "Light Bulb", do hereby and forthwith  agree to a transaction wherein the party of the second part shall be removed  from the current position as a result of failure to perform previously agreed  upon duties, i.e., the lighting, elucidation, and otherwise illumination of  the area ranging from the front (north) door, through the entryway, terminating  at an area just inside the primary living area, demarcated by the beginning of  the carpet, any spillover illumination being at the option of the party of the  second part and not required by the aforementioned agreement between the  parties.          The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not be  limited to, the following.  The party of the first part shall, with or without  elevation at his option, by means of a chair, stepstool, ladder or any other  means of elevation, grasp the party of the second part and rotate the party  of the second part in a counter-clockwise direction, this point being tendered  non-negotiable.  Upon reaching a point where the party of the second part  becomes fully detached from the receptacle, the party of the first part shall  have the option of disposing of the party of the second part in a manner  consistent with all relevant and applicable local, state and federal statutes.  Once separation and disposal have been achieved, the party of the first part  shall have the option of beginning installation.  Aforesaid installation shall  occur in a manner consistent with the reverse of the procedures described in  step one of this self-same document, being careful to note that the rotation  should occur in a clockwise direction, this point also being non-negotiable.  The above described steps may be performed, at the option of the party of the  first part, by any or all agents authorized by him, the objective being to  produce the most possible revenue for the Partnership.   Found when browsing through the   files.
pop
Big Bank Theory
Women's rights.
Alaska
It's been nice gnawing you. 
A lurkey turkey.
A gummy bear
A swallow 
Nazis
It swags its tail.
A racist
7 Pirates are illiterate.
Netflix and Chilldren
Where's pop corn?
Dat ass
He only spoke gaelic
GERMANY!!!!
You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna.
How I bought your mother
Augusta wind.  
Sometimes the homeless get change.
Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame bird ? Tame way unique up on it.
A bingo machine you sick fuck
Because it's a rogue film - a Star Wars prequel that won't be complete shit.
A TRANSport
P. Because without it, he'd be irate.
Don't worry they'll tell you. 
Because more alcohol is the solution to all problems. 
Because it was a sewer side mission!
Because they got a bad wrap. 
It's fucking crazy.
They were both on Top Gear. 
Because they'll reach 420 before anyone else. Explanation: 80 is quatre-vingt in french and quatre=4 and vingt= 20.
A beanerschnitzel 
Cold War Russia. 
A fetaphile 
Patrick Fitzgerald and Gerald Fitzpatrick
One day a man and his wife are golfing. They have had a wonderful time and the man has had a near perfect game. The final hole, by far the most difficult, doglegs right around an old barn. With a terrible slice the man puts the barn between his ball and the green. Knowing that the strokes that it will take to get around the barn will destroy his score, he begins to rant and rave. His wife hating to see him ruin such a great afternoon makes a suggestion.  "What if I were to hold open the barn doors? That way you could send it right through the barn onto the green."  He thinks this over and decides that it will work. With his wife holding open the barn door he lines up with the hole and gives the ball a terrific "Whack"! The ball shoots through the air and right into the head of his wife, killing her instantly.  Months go by, the man mourning all the while. His friends, hating to see him in such a state, convince him to go golfing with them. They end up at the same course and on the final hole, oddly enough, another terrible slice puts the old barn between his ball and the green. The man is about to punch his ball back to the fairway so he can have a clear shot at the green when his friend makes a suggestion. "What if I were to hold open the barn doors? That way you could send it right through the barn onto the green."  The man replies, "No. I already tried that once and it ended up horribly." "What happened?," his friend asked. "I got a double bogey on this hole." One day a man and his wife are golfing. They have had a wonderful time and the man has had a near perfect game. The final hole, by far the most difficult, doglegs right around an old barn. With a terrible slice the man puts the barn between his ball and the green. Knowing that the strokes that it will take to get around the barn will destroy his score, he begins to rant and rave. His wife hating to see him ruin such a great afternoon makes a suggestion.  "What if I were to hold open the barn doors? That way you could send it right through the barn onto the green."  He thinks this over and decides that it will work. With his wife holding open the barn door he lines up with the hole and gives the ball a terrific "Whack"! The ball shoots through the air and right into the head of his wife, knocking her out. Later at the hospital, the doctor talks to the man about his wife's status. "She's in stable condition for now. The swelling in her brain has stopped, and it looks like she will make a full recovery. However, upon her physical examination, we were surprised to find a golf ball in your wife's rectum. Do you have any idea how that may have gotten there?" "Oh!" says the husband, "That was my mulligan"
You buy it per-tater 
Just one more putsch. 
TLDR
Hard wood.
Dogtor
Cosby Cosby Cosby Cosby cos, because of the wonderful things he drugs
Or...I 'run' through the campground? Oh right, I ran, because its past tents.
Also how many credit hours does it count as?
Revolver Camelot!
Relief
None. The light bulb shall never burn out. (OK. It's more cathartic than funny...)
It was bloodcurdling.
"Nut juice" wasnt very popular.
They took everything but the sunscreen and Father's Day cards.
Your keyboard.
Because two Wongs don't make a white.
In the name of the Vader, the Luke, and the Obi-Wan Kenobi
We're not sure, they've yet to see the light.
That's not funny.
Because they are constantly lied to about what 8" is.
Reddit.
Because he burns all the franks but leaves one undercooked.
Neither take your 3.5 inch floppy anymore.. unless you pay extra.
In his sleevies!
your mother
He got tired. The man running behind the car -- he got exhausted.
because nobody made sandwiches
Knock, knock.
Women.
Santa Claws
Because he then becomes filthy Rich.
The Circuits! (this is a joke i made up when i was like 10, i don't think it ever caught on)
One's a follower of Islam and the other is a person who blows themselves up in the hope of causing collateral damage.
Because she no longer has a dollar to her name.
Favourite because  piter is the biggest planet in the solar system Hated because it's a gas planet
Woman 2 - I've simply told him sex will start exactly at 9 PM, with or without him.
He was always ham-mocking.
Both are in the way if you are in a hurry
Banana-nana
Christian 
She wasn't wearing her seat belt
清... 崇... 常... 丁... 董~~~
Because they're tight fisted wankers.
There is no difference. The joke is you just learned math.
Harry escaped the chamber.
Because if they flew over the bay, then they'd be called bagels!
The designated driver.
Don't pay her.
The cheese and crust. 
He holds the lightbulb and the world revolves around him.
Come together Right now Over me
Holy Matrimony, Batman!
On their RRRRRRR drive.
He always delivers.
Elephino!
Because it's traveling light!
Because he was outstanding in his field
The second telephone.
( sex ) Dungeons and Dragons
To suck my fucking cock.
Because he saw the gas bill
When they came to Ellis Island, not one of them could speak a lick of English, but they all had "To NY" on their hats.
Re-arranged marriage
A key.
A Pizza can feed a family of four
The Bullet leaves the chamber. Courtesy of my comrade Ivo
Their lips are moving.
Because Oklahoma sucks.
Urine for a surprise. 
An ENTmoot.
Five Guys
They like 50% off everything
bakLAVA
The test subject is the only one you'd willingly ask to "tell us about yourself."
Kelp!
Juan-inch wonder.
Elephant grape sine theta
A buccaneer
You can do this twice. One time with you right eye and one with your left!
Guten free.
An astronaut you fuckin racist 
He felt his presents.
Paper tits.
In potholes.
Broccoli
M'chop M'choke M'champ
post-upload skepticism
With a phone.
Because it's kawaii.
"Wait… I freed  ?!?!?"
Because he's nobody's fool!
Because he's nobody's fool!
"Get out of my son!"
Seizure later
Nanda Parbeets.
int[][] abs = new int[2][3]
Because if you take only one he will drink all your beer.  
A paper jam sandwhich
Disorientaled.
The Hash Slinging Slasher.
Because they're nobody's fool
John is a bird.
Jokes about Batman's parents can get old.
A cock and a couples of hares! Source: I was told this in a bar tonight and felt the need to share it!
So they can draw blood
My Name Is URL
FUCKING RAAAWWW!!!
Attempted Crepe
For public transportation.
He shreds.
A roll model
Ma a
Not exactly sure why, myself, it's just Shiite
Grounds for termination.
Drug addict: No officer, it's Hi how are you? 
Tooth hurty

New Delhi
Mossack Fonseca.
When their lips move
Carlos
To spruce things up a bit. 
TLOPia
Because she had a pun in the oven!
Smallpox.
Audi drivers have pricks on the inside
It was actually a double cross. He had to cross the road in order to gain the trust of the other side. 
Leonitis
Czechmate
None of them, since everybody is already dead.
ICandy
"That rotten asshole split on me again!"
Chickenstocks
The loading times are out of this world.
Heil-acopter
Pork is haram
Criminal intent.
Just don't chew. 
Donald Trump
Little Caesars
Antique farm equipment.
A buccaneer. 
"You're drunk ET, go home!"
He didn't see the ewe turn.
Hip-Hop!
Because walking wouldn't burn enough calories.
Tsar Napoleon.
A flat minor
Her lips are moving.    Yeah, it's an old joke but then again, so is she.
Give them a "test tickle."
because he had a dying light
He brews it.
its "rådyr" - its funny because in Denmark rådyr means two things - "very expensive" and "doe"
TLOPia
Because they're a bunch of suckers.
Legendairy [From my young daughter]
A human being you fucking sexist.
They keep the mailman away from his wife
It was making him Moody Edit: Guys, its a Harry Potter Joke for those who don't get it.
Michael Phelps could finish a race.
Nostrildamus
Who gives a fuck?
Nothin, you've already told her twice! 
An Igloominati
Serf's up!
You call him "sir".
A sneeze.
Enough to lower your standards, I'm moonsout_goonsout
Itstumbled.
Strippers don't rig their polls. 
Acne waits until you're 13 to come on your face
Moooo!
You hang around here while I go on ahead.
With Jammin'.
To render the buildings on the other side.
Son, if this is another tie, I'm gonna kill you.
Nyetflix
BoogeyNAN!
"Even though my existence is meaningless I want to spend the rest of it with you."
He drank coffee before it was cool
"Man, it feels like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders!"
Put it on my bill.
Because they're calculating.
They didn't spend all that time in the closet doing nothing...
the Crystal Methodists
Q: What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord? A: My ass!
None fam it's already lit! Sah duude!
With cool beans.
Well, do you have 2 minutes ?
Either your mum, your wife or you. 
They Bangkok
You go Soul-searching. 
Don't sittin' bullshit me. 
A Yutopia
They're calling it Jesus fucking Christ
A Skele-Ton.  Thanks, I'll see my way out.
Phil: We should call it a Philboard. Bill: I have a better idea...
Extra testicle 
The losers got precipitation trophies.
Mahatma Gone-D
A pigment of your imagination.
A Tryke.
A sicka blyat
He forgot his safe word.
Aisle B - Back.
About 1 thousand Iraqis.
Let's go PAL.
His condom fits like a glove.
He grows taller.
None, they're the powerhouse of the cell. 
Because it's bipolar.
Women bitch about jokes, men joke about bitches
Because there was too much pride on his side.
Because his sister is dead.
Fuck you!
The feet.
A m80.
He tribe of pygmies is a cunning bunch of runts.
12 One to make the sandwich, One to excoriate men for creating hunger, One to blame men for inventing such a laborious recipe, One to suggest the whole "putting meat in between two non-consenting flaps of bread" bit to be too "rape-like", One to deconstruct the Bologna sausage itself as being phallic, One to blame men for not making the sandwich, One to blame men for trying to make the sandwich instead of letting a woman do it, One to blame men for creating a society that discourages women from eating, One to blame men for creating a society where women make too many sandwiches, One to advocate that sandwich makers should have wage parity with Michelin star chefs, One to alert the media that women are now "out-sandwiching" men, And one to take pictures for her blog for photo-evidence that men are unnecessary.
Christmas, Carl 
The South Will Rise Again
Ted Cruz
Idk!
Give and let live
He used a krypton-currency.
None, cause its already lit as fuck fam.  
I haven't done anything to warrant a rest.
Obi Juan Shinobi
Because they lactose..
April Fools ya dumbitches!! There's no difference at all. 
she asked for sex and got S3X instead.
Always have to smell it, never get to eat it.
Alley-oop Akbar
1Forest1
Because sixty-seconds=minute.
North of the equator.
Title: What's the difference between TheFineBros and  ? Answer: One made a stupid mistake that rightly lost them subscribers and the other...oh wait.
April, fools
Did you hear about the house the two lesbians made? It was all tongue and groove.
Title: Why is   like Donald Trump? Text: Because now I look at them both and say  .
Long time no sea.
To render the buildings on the other side. No offense.
Chicken sees a salad.
You use test tickles 
Because it's Russki. 
New Yorkers,some of them go through 110 stories in 10 seconds.
"If we don’t get some support, people will think we’re nuts!"
A micro-transaction.
One turns young people into horrible human beings and the other is jail.
Both just got hacked
Apparently Donald Trump is a cuck.
The herpsichord.
Quadraplegic, terrible car crash ...but she still suck dick for money!
The sweat that forms on your nuts when you're banging your sister.
Pig Latin
a Eunuch-horn! :D
A call-em
A sweet potato.
Alam Shookup.
Baked beans
Khal Pacino.
Yeah, they're not a natural-born citizen.
A direction
Sir cumference assisted by Sir cular Huehuehue
Christianity
Unlike him it doesn't have battery charge.
Because he couldn't pay the gas bill
The DEA just passed a new controversial drug to help treat lesbians with depression. It's called Tricoxagan.
A. How can you tell if someone has Alzheimers?
You're my breast friend 
He drowned in his Tea Pee. 
A Faygo Diego
The only black KKK member. 
Because she couldn't keep her hands to herself.
Oh don't worry, they'll let you know.
One of them starts a religion after it gets nailed.
It's making headlines.
Disoriental.
Your wife back, your dog back, your house back...
A gambler might lose.
A midwife crisis. 
Roy Jeep Biv
It's not hard. Edit 1: Why was my title and username changed?
Jew Maple
Well, he save on groceries.
Poor ​Juliet! Did not know Apple stores don't have Windows​​!
Sunni side up.
Paid off.
A Freudian slip.
They are both very pedantic
Those were dark times.
A journalist.﻿
A cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth
Because she's dead.
There age
Gods
Because they always klingon!
An UnFair.
They were looking in Oldowan places
One and not one.
Ever opened a grilled-cheese sandwich?
Because his dick was stuck in the chicken. 
Donald Dump
I wouldn't pay $100 to have a lentil on my face.
Homeless
A slow cooker
The battle of the buldge.
Force of habit.
Both are charged with battery.
Croakaine
The obituaries
When his dick tastes like your husband's ass
The taste.
They both had a mandate from heaven.
Dear Sir, We are writing to you because you have violated copyright ...
The somnambulance.
America.
Hebrews and Shebrews.
Now a day, everybody is just so butthurt when you do...
A nostaljar.
Because coat hangers are cheaper than condoms.
Ten-tickles
They both know how to throw a hoedown.  Not my joke, just passing it on.
A maze. 
​​No, I don't want anybody to see my browser's history​​!
A cross-threader 
Good Vibrations
A Pedofile
wiped.
I've never paid $200 to have a kidney bean in my mouth.
Recoil 
Because their horns don't work 8 year old brother just told me this joke, thought it belonged here
Beer nuts are $1.99 deer nuts are under a buck
So the dishwasher matches the rest of the appliances.
If they're black, they can't feed a family.
Diabetes.
Because he was picking up good vibrations.
I apollogize.
"Well you don't look very familiar..."
Turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it.
meat
Shit in her cunt.
Flaccid
Acne usually comes on a boy's face after he turns 12.
Forget it.
His shoulder. 
7-Up 'n cider.
It stinks! 
Tsk Tsk Tsk Tsk
Twitter has a character limit
My computer screen with black midget porn playing.
Her name, you asshole.
HI Jack!
None.  There are no   there.
Just-ice
It's because his Lily died.
A Trojan horse.
In the ground.
Def Leppard
Snakes on a plane.
Crack it before they hack it.

Piston
A submarine. 
But then it moved to Japan.
Because they got nun to love them
Because 12 year olds can't vote. Edit: I'm actually somewhat of a Bernie supporter, I'm just joking about how he has a lot of youth backing him.
I bet it's really nice to be Enya.
Because they measure 5.5 to 6 inches as 8 to 13 inches.
Boo Bees
Because seven is a registered six offender
It means urine business. 
Just 1...blondes will screw anything.
A George Costanza. 
It's gonna be YUGE!!!
Depends, what is yours?
Everest. Any time he is bored I see him Mount Everest. 
White Christmas 
Puppymonkeybaby
Answer: Annette
Because my interest in you keeps growing.
Boss
He had a cardiac arrest
Because it's three against two.
You don't hear a law student call themselves a lawyer, or a gender studies student call themselves a barista.
They look at YOUR shoes when they talk to you.
A native Texan saying, "Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittttttttttttttttt."
a plain bagel.
Artificial Intelligence. 
Trump supporters vote
Fingerpaint!
The Khajiit. 
Slip not.
Pregnant. 
Mum? Mum??? MUUUUM!!!!!!!!
Bill Gates: "Internet Explorer" Sundar Pichai: "Google Chrome" Tim Cook: "Safari" Jared Fogle: "Tor"
Past tense.
Mount Rushmore
Because it means urine trouble
For some sick, strange reason, men enjoy smashing pussy.
Sudden infant death syndrome.
It stops on a dime, then picks it up!
I heard it was a blast.
"MOVE IT OVER THERE CUZ IM A DOUBLE DIPPAH"
I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face
Molar bears!
A broken heart.
Stick a scratch and sniff to the bottom of a pool.
Schizofriendic
Because 7 'ate' 9 xD
Osmoses
One.
Because they are such Kling-ons.
Every time your girlfriend goes to the bathroom, take two shots
Winner gets to be V.P.
Man with a uterus somewhere 
Nothing.
Because he always fucks up the delegates.
Because he's such a fungi.
Halluminati 
That's why some people seem bright until they start speaking.
Jew by Jew
Goes without saying
Because Mary Magdalene was his Horcrux.
Probably not, the   mods deleted it before anyone saw.
You boil the hell out of it
Because he needed a poo.
He's got a funny yolk.
The Hollow Crust.
You only need one nail to hang a picture! Happy Easter!
Popcorn, because you have to blow it up before you eat it. 
Ten-tickles
Because it might be your bike.
A piece of gum, you pervert!
HAND-EYYYYEEEEE-EEEE-IIIII!!!
He was Sikh.
Christian bail
America
Dr. Dre
An attack dog in an elementary school.
It's a real pain in the ass.
A cock pit.
Dead. Another anti-joke by the fabulous me. Surprisingly, nobody has down voted the first one yet.
The color. Yes, this is an anti-joke. Downvote please.
Your mom can't take a joke. 
OGG
Jesus wants to get fucked for free.
Because they cant finish a race.
Ugh.... Pho queue...
It leaves.
"I find your lack of steak disturbing."
Busting a newt
I heard it was top notch
With an itheberg.
Because nobody made sandwiches.
Don't worry, I shot him.
The Should Ant and the Could Ant.
Mohammed responded "Pedophile is a pretty big word for a 9 year old!"
Gent Lee (Gently)
"A" cup
The Battle of the Bulge.
Au
We know that eating fish is supposed to make us "smarter", but the only fishes we eat, are the ones "dumb" enough to get caught. It doesn't make sense.
He just rubbed her the wrong way
Hot cross bunnies Happy Easter
John Dough
Ukraine your neck.
A clam bake edit: You guys are ridiculous, thanks for the steady stream of laughs
Does this taste funny to you?
Because they learned what happens when you touch a little boy. 
yesallwomen
To remind him of the cunt that has his DVD player.
Never mind, its too long.
His treasures.
They're both back at it with the white vans.
An Audi
Mom: Son, your dad has not grown up as much yet. 
When the wordplay becomes wordwork. 
She couldn't solve inequalities.
He wasn't concentrated. 
Because I just heard dad tell our neighbour to turn it off so he could shove it down her throat
they both escape through the chimney.
Joey Fatone
Juan by Juan
A comic relief.
Phelps can finish a race
I don't sweatshirt 3 times a day.
A rip off!
When the punchline becomes apparent.
Icy Dead People
Stick? BARK!
Nun. 
Because B-shells are too small, and D-shells are too big.
5,999,997
A menstrual bicycle.
Submitting a stool sample.
Check it's ants-history.
Mountain Dew. 
Civil War
J. Robert Moppenheimer 
There's Ruble everywhere.
Elevator music
Toss some salad.
If you find the right woman, you're complete.
I don't know, I just click "submit"
I dunno, i just click submit
You need three years experience to even apply!
So it won't explode when you fuck it. 
Because of their great buy one, get one free of charge deals.
A solar ellipses...
Curt Nobrain....
Sore arms.
He thinks he's real hot shit.
Haulin' Oates
Two fingers of whiskey.
Done right, it doesn't linger.
Steven Hawking after a house fire 
They're making head lines!
"You sound just like me!"
Have you seen the mess snails make?
He's all right now.
Two buy four.
Explaining to your dad that you're gay
Stonedface killer.
pay him for the pizza.
The X-Men
A spider!
I want you to seize my means of reproduction.
No touching!
a meme.
One dumbass who never pulls out in time
Zero.
because New Mexico blows and Oklahoma sucks
An out-of-tuna!
Jalapenetration.
" "
Because he was low-key
Neurotic: the one who builds cloud-castles Psychotic: the one who lives in a cloud-castle Psychotherapist: the one who collects the rents
'Cuz I heard you got that ass mah. 
Because I would like to fill you with my dirty load in the evening, turn you on, and fall asleep before you finish
He fiddled up a little kid.
"It's psychosemitic"
He topped himself.
They're both convertables.
you have to drop the bomb twice before she gets it
Atrophy
They did shove a long nosed witch into an oven.
Delivery.
Rick O'Shea
Your mom still sucks my dad's dick 
"You're such a Frank Castle."
Em-OGs
Don't stop ble-eding (The pause is necessary)
Neither one...they're both stuck up cunts.
Your dad still sucks dick.
Uncle Ben's perverted rice.
We sleep better when the room is moving 
One is not enough and three is to many
Because even Magic can't pay your college Loan
A: The Little Mermaid on her period.
That's nice. Mine's a light shade of brown.
Wierd Al on politics
A nibble.
O̬̼͐̀͝H̨̛͚ͮͨͯ͆̋̎ͥͪͪ ͚̥̺͙͐͆̽ͦ̆̈̕͟M̢ͧ͗͌̊ͥͥ̀Ι͇̖̮̹̰̞A̷̵̠̱̺̖ͮ̊͆͜N̠͇͛̓̋͊͜͡͠ ̂̓̅̏͏͍̰̣̮̥͎͍͡I̶͖̼͔͓̅̎͆͂̀ ̥̟͂͌ͨ̒ͧͯ͟͠Å̦̹̣͚̖̱͎͈̒ͦͮ͛M̧̦͚̺̺͎̞̪͉͖͑ͭ́ ̵ͧ̉͒̽̿͏̶͕̘̲̱͚N͉̈ͥ̍̄̆̕͜͠O̡̻͖̻͎̠͉̾͑ͦ̏̈̀͐ͩT̞̭͈̫̝̓̌̃͠ ̢̛̰̮̝̻͙̣̙̮ͭͥ̄ͬͫ̓ͭG̳̥͚̅̓̌̓͂̽̑Ι͍O̻̮̗̰̪̬̊̈́̓͘͝O͎̣͖̯̅ͤ̀̓ͣ̊ͭ͘͘͟D̛͙̞͖͎͛ͤͮ̔̑͡͞ ̶̧͚̝̝̏́̀Ι͙͎̭̖W͈͈͚̞ͬͮ̏̐͠I̶͕̹̠̳͎̦̟̣̠ͥ̐̍͞T̴̺͇͛ͮ̈ͫ͛͝Ḩ̳̤̟͎̄ͯ̿̔̅͑ ̨͎̭̝̩͉̇ͪ͐̉̒̑͑C̡̟͇̱̺̈́̈ͪ̊O̖ͣ̇̀̏̀̚M̙̅́̄͛͠P͒ͪ͞҉̬͚̖̖͎̥Ứ̠̜͉̹̹̗͗T͍̗̝̹̃ͨͭ̿̉̀͘Ḙ̢̧̘̜́͘R͕̼̃Š̷͉͕ͧ̊ͧ ͈ͫ̅Õ͉̺͔̩̯ͬH̭̮͎̗̓ͧ͗̿̃̆ͭ̚ ͍͕̜̼̋͌̑̓ͫ͂ͬ̾M̝̭̗͉͛̓̿͡A̲͍ͮ̑̒̈́ͮ̌ͫ̄͛́N̴̪͙͚̲̱ͭ͑̆͞ ̾ͨͣ̌ͤ҉̫̥̜̲̲͖I̴̭̝̘̼̫̳͇ͮ̔̀̅͑ͣ͡Ι ̸̛͚̱̱̭̪͆́̍̊̇̾ͩĄ̹̹̄̒̍̅̒͂ͭ͌͜Ṁ̴̵̢͔̖̏̄ͬ̐̍̂ͤ ̸̦͖̋̍̏̓̌ͣ͟Ṋ̲͋̏̃̆ͧͩ͊́͜O͈̠̝͙͙̼̼͎͎͌̇ͤ̿ͬTͬ̒ͫͧ̅̍͑͒͂͏̝̻́Ι̗͈̱ ̜̠͊͛G̙̮ͬ̋͋͋͘͞Ŏ̥͎̙͎̻̺̣̫͎̏̔̍ͥ͊̃͡O̴̯̜̬͑͐ͨͨͧ̾Ď̸̡̜̌͛̐ͩͦͮͪ̆ΙΙ͍̯ ̩̙̺͚͚̯͛͠W̗̠͙̪̲̜͕̦̃̀ͩ̄͑̎̓ͣ́́͜Ï͚͎̭ͣͫ̅͂ͮ͆̓̕T͕͆̈͗̆̍Ḥ̢̝̱̬̞͎͐ͧ́̑̓ͪ͛ ̧̩̰̎͠GARLICC̗̳̄͢Ŏ͙͕ͯ̌M͓ͭͦ̓̓ͧͭ̀͊ͮ͜Ι̳P̡͍̘͚̓ͤ̒̐U̝͓̘̥ͩ̐̍̅́̔̚͟T̵̙͙̝̐͂̌̀ͣ̕Ē̴̥͔̦͉̼̯̃̄ͥ̇ͬR̵̡͍͎̗ͪͦ̌ͯΙ̻͉̙̤͔Ş̮̻͉͓̬̗̮̥̬̔ͦ̂ͫ̒͟͢ ̢̧̨͖̔̎̀͋Ι͉̦̼͎Ȏ̢̒̒ͮ͂ͮ̉͐͏̭Ι̤͍̞H͕̖̞ͥ̄ͫ́͑͒̂ͯΙ̩͈̺ ̭̠̮̬̰̺ͩ̽̊̊͐ͧ͝M̷͚͔̬̲̅͋ͫ͗ͩ̄̆A̡̻͍̰̳̝̮͖̬͂ͣ͗̃̓̾̀Nͤ̃͗ͥͬͯ҉̤̯̠̰̯ ̵̧̰͔̮ͯ̂̔̿̇͌ͤI̵̘̰̗͖̎͊̒ͭͮ̂Ι͕̟ ̈̆̀̇͆ͣ͏̢́Ι͈͕A̒̽̾͌͞҉̻̻̝̰͓̱̙̱M̛͎͎̺̱̲̻͖ͩͣ͞ ̳͍̮̦̬̫̹̲͋͛͗ͪͩ̓̓͝N̴̗̟ͨ̀ͯ̚͢Ǫ̶͔̪͇ͪͫ̔̇̅͐Ι̱̝̥̘T̏͌ͯ͆̍̅̈́̍͘҉͏̪̫ ͓̟̘̯͓̘͌̀̐̽ͦ̌͟G̵̣̮̬̹͓̺̀̾̀̐̄̔̅̚O̪̾̐̓ͩ̚Ι͚O̧͕̱̪̹͔ͤͨ̑̊̓ͥ͟D͙̥̳ͨ̌͌ͮ̚ ͙̟͕̼͖̹͈͎͖̓Ẅ̤̯͉́̈́̍̈͋ͫͭ̕͞Ḯ̡̥͍͈̙͙ͯ͒̈ͥ̃ͧT̰̩̾͐̆ͧ͂͗ͧ͜H̛̳̤̞̘͙ͦ̇ͪ̀ ̧̪̘̰̦̭ͥ̋C͉̥̄̀̚Ȏ͈͈͚̫̊͒̍͋͂M̞̠͍̟͉̤̾̓͑̈ͨP̪͚͕̲̗͑͆̀Ι͇͕U̪ͪ͛͘T̹̰̮͗́̀Ě͔̰͐͒ͧ̌͂͂ͦͤR̽͏̡̭̦͜Ι͉̩͕̙S̭͚̯͔̘̰̫̮̀͝ ̊̍͌̐̓ͫ͜Ι̱O̢̫͙͚̹̭̤͚̙͇͋̏̂͊̃̿͐̆́H̶̵̥̮̯̪͎͔̣̊ͬ͝ ͔̖̭̒͡M͉̳̞̙̂̌̄̈́ͩͬ̀ͯ͐Ȧ̬͓̾̔̆ͦ̏͐N̴̹͕͙̙̤͇̞͆ͦ̿͗͑͢͢ ̨̥̖͚͚̹͈̒̽̈̊̓ͧ̓̔I̡̛̳̘͔̼ͩ ̢̲̙ͦͧ̊ͣ͋Ȧ̴̮̹ͫ̃̓ͫ͞M̺̞̜̖͈͎͎̉̓͘ ̛̤̺͌͛̂̚N̶̝̭̥̬̱ͮͣͤͩ͑̓̅͒͞O̻̤̐͗ͮ͗͞T̻͖̫̩̱̙̩̞̰̒̾͆̉ͫ͌̚ ̥͉̺͑ͥ̐ͥͪ̊͟G̸̷̙͍̞̜͇͖̮̟̖͒ͩͮ̽̾O͓͌̎̅̓̀͜Ι͖O̜̦̰̘͚̖͍ͯ̈̌͜͝D̳̱̜͉͍̙̦̳̏ͣ̓͗̒̈́̚͘ ̷͇̄ͬͨ̿ͪͤͫ͟Ẅ̳́̂ͣ͂͝I̼̭̝ͨ̓̀T͕̥̳̖̐̏̍ͧ̑̉͆͡H̛͕̭ͭ̓̐ͭͦ ̷͉͇͔͔̗͈͂͛ͩC̶̛͎̒͊O̤͔̻̒ͫ̓͆̔M̴̗̤̎͋ͦ͘P̨̝͈̣̱͇̭̟̠ͣǓ̵̧̲̻̪̬̖̣̣̰̹̃͛ͦͬ̔ͮ̀T̘̥̖̒̐͂͟E̢͍̳̺̬͍͐̄̾̈́͝Rͫ̆ͦ̊ͬ͢҉̛̠̹̞S̴̢̫̦͕̘ͦ̃ͬͧͧͩ̄̎ ̶̬̋̈̀̓̽͒̈̓͟O̞̻̪̬̤̬͙ͣͬͦͪ͌͘͜H̭̝̝̼͐̐̏́̃̈̅̆͗ ̭̰̝̄̚͢M̡̠͇̅̔͋̚͟A̢͔͎̯͖ͤ̐̏̅Ṅ̙͔̥̣̳ͣ̈ͥͫ̾ ̦͙͇̣͎̯̜͖͋͋ͥͮ͠Iͬ̐ͯ̎̔͏͖̤̞͍̟̖͠ ̴̷̣̱̼̥̬̱̺̆̈̌̊Ą͔̝͚͋̓̃̓̍͑ͣ̈M̢͙̩̫͇̻͕ͦ̅̍̚͢͢ ̮̰̲̱͖̤̯̖̈́̿̎̂́̏ͪͮN͚̺̻̮̭̋ͩ͐͘O̔͂͐͏͝͏͔T̹̰͎̠͎͚̅͋́̚ ̴͖͖̮̔ͯͬ̔̊̚͠G̶̢̰̃̽̂Ι̟̗͓̩O̶͖̠̺̲͎̩͂̐̇͌ͤ̊ͣ̈̚Ι̻͈O͎͙̓̑ͭ͂̃̄͘D̞̩̳͓͚ͣ͌̈ͬ̇̒̒́̃͡͞ ̤͎̺͕̳̖̞̙̉ͪW͗̆̅ͦ͗ͯ̐҉̴̬̜̟̣͙̪͕̙͟Ỉ̸̳ͯ̏̍̈̾͜Ι̪̦̩̳̝Ṯ̨̻̩̯̦̭̥͍͊́H̢̢̟̖̭̟͕͎̩̗͛̑́̐ ̴͎̥̲͇̦̞͕̾̔͡C̢͉̣̻̣̣̼̜͓ͪ̂̇ͨỌ͇̺̖͔̫͉ͦ́M̰͈͊́ͯ͟P̡̻̼̹̻̹̙̯̩͛ͣͤͩ̆̈́̽ͫ́͠Ù̲͔̞͈̥͙̐̑T̞ͣ̓͑ͨ̃́̇̈͡E̴̙̪̘̲͉̖̺͉̍ͪ̿̚R̤̽̊͠S̅̊̀̐͏̡͍̙͙͈̥̪̰͢GARLIC GARKWEK
"You always think you're right!"
six and a half books.
Meowi
A 13 year old girl who runs faster than her older brothers
One is a superhero. The other is a command.
Mooove the fuck out my way 
Roll up her sleeve.
Don't do anything, just place a mirror in front of them and see as they squirm.

Open the door. Put in the elephant.  Close the door. 
An eagle
in formation
A Dell 
Because she couldn't take her husbands bullshit.
Cause you're always guardin' your wallet, guardin' your car, and guardin' your house. 
Because if they had four they'd be called chicken sedans!  
It's ass
European
Because they can't have land sections
Put him on fire.
Very syrias
Once your stack of Ottomans gets to a certain height it will fall over.
Because there are more birds on that side.
"Star wars episode IV a new" "Star wars episode IV a new who?" "Star wars episode IV a new whope" So bad that it's good?
The leaf, the Emo is too depressed to go outside. I saw this joke reposted so many times. I figured I'd mix it up a bit.
So she could say hello from the other side 
They wear Whoreshoes 
The radical left.
Azif
Tommy Hilfigeritout
An eskemo.....
Roommates
A condescending condescending
I'll tell you yesterday. 
Brusselsprouts 
America
Just Juan.
Because they are a-door-able.
Depends.
pregnant
Looks like we'll be short on sprouts this year...
A vote for Trump.
"Jaaaam,this is good"
A Toy-Yoda
It doesn't make sense, he and all his friends are always stuck in second gear
Because it was stapled to the raccoon I kicked.
The Wii hours of the morning.
They needed better anchor management.
Idk I'm voting trump
A boat.
They always take things the wrong way.
Because it was framed
I've never had a Garbanzo bean on my face before.
America
I heard he was diploid. (I'll show myself out...)
On the dotted line. *Revised from an earlier attempt.
She kept running away from the ball
Commutators
They never get old.
TUH KEELLUHHH!!!
Bock Goodale
The leaf, the rope stops the emo.
Don’t worry, he woke up 
Did you ever wonder why there are no dead penguins on the ice in Antarctica ? Wonder no more! It is a known fact that the penguin is a very ritualistic bird which lives an extremely ordered and complex life. The penguin is very committed to its family and will mate for life, as well as maintain a form of compassionate contact with its offspring throughout its life.  If a penguin is found dead on the ice surface, other members of the family and social circle have been known to dig holes in the ice, using their vestigial wings and beaks, until the hole is deep enough for the dead bird to be rolled into, and buried. The male penguins then gather in a circle around the grave and sing:   "Freeze a jolly good fellow... Freeze a jolly good fellow."
It scares the shit out of the dogs.
The Ex-Men.
One second mom, I'm coming!
A "two-weeker"
Order a Cosbypolitan cocktail 
Because B-shells are too small and D-shells are too big!
Their sextant!
Oh shit, some arsehole has got my pen.
Because of all the time they spent in the closet 
Because he looks like one.
ex-spearmints
Because America is never wrong.
Prov alone.
The divorced barbie is $399 because it comes with Ken's house, Ken's car, Ken's furniture, etc.
The truth may shock you.
Nun
No really. What is it?
A Paririst
Gets jalapeño business :D Edit: Sorry, I'm not sorry 
You never have to meet her father.
They understand coralations!
So the other one would also drive
On the dotted line.
Take away the "S"
Because he needed his space.
Just say neaux. 
He kneaded the dough.
Bombs
Eggs Benediction.
I'd tell you the rest, but I don't want to spoil the meat of the joke.
Because the cow has the udder
Two, exactly. One to hold your penis and one to turn the lightbulb. I mean,  .  I meant, one to hold the ladder and the other to turn your mother. The lightbulb. You know what I meant.
Because their mother was in a jam!
One is heavy, and one is a little lighter.
He's on a roll!
He's known for his deadpan delivery.
Auschwitz! That was close!
A Jew is a person who follows Judaism, and pizza is a food... I bet you expected a Holocaust joke. Jew thought wrong.
They changed the title to 'The Art of the Deal'
He moans, shakes, and spits on your back.
Saturday and Sundays. The others are weakdays
Hen shot first.
The remote falls out of his hand. 
Because I'd like to grind on you until you groan loudly and I have to replace you.
I wouldn't pay $200 to have a green lentil on my face.
He wax off everyday
So he'll only be the second worst president ever.
He only sold left wings.
Because yo mammas ass so fat it couldn't fit in 3D.
You only have to punch the information into a computer once.
They have a sad history of not finishing off races.
 Credit to 
The border.
The taste.
They couldn't see eye to eye
Because it's always spotted.
He wants to make America grate again.
Because 7 8 9 A
A dapper crapper
The girl who puts it there.
That was the most violent book I've ever read.
One is a good year, the other is a GREAT year
He got kilt.
Donald Trump.
A Giggloo.
It really just depends on how much cents it makes. 
That is   ultimate question.
One will help you and the other will help you be an asshole
Because it takes more than 35 patients to make a full set of teeth.
America.
You rub them the wrong way
Cancer
Because he is dead.
Via the psycho path.
Fruity pebbles 
He nuts and bolts.
The ghost of Christmas Pasteurisation.
The great Hootini
Occasionally (OK Asian Lee). 
Their parents.
There once were two priests, father Dick and father Ray. One day after a very long mass, the two priests decided to hit the showers, halfway through there showers the priests realized that there was no soap. So, father Ray says to Father dick "I have extra soap in my room, I'll go get some". So he leaves to fetch the soap and doesn't bother to get dressed because who would still be in the church at such a late hour?  So he comes back from his room with two bars of soap and is walking down the hall when suddenly he hears voices coming around the corner, so with his quick thinking he froze to the wall, stiff as a statue. The voices turned out to be that of three nuns, who, when saw him standing there like a statue stopped to look at and admire him complimenting at how realistic he looks and what a nice body he has. When suddenly one of the nuns reaches out and grabbed his penis. Startled, he dropped a bar of soap, with this the nun said "Oh look, a soap dispenser"!  Wanting to test the first nuns theory,the second nun reaches out and also grabs his penis, again he drops a bar of soap. With this the nun says "Yes it's true, it is a soap dispencer". Wanting to get her share of soap and excitement too, the third nun reaches out and grabs his penis. But nothing happended for he was all out of soap, so she goes on yanking and pulling his penis for the next few minutes until, to her delight, she squeals "Oh! Look, handcream!"
A chicken sedan.
If it had 4 it would be a chicken sedan
B Negative.
a fanta sea
They're both looking for a tight seal. 
It was mayhem.
That explains the sacrifices my parents had to make to pay my tuition
Nelson Candela
It can only go to the fuchsia.
A massagynist
As much people as is needed to screw that lightbulb.
A: A cello burns longer.
"Wall Mart workers of the world, unite!!"
"Because jokes are the white man's burden."
G-sus
The wheelchair.
Alien vs. Predator
Knock there who's knock?
Smoke.
you planet.
They always have pecans! (Read aloud)
Pull a fast one.
Attempted murder.
"Mitosis !"
Cause no matter what you do, there always seems to be a Clinton claiming to be "on your side" . . . 
Because he was getting chased by two assholes still drunk from St. Patrick's Day.
Not Oscar Pistorius.
They all have white vans
NCIS
Turnip
The more you twist them the harder they get.
Because they're nuts
They couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin
Because X Marx the spot.
A garbage truck
A jew found a dollar in a hole.
It only takes one nail to hang the picture.
£30 a week poorer.
Because someone said there was a "murder".  
It was a no buena My girlfriend is Mexican so I love Mexican jokes. Let me know if you have one!
"Because," he said, "the bun is the lowest form of pastry."
“Hey kid, want to buy some candy?”
Laminated 
Smirnoff ISIS
With a steak to the heart.
They both crustaceans
If they are thick, they have a hard time to rise
Like a glove.
There's one less drunk.
How do you want your wontons cooked?
You just boil the hell out of it!
Arabs
Amen
Not enough leg room!
Well, I guess it would be marshmadness
A orange tree.
When he stands next to your girlfriend and says her hair smells nice.
"Make it Tso's Number One."
Because you have to put Male or Female on the college application
One. Only ONE!! And do you know WHY it only takes ONE? Because no one else in this house knows HOW to change a light bulb. They don't even know the bulb is BURNED OUT. They would sit in this house in the dark for THREE DAYS before they figured it OUT. And once they figured it out they wouldn't be able to find the light bulbs despite the fact that they've been in the SAME CUPBOARD for the past SEVENTEEN YEARS. But if they did, by some miracle, actually find the light bulbs, TWO DAYS LATER the chair that they dragged from two rooms over to stand on to change the STUPID light bulb would STILL BE IN THE SAME SPOT!! AND UNDERNEATH IT WOULD BE THE CRUMPLED WRAPPER THE STUPID @*!#$% LIGHT BULBS CAME IN! WHY?! BECAUSE NO ONE IN THIS HOUSE EVER CARRIES OUT THE GARBAGE!! IT'S A WONDER WE HAVEN'T ALL SUFFOCATED FROM THE PILES OF GARBAGE THAT ARE 12 FEET DEEP THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE HOUSE. THE HOUSE!! IT WOULD TAKE AN ARMY TO CLEAN THIS ... what was the question again?
Two. Edit: lol it flaired accurately
Are you ready for the next episode?
I have no fucking eye deer.
Hide their money in their bible.
Everyone WANTS to be irish on st Patrick's day.
Batvirus ( stolen joke xD )
You wanna know why Indian Students are disliked abroad?? read on.....It was the first day of a school in USA and a new Indian student named Chandrasekhar Subramanian entered the fourth grade. The teacher said, "Let's begin by reviewing some American History. Who said 'Give me Liberty , or give me Death'?" She saw a sea of blank faces, except for Chandrasekhar, who had his hand up:?'Patrick Henry, 1775'he said. 'Very good! Who said 'Government of the People, by the People, for the People, shall not perish from the Earth?'' Again, no response except from Chandrasekhar. 'Abraham Lincoln, 1863' said Chandrasekhar. The teacher snapped at the class, 'Class, you should be ashamed. Chandrasekhar, who is new to our country, knows more about our history than you do.' She heard a loud whisper: 'F ___ the Indians,' 'Who said that?' she demanded. Chandrasekhar put his hand up. 'General Custer, 1862.' At that point, a student in the back said, 'I'm gonna puke.' The teacher glares around and asks 'All right! Now, who said that?' Again, Chandrasekhar says, 'George Bush to the Japanese Prime Minister, 1991.' Now furious, another student yells, 'Oh yeah? Suck this!' Chandrasekhar jumps out of his chair waving his hand and shouts to the teacher, 'Bill Clinton, to Monica Lewinsky,1997' Now with almost mob hysteria someone said 'You little shit. If you say anything else, I'll kill you.' Chandrasekhar frantically yells at the top of his voice, ' Michael Jackson to the child witnesses testifying against him, 2004.' The teacher fainted. And as the class gathered around the teacher on the floor, someone said, 'Oh shit, we're screwed!' And Chandrasekhar said quietly, 'I think it was Lehmann Brothers, November 4th, 2008'.
On the latest episode of "Celebrity Apprentice", Donald Trump fired himself! 
Johnny Braavos
They never have positive reviews.
Hey, watt's up ?
…One is a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean! (My husband groaned loudly when I told him this one, so I knew it was pretty good.)
A salted pretzel
None, that's what students are for.
Because he thought it wood look better!
Juan by Juan
Two. One to change it and one to yell "Ta-daa!" when he's done.
Man: How did you compromise with your wife? Husband: She came to me on her feet. Man: and what she said? Husband: i was down to bad and she said come out, i will not say you anything...
Because he's the Blade Runner.
When you run over a dog you don't have to go back and get the GoPro.
Because it was soda pressing.
The boyscout comes home from camp
My newt.
The steering wheel.
By giving each other a taste of their own venison
The Shuffle ... pack of wolves.
Poop. There, you happy?
Lean 3 shovels against the wall and tell him to take his pick.
He didn't work well with udders. 
Because they only wanted a little drama.
2 but how did they get in there?
Two-forty (use an Irish accent)...  It's two-farty
With a Cobang
None.  Happy saint Patricks Day!
Paddy O'Furniture
Because if there was one more, it'd be too farty.
Fucked Up
So they look like their mothers
A lickalotopus
My Alchemical Romance
Because one more would be "two-fahrty" 
Sham rock. 
Inbred
A tea-shirt. Please don't hurt me. 
Schooner than later.
We are trying to make America grate again!
The St. Patrick's Day Parade.
A Sandy Hook survivor.
To give him a chance to say something. 
A lepercon. (In honor of Saint Patrick's day.)
Michael Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmichael
239, because if there was 1 more it would be "Too Farty".
Because if it had 4 it would be a chicken sedan
In his prostatoe. 
No, they don't, but fuck one sheep...
Because they lactose!
Because his hose was in a different area code. 
So his friends could stop by and crack open a cold one.
A: Hitting your head on the lid of the coffin.
A Leper-Chaun
Answer coming Fall 2017.
They are experienced in running, stealing and shooting.
Aloha Snackbar!
Because all the slow ones are in jail.
It depends how hard you throw them.
A: The unemployment line
The Oral-Borealis
He got the shakes instead. 
Because she was a woman.
Dino-mate!
Gets jalapeno business
You would too if your name was WARRGELBLAFFENGAR!!!!!
... Well I want to start a beef jerky brand that mentions "Please jerk responsibly"
To say "hello from the otter side"
A πρ
Double jointed.
It's for foul balls!
Acne waits until you're 13.
A fat stripper actually gets to the polls.
Because not very many of them can dance.
They're both Veteran-Arians (wah wah)
A camera.
Def Leppard
I'm anything but.
A rice queen!
Because they're all dead
Because Americans value the freedom to exercise our rights. AMERICA, FUCK YEAH!!!
Ferrous Bueller's Day Off
You can't peanut butter your dick into someones ass
Because he is low energy.
"Make me one with everything." 
Because sex sells!
Gorilla Warfare.
The country!
Because they lactose.
Kilometery Cyrus
Because I already reddit
Because the marketing department cuts itself.
Bill has had sex in the White House.
America
Adolf-in
KIWIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!
Remove only the top 1% please.
Crossfit
Because the land never waves back.
Because they work.
Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
They both have an equal chance of winning the Democratic nomination.
Downton Syndrome
Bear with me...
They're an anti de-present.
It's revolutionary
They`re both dead and black. 
the Trumpet
Mozarts' Flute in A minor
A killer whale.
Because they like it under-aged.
Juan
Love.
The digestive system
He was ex-cargo.
You have to drop the bomb twice before they get the message.
Because he forgot to check his blind side.
How can they do that?! They haven't released a fourth!
By going underground
Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out a window.
A 'fucking' nightmare.
Because he's run more buildings into the ground than Al-Qaeda.
ground beef
The vacuum cleaner has the dirtbag on the inside.
Fryday.
Meat again soon. Nice buns by the way (Lettuce keep that between us).
cause he could nazi
"Nin, ten,  " ....I'll leave now.
Your PUN-unciation
Egypt me!
flip-flops
On Whose Line is it Anyway,   is made up.
Whaaat __ You don't know Lee? Pleasant chap, though he doesn't fancy being compared to a butt.
Go ask your mother Courtesy of a hot dog vendor in Atlanta
Slipnoot.
I spy.
The leaf. The rope stopped the emo.
Because they're fucking assholes ! 
An elaborate fantasy in which she is in prison and tries to escape by chewing through the bars of her cell.
Uncle Ben's
A husband and a wife sit at the table, having dinner. The woman drops a bit of tomato sauce on her white top. "Och, I look like a pig!" The man nods, "And you dropped tomato sauce on your top!" hAHAHAHAHA
FULL!!
Woman: Is there a problem, Officer? Officer: Ma'am, you were speeding. Woman: Oh, I see. Officer: Can I see your license please? Woman: I'd give it to you but I don't have one. Officer: Don't have one? Woman: Lost it 4 times for drunk driving. Officer: I see...Can I see your vehicle registration papers please. Woman: I can't do that. Officer: Why not? Woman: I stole this car. Officer: Stole it? Woman: Yes, and I killed and hacked up the owner. Officer: You what? Woman: His body parts are in plastic bags in the trunk if you want to see. The Officer looks at the woman, slowly backs away to his car, and calls for back up. Within minutes 5 police cars circle the car. A senior officer slowly approaches the car, clasping his half drawn gun. Officer 2: Ma'am, could you step out of your vehicle please! The woman steps out of her vehicle. Woman: Is there a problem sir? Officer 2: One of my officers told me that you have stolen this car and murdered the owner. Woman: Murdered the owner? Officer 2: Yes, could you please open the trunk of your car, please. The woman opens the trunk, revealing nothing but an empty trunk. Officer 2: Is this your car, ma'am? Woman: Yes, here are the registration papers. The first officer is stunned. Officer 2: One of my officers claims that you do not have a driving license. The woman digs into her handbag and pulls out a clutch purse and hands it to the officer. The officer snaps open the clutch purse and examines the license. He looks quite puzzled. Officer 2: Thank you ma'am, one of my officers told me you didn't have a license, that you stole this car, and that you murdered and hacked up the owner. Woman: Betcha the lying bastard told you I was speeding too. 
Mao
Because they hate black, people!!!
It sounds like you have a reptile dysfunction.
A: Because 36 would be too many.
Sandals in the Bin
Because they kept saying, "Bach, Bach, Bach, Bach"
They take the buzz
Muffin 
Sperm have a 1 in 3,000,000 chance to become a human being.
Def Leppard
Pi(e)
The first one goes "AAAAHHHHHHHH" and then goes 'Blam!'  The other one goes 'Blam!' and then goes "AAARRGGGHHHHHHH"
An elephant.
A worldwide survey was conducted by the UN. The only question asked was: "Would you please give your honest opinion about solutions to the food shortage in the rest of the world?" The survey was a huge failure. In Africa they didn't know what "food" meant. In Eastern Europe they didn't know what "honest" meant. In Western Europe they didn't know what "shortage" meant. In China they didn't know what "opinion" meant. In the Middle East they didn't know what "solution" meant. In South America they didn't know what "please" meant. And in the USA they didn't know what "the rest of the world" meant.
Fromage
A meowntain.
Not-sees
They're both back at it again with the white vans.
Diet Coke.
On charges of "impersonating a police officer".
The condom broke
Bison.
The moon
Trump-et
The kind with the fruit on the bottom.
God demi
With a vaccuum, the dirtbag's on the inside!
The Spanish Inquisition.
Tear gas! (Written by my 9 yr old son)
Not enough cement 
Depends on what tune the Devil happens to be playing. Ha. Ha ha. Ha ha ha.
K9P
You'll lost 30£ for only $42.82! Guaranteed.
A Dairy Queen
The leaf. The rope stopped the emo. 
"You're Cruz'n for a bruising".
I don't think it'll fit in that ass.
[removed]
My dick.
Krav MAGA
A religion drinks wine and a cult drinks Kool-Aid.
It was on paws
You see, firetrucks have 4 wheels,  can carry 8 men and 4+ 8 = 12. There are 12 inches in a ruler and Queen Elizabeth was a ruler. There was once a ship named Elizabeth that sailed the seas. Fish live in the seas and fish have fins. People from Finland are called Fins. Finland and Russia had a war a long time ago. Russia has red on its flag and that's why they're red. Cause they're always russian around.
Because the punchline kills.
Pies are round
A Mosqueato.
[removed]
They're old, promise you free shit and are red! 
"The kinky guy uses the feather but the pervert uses the whole chicken" As told to me by the old guy who sat next to me on the plane
I heard the   were great!
She had no arms. Knock Knock. Who's there? Not Sally
szechuan
The front row of a Trump rally.
He was a dicktater.
They know how to tuck away junk.
Me neither.
A four-chin teller
"How did I get these simple questions wrong! I am so irrational!"
Cause she was a cunt. (Courtesy of my little brother.)
The tricera-hops
They're both X-Men.
Your funding revoked by the ethics board.
Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out a window.
Because it borrows the one and never gives it back.
It was making him Moody
The Protocols of Zion, apparently.
He came in when it started to rain.
Lime.
Pop Quiz
They got 6 months each.
It wasn't his type.
It Hertz
By his coffin!
Dust Bunny
Because the condition was untweetable.
Your mom can't take a joke.
They both say insert Bill here
Prova I just came up with that and feel pretty proud (:
Juan.
Children who died at a young age. 
Back on crack
Because he doesn't do cardio.
American
The passengers and crew were marooned.
Cops
Bing, bing, bing... (Source: The Daily Show, by Trevor Noah)
LSD doesn't need to be drunk to hit me.
Kids.
B-52...F-16...B-1.. 
A doctor.
Rape.
Flatbush. 
He TANKED his campaign!
Organized crime!
Pay her and she'll speak to you about it.
Because the signs all say "No TRESpassing"
Its what you get when you put water on my mixtape
No they'll just go to pop!
The Black Lives Matter movement.
They have a large following!
Peter parkour.
Sorry
Beef Jerky
A beggar has retained his integrity.
It's full of trans fats.
They need all the preservatives they can get.
Because they lac-tose!
A French press
because they get lost at C!
The chewy center.
A rug hooker. 
it's full of shit
He's too cocky.
He could NOT SEE.
It's their knees that go first.
We know where   live, your family too!
Because he Toots Uncommon. 
Nun
Urine trouble!
A Buddha Pest. 
"You're two shellfish."
K9P
He wants to put the Dick back in Tater. 
They would have discovered Penicil(e )
He finishes her drink EDIT: Apparently this is Conan's joke, so all credit goes to him. I just heard it from a friend of mine and I had no idea.
Forwards
What's it like?
Three Fifths
He was inSOLEvent
Run Berry, run!
So they can look like their mother.
No, but lemon curd.
Poland
Chairnobyl.
Coles.
Piece of cake.
Wrap it around a tree
A dead panda!
You just gotta apply yourself.
Fruit of the tomb
One, but only if the lightbulb really   to change.
A pilot, you racist fuck!
I hear he ate her pussy.
I give a shit when my computer crashes
It wastes your time and you walk away with either tears or a slight chuckle.
Wave
Not Zealand.
Because she...let it go!
Look a squirrel!
Broke back-mounting. 
A computer will accept a 3 1/2 inch floppy. 
Ned Flanders
Rick Grimes has two I's....
He looked a little blue
Have you ever tried pulling a grilled cheese apart?
jahbless
Because she said so and that's final.
Paul Walker only crashed once.
He saw his gas bill!
He couldn't get the saddest fraction.
Only juan.
The unbearable lengths one man will go to get his revenge and win an Oscar.
A Golden Retriever can sing better.
A no-see-doe
Toby or not Toby
It's way cheaper to have a garbanzo bean on your face.
To the moooovie night.
Pho fo' fo' at fo'
[deleted]
They might give you Hi-V back!
In the cunt-tree.
Piss Perfect.
At the Nelson Mandeli.
An outlet
Because with one sense gone they taste really good.  Sorry, that was wrong... they taste really well.
It's great!  It's called "YOU SHALL NOT PASS"
Artificial intelligence.
It was falafel.
"Leeeeeetttttssss get rrrrrrrrrready to Buuuuuuummmmmmmmmmbbbbbbllllllleeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!"
One of them is a swift tailor.
A webdesigner
-No. -They haven't tried it either.
Don't know but April May...
To get to the other side!
You must not bring either to the movies.
It's too mainstream
Please help. There are ten so far and they have invited their gross friends to our home. They are using the broken lightbulb to smoke crack off of.
a sweater
Because he got there before the hare.
"Hey,  watch how far I can kick this bucket!"
Because you take it off and wonder where their tits went.
Because he didn't get arrays.
An Invader.
Cause Sheeran.
Because he's Baroque.
Dance moves.
Call her next week. 
An Astronaut you fucking racist.
Decaffeinated coffee.
You brown it on one side
Land Ho!
Me neither.
'Cause #FeelTheBern would be bad for business.
Arrows con Pollo
Sean Bean
Apocalypse Later
A man will spend half an hour looking for a golf ball.
M'old.
one day a farmer who can talk to animals walked up to a cow, he said to the cow"Give me your milk", but the cow did not answer he repeated multiple times but the cow still didn't answer finally he gave up and said"why am i talking to you cows are stupid." He siad and walked away and the cow kicked him and said"You ain't getting none of my milk" and laughed at the farmer, the farmer went to hide and cry.the next day he gave the cow to the butcher who the cow also kicked and laughed at.
A smoothbore.
Snowballs!
Because he had bad pickups
The Fluffernutter.
A Pedrophile
To get to the other side.
He said to his friend, "Jay, R, R you Tolkein to me?"
Because she had no arms!  . . . . . . . . Knock Knock Who's there? Not Sarah. 
Because he got an award for revvin' it.
One's a busty crustacean and the others a crusty bus station.. 
Nurse.
Plane English. 
Because he was outstanding in his field.
Because he's in a cent.
How do you pick up anything with that?
One, you asshole.
Eric Clapton would never let an 8-ball fall out the window!
They aren'tt tolerated on thsi subredit
The older they get the easier they are to pick up. 
I had one of those, except I didn't wake up after I hit the ground.
Windows 10.
A doctor.
A Zimmer frame
DMV.
Because he finally got it﻿
Super Cyan
By dropping out now.
Jeeper creeper!
It's near Uranus..
A Web Designer
They spread for the bread
A pilot, you racist piece of shit.
My wife and I had differing opinions on this. (One dad joke style and one completely non-pc) Looking forward to hearing from the masses. Edit: because apparently everyone wants the answer to the joke and nobody can think for themselves.  I said : "coffee gets a bad rep because it's black" She said : "it gets mud everywhere" Yes it's a bad joke. I'm sorry 
I'm bacon.
Because it has little legs. 
Pro biotics and a healthy amount of fiber.
Hudyaget Dat-Bollocov
Because it is worth it.. 
For shits n' giggles.
One no-Trump. Literally a Dad joke. From my literal Dad.
Because so did Satan.
"You're likeable"
Justin Case
Cuz Winterfell and it can't get up! :P
A moment of silence...
So the deaf can enjoy them too.
Fistfully conservative!
Cause they lactose.
Probably.
N-Gauge.
The watery stools
Old habits die hard
I wouldn't pay $600 to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
On foot, how else?  JK Rowling
A 13 year old girl who runs faster than her older brothers.
Smiles Edgeworth
Himshey's chocolate...
With Al-Gore-rithims
West wing
It's been censored there.
A wet nose
Exactly...
I heard it was an assacre 
Well, there is a vas deferens. 
He had to disband the group because he couldn't raise enough members.
Juan by Jaun
None, they're all screwed.
Not much, but in Flint they are both regular and unleaded
Twinkies can cause a national upset.
Because they've already been roasted. 
I call it the British open. 
There was too much seamen.
A Roman Catholic
BOOM!
Find out next time on DRAGON BALL Z KAI!
Because her head and shoulders were on the dashboard.
Kermit the frogs middle finger
Web design.
Look at her arm.
As if she's going to lay there and be swayed by some new buck.
Half a cat.
Right where you left him
Black
The hooker can wash their crack and sell it again
PIece of cake.
Society.
Tiger Woods has a better driver.
Word of mouse.
A pleasant erection
Viet-nom nom nom nom nom.
Make a Wish Foundation
Because he is dead
We don't know; she hasn't opened her presents yet.
Everything's gonna be all white.
Because they work on so many levels
It becomes a bitfit
Thief: They steal your money then run Politician: They run and then steal your money
Because of the lethal gas bill.
When they put both their hands on your shoulders but keep searching
Fullest House. Then, Get Out of My House
Vladimir Lenin dab
The flag is a big plus.
It's because their knee grows.
Tell him drinks are on the house.
I'll be Bach.
Because 7 is a registered 6 offender
Face muscles.
Gmail
. . . . . . . .. . . . . good timing
Cuz their knee grows. 
There was a small medium at large!
Leave it alone with a horny Beagle for 5 minutes.
Give it one leg and make it run across Canada
Because it has periods
A four-chin teller.
White Nudes Matter!
Because he had no  .
Carpet bombing.
Because he kneaded a poo.
Nothing. Cats don't freaking talk.
The Blacks get car insurance.
Just one. He holds it up and the world revolves around him
Every time you see one, it's already been broken in half.
A ewe-nicycle
no less than 2. some one has to drive the pink cadilac
Over 20, as my basement is still dark.
They've both got a little ass
He's always nailed to the boards....
Because Michael Douglas starred in "Double Jeopardy" in 1999.
His teeth, his eyes, his nails, his palms and...his owner!
A vast matey.
O'LAMACARE!!!!!
Fucking pedophiles.
No matter how hard God looked, he could not find three wise men or a virgin anywhere in Mexico
He was a cereal rapist
So men can remember them!
He is short handed
To get the aids.
Half Calf
"I never bereaved her anyways."
Juice.  
Nothing. They're both on Reddit EVERY FUCKING DAY.
I'm PC2!
Addadictomy
Mainly, the taste.
There was no bikini atoll
They are both at the bottom of the ocean full of seamen.
I wouldn't pay 300 dollars to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
Because he really kneaded the dough. (please forgive me for that awful pun)
Trump
Watching the soft spot move.
Adobe Wan Kenobi.
In BATteries
In his buccaneer.
I've never had a lentil all over my chest.
Cause he doesn't like Cruz...
A triathlete doesn't go both ways.
Because everybody who can run, jump and swim are already in the U.S.
Fingerprints.
Donald Trump can make God great again. However, God has no such power!
Having a democratic debate in a city that was destroyed by over 50 years of democratic rule.
They don't know where home is. 
Who dies first? No one cares. :/
A HORNY TOAD!
He was having a midlife crisis.
Your mum.
"I'm having a movement"
Because his home was a maze thing.
Dr. Dre
A condescending con descending.
The Ethiopian chicken
A nun working in a condom factory thinking she's making sleeping bags for mice.
The abortion.
STUDENT: Sir, can I ask a question? TEACHER: Yes! STUDENT: How do you put an elephant inside a fridge? TEACHER: I don't know. STUDENT: It's easy, you just open the fridge and put it in. I have another question! TEACHER: Ok, ask. STUDENT: How to put a donkey inside the fridge? TEACHER: It's easy, you just open the fridge and put it in. STUDENT: No sir, You just open the fridge take out the elephant and put it in. TEACHER: Ooh...ok!! STUDENT: Let me ask another one. If all the animals went to the lion's birthday party, and one animal went missing which one would it be? TEACHER: The lion of course! Because it would eat all the animals. STUDENT: No sir, it is the donkey because it's still inside the fridge. TEACHER: Are you kidding me? STUDENT: No sir, 1 last question. TEACHER: Ok! STUDENT: If there's a river full of crocodiles and you wanted to cross, how would you? TEACHER: There's no way, I would need a boat to cross. STUDENT: No sir, you just swim and cross it because all the animals went to the lion's birthday party.
A gingerbreadmon.
You tape a loaf of bread to the ceiling 
What was Jehova accused of?
because he's a transparent.
Because the last one to have a dream got shot.
Are you serious? I could give you a mouthful.
One is a cunning array of stunts!
Because orange is the new black.
All that salt must make them thirsty.
You planet, i'll leave now
A Meanderthal.
JOHN CENA!! I'm sorry.
-No. *But why? -Four reasons: -Number one you are drunk. -Number two this is a funeral. -Number three you don't dance the Ave Maria. -And number four I'm no sugar tits, I'm the priest.
Nigeria
A crush crush
Answer: thedust
A fine case of herpes.
Dora the EXPLODER
Because he wanted to get-a-long-little-doggy
First Lady's man (;
More like "these-are-hard-to-openios"
America.
Because if he was bad he'd be a CANTdidate.
They will both ruin your meat. 
It's intents
His pants fit him like a glove.
Backstreets BAC
Telling your parents you're gay.
 He had a Caesar.
Tobaccio
Jeffrey Epstein.
Extroversion
Because a lot of them are in schools.
Because they don't swim in pairs. Are there two of those fish? Nahhh.
Because i bomb the pussy
... it's the one that's jalapeño business!!!
Just two, but they'd have to be really small.
Muscle tone deaf.
By how often he ripostes.
Strait
You got six cookies and five of them is gluten free.
The bull has the horns in the front and the asshole in the back.
Objects may appear larger when being held.
He was petrified.
None, let the bitch cook in the dark.
One to screw it in and nine to write on their blogs about how enlightening the experiment was.
It was a bone-chilling story. 
It's in the tank.
I love you so much, my head could explode!
Whenever they get upset, they cry their eyes out. 
Le meow
He broke his nose.
Because you make my hotdog stand
Psychic-delic.
When I find you, well, you'll be sorry!
A barista. Because they're only good for making coffee. 
How long IS a chinaman
By conducting a   meeting with every Juan of them.
A father's daughter brought home her prospective fiancee It was the first time he'd met him and he took the opportunity to quiz him a bit "So, what do you do for a living?" he asked "I have no job" he replied "Really? Well how do you expect to provide for my daughter?" "God will provide, I'm sure" was the answer from the intended "And how exactly will he do that then?" "God is merciful and will ensure we do not want" he said with all sincerity "And how about if you have kids? Who looks after you then?" "God will ensure he provides bounty for the whole family" "OK, so you say, but exactly how will God provide this?" "I don't know yet. God will move in his own mysterious ways" At this point, the father gives up and leaves the house fuming, heading straight for the bar. there he meets his friend Dave who asks, "What's up friend? You seem troubled" "Well, I've just met my girl's new fiancé" "Oh man, bad news?" "Well, on the plus side, he does at least seem to think I'm God..." 
I guess we're just on different ends of the spectrum.
Hyperpretentious
Welcome
They don't.
They all want either pees, peace or peas in the middle east. 
   Because there's mighty phat loot and booty ta be pillagin' and plunderin', matey.
She was feelin' the Bern!
All of them. One to hold the bulb and the rest to screw the world.
HDMI
He was outstanding in his field.
Because if they fell forward, they'd still be in the boat.
Twitzerland.
A rental car can drive anywhere.
Beets me.
An Ash-hole.
A $100 bill makes change
According to Lewinsky... Happy Employee Appreciation Day!
How, are you?
Aushwitz
Nothing Really Mattress. They only sell queen size. 
Orange is the new Black
Yaba-daba-doooo me in the butt (Sorry this is god awful)
Just leave it...ill be back tomorrow.
Uzbekistan!
No  room
Tsunderetale
Poverty
Boogers.  This isn't a joke. Ted Cruz eats his boogers. 
They're big enough to run around in.
Show off his erection.
CCTV
A midwife crisis.
They end up in a custardy battle.
Sunny Corleone!
Because love means nothing to them.
A car can finish a race
A dell
Orange Is The New Black!
concentrated jews
Progress
When I'm low on transmission fluid.
Because he was cremated
You have perfect eyesight.
0mg
The Holocaust
Yet another great time interrupted by a period.
By completely ignoring, these are only campaign promises.
To shitpost "DAE hate Trump and Hillary?"
Juan by Juan. 
He's a party pooper!
Heard this from a friend who probably heard it from a Facebook friend who probably got it from reddit. So if it's a repost... go make a sandwich.
An emo-g 🙇
I was going to google it, but I was worried it wouldn't account for inflation.
No more 
Undy-terd.
One that smells like a snow man.
A condescending con descending
A word of truth.
Well, they both suck and have trouble moving forward, but at least the vacuum has a handle on it.
He signed a naan-compete.
Keep the change
A nun doing squats in a cucumber field. 
I mean, he IS quite the ass..
Bye Bye Bernie!
Vodka
It's a game the whole family can enjoy!
They both have Kurds in their way.
I've never had a garbanzo on my chest
Thanks for the sleeping bags
America.
You look for Fresh Prince
Orange Jews
It was homophonic.
Pullover
A Cruz missile. 
Fuck her.
11 Because it has another 1
Another Juan
Nothing. They are both just waiting for the first period to be over.
suckerberg
Head to head race 
"This isn't just a campaign, this is a political  "
Jack Daniels 
He was at Rubio's house and was worried he'd get Cruzed.
Donald Trump's shoes
Acumen.
I dunno but it's probably the reason for their low birth rates.
They can't fit their butts in the ashtray
It was coffin
Crude Oil.
Peter Parkinsons
"Are you going to be staying for dinner or eating out?"
Aye Matey!
You can keep the tip
Crippling debt! It's funny because he can't walk anymore!
A black guy
Wat-heirlooms.
Wasabi 
I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face.
Ye would think it be Arrr(R) but its the Sea(C)!
Because it was Na HA! Get it? Because Na=sodium and N/A=not available. Seriously, this is good clean fun. 
So the white flag can be visible from Berlin. Sorry :P .
Rubio Tuesdays
Netflix and Krill
The library, because it has the most stories. 
Wee paws for station identification.
"Let's make Germany great again"
Gets jalapeño business.
MY LEGS! OH GOD, HE'S EATING MY LEGS! AAAAARGGHH!
"Mother fucker."
It's two tired.
Anybody who creates an account to post has to be lurking long enough to see the same jokes posted before. How come so many jokes are repeated? Is that a running inside joke itself?
Teacher: I don't know can you? Student: Well, let's check... 
Because they can't reach the high notes. Bonus: how does dwarves communicate?  Smalltalk. 
Reaching around and pretending it went all the way through. 
Apparently he was a great pitcher-taker. (Credit goes to my husband.)
Well I can tell you its Not C... and Not Z for sure Just thought of this lol (the not C part)   .... thought of not z...
You'd think it would be "R" but the "C" be the only one for me
Don't pay her.
You can't top a good pizza joke.
Blue paint.
America.
Dear Sir/Ma'am We are cutting your internet connection due to the following reasons:
We wouldn't have to pay her as much.
He doesn't. He hires people with long fingers to do it for him.
The head researcher was quoted as saying "it turned out to be just as we expected".
He lies awake all night wondering if there's a Dog.
Math Salts.
They always travel and their stealing attempts end up failing.
Logger-rhythms.
Poe: Nah, BB-8.
Nancy from New York.
Because they were 50% off!
He was lack toes and toddler ant
Straight Outta Carton.
Ctrl+P
Fingerprints
Dress up like my professors, they barely cover anything important. 
No matter who wins, the city will be destroyed.
He sure made a mint.
It's given him a great cult following 
Preparation H!
Obviously more than 6 million...
Simon 16
RIP in box
It's the only race that he hasn't offended yet.
1 or 2 ? 1... or 2...
Difficult
Dress her like an altar boy
He was worried about the euthanasia...
Nasshole.
Someone is loosing a trailer.
I guess he was shot through the heart
With an iethberg.
MICHAEL BAY LEAF
So they can stand closer to the kitchen counter.
vegetables.
Addadictomy
Bilingual.
Discrimination 
Herr Kutz (This was funnier when I was half asleep this morning)
Julio
The first one saves people from criminals, while the latter saves criminals from the people.
He's Snowden. 
During one of his campaign trips Donald Trump is visiting an elementary school and goes into one of the classes. They are in the middle of a discussion related to words and their meanings. The teacher asks Mr. Trump if he would like to lead the discussion of the word “Tragedy.”  So he asks the class for an example of a tragedy. One little boy stands up and offers: “If my best friend who lives on a farm, is playing in the field and a runaway tractor comes along and knocks him dead, that would be a tragedy.” “No,” says Mr. Trump, “that would be an accident.” A little girl raises her hand: “If a school bus carrying 50 children drove over a cliff, killing everyone inside, that would be a tragedy.” “I’m afraid not,” explains the exalted businessman. “That’s what we would call a great loss.” The room goes silent. No other children volunteer.  Mr. Trump searches the room. “Isn’t there someone here who can give me an example of a tragedy?” Finally at the back of the room, a boy raises his hand. In a quiet voice he says: “If a private jet carrying you was struck by a missile and blown to smithereens, that would be a tragedy.” “Fantastic!” exclaims Mr. Trump, “That’s absolutely right. And can you tell me why that would be a tragedy?” “Well,” says the boy, “because it wouldn’t be a great loss and it probably wouldn’t be an accident either.”
Wife: Would you please call our children by their real names.
An interracial home abortion. 
They say he fears the wurst
I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face.
A Carabiner
An irrelephant.
Because his first name is Morgan and his last name is Freeman
A groaner.
Dried red paint
A very young teenager, prepared to leave for school, on her very first day; and this is the mother instructions and warning to her; MOTHER: daughter, when you get to school, be very careful, with male student, always sit like a lady and never allow anyone to see your underwear(pant). DAUGTHER: yes mum. Later that day, at noon, the girl returned with so much excitement, and from afar, she started screaming; DAUGTHER: mum! mum!! mum!!! I got you a gift.. the mother out of excitement too, rushed out to receive her daughter, but she saw bag with unknown items with the daughter; MOTHER; what bag is that? DAUGTHER: mum, the nylon contains ripe mango MOTHER(exclaimed): where did you plough all this? DAUGHTER(explains):while in my way home, my friends and I saw ripe mango trees and we decided to climb and plough as many for us and for our parents, which I knew you would like. MOTHER(angrily): haven't I warned you, not to climb a tree as a girl, especially around male student, do you want them to see your pant? DAUGHTER(smiles, showing the mum the pant, in her school bag): she replied, mum, I am aware, that climbing the tree with my pant on, will make everyone see my pant, so I decided to remove it, kept it, in my school bag. So no one saw my pant mum....
Quornography.
I sided with cancer on the "Kids VS Cancer" page.
Repeatedly.
Beer nuts are $3.99 and deer nuts are under a buck.
Fight for your right to padre
An Erectangle
Because they don't have attachments!
None because only beavers give a dam.
Because it was baked. 
Berni Sanders seems to have been like a bad gift: it's the thought that counts.  80% voted against him in SC, he will be destroyed tomorrow, and estimates show he won't even get half of the delegates Hillary will. Furthermore, even if he were to magically win, the House, Senate and Supreme Court would block his most drastic ideas, making it them simply "food for thought" but not actual thoughts for implementation. Thank you very much.
Boyfriend: How is my guitar skill? Girlfriend: You should be on TV for your talent. Boyfriend: Am I so good? Girlfriend: If you were on TV, I can at least switch it off. Mystic Castle will come soon，come to play and explore!
It always comes with the bill.
A decomposer.
Gross
Missouri 
Because they're meteor
Because he is a Toupéer
A demominator.  What do you call his fellow classmate who gets rid of the bodies? A mathmortician. Credit goes to my sister who came up with these today.
Whale-Kin
One that gets you an oscar
February... because it has the least number of days
Because they were secretly saying "Heil Wichser!"
"You better amphi-BE-ON your best behavior."
It's a polarizing topic.
Because they always steal the show.
Becuase atomic bombs are bright.
Bowling
Blackpeoplemeat.com
Because he was inuit to win it
Check his spirit level. 
He was assaulted.
One is against the law and the other is a sick bird
A lot of people think three bushes is one bush too many.
He finally got it!﻿
Both are all mouth and no balls.
A neurosturgeon 
Cause he just got it!
Less than a Birdie Bundle, I assure you!
You rub its cituris.
Two, but you have to get them in there first.
Anywhere else it would've been the "teethbrush"
Because he finally got it!
Give them a dirty tampon and ask them what period is this from.
Not Titanic
A Jew and a Pollock are in a rainstorm... That's all I know and I've been dying to find out the rest. Anybody have any ideas?
Consent
PG-13
None! The room's been dark ever since José got deported!
A lot of people think three bushes is one bush too many.
Orange Is The New Black
Acne doesn't come on your face until you're twelve
Edifice Rex
Reddit
They both barely cover an asshole. 
Pizza doesn't scream when it goes into the oven.
Jose and Hose "B."
Fortran
Yeah, if he's a billionaire to begin with..
Because you can't stump the Trump.
Don't pay her enough
A woman born on February 29th 1996.
Rolaids!
A lox-smith
They love people who can't see straight!
Pizza jokes can't be topped! :D
You're a peon.
Your two favorite flavors plus strawberry
Because they discuss tings.
Both say Please insert Bill.
The European Commission has just announced an agreement whereby English will be the official language of the European Union rather than German, which was the other possibility.  As part of the negotiations, the British Government conceded that English spelling had some room for improvement and has accepted a 5- year phase-in plan that would become known as "Euro-English".  In the first year, "s" will replace the soft "c". Sertainly, this will make the sivil servants jump with joy. The hard "c" will be dropped in favour of "k". This should klear up konfusion, and keyboards kan have one less letter. There will be growing publik enthusiasm in the sekond year when the troublesome "ph" will be replaced with "f". This will make words like fotograf 20% shorter.  In the 3rd year, publik akseptanse of the new spelling kan be expekted to reach the stage where more komplikated changes are possible. Governments will enkourage the removal of double letters which have always ben a deterent to akurate speling.  Also, al wil agre that the horibl mes of the silent "e" in the languag is disgrasful and it should go away.  By the 4th yer peopl wil be reseptiv to steps such as replasing "th" with "z" and "w" with "v".  During ze fifz yer, ze unesesary "o" kan be dropd from vords kontaining "ou" and after ziz fifz yer, ve vil hav a reil sensi bl riten styl.  Zer vil be no mor trubl or difikultis and evrivun vil find it ezi TU understand ech oza. Ze drem of a united urop vil finali kum tru.  Und efter ze fifz yer, ve vil al be speking German like zey vunted in ze forst plas.
Flank
Because her teeth are too fake and big
Only one, but the light bulb should be willing to change.
Denim Denim Denim
Wipe it off.
When the coast is queer.
I'm 
Pan Nick at the Disc Co.
Overcooked
maybe never but Bernie sanders lost big time in the primary today. 
They are the wurst.
Because they are always streaming.
The cemetery; people are just dying to get in
Zero.
Do you even Lyft bro? (I'll see myself out)
A jewish girl and a man walks into a bar. They hit it off and the man asks for the girls number. She lifts her sleeve.
On Death's drawer. 
The Cheetahs!
It hasn't come out yet.
A Jewish girl and a man meet in a bar. They hit it off and the man asks for the girls number. The girl lifts up her sleeve.
Honey I'll be home in 20 minutes.
Dark humor
When they're still running pieces on Hillary Clinton.
His dick tastes like shit.
Because he hates capitalism.
It turned into a hexagon.
It's an accident if a boat full of refugees starts to take in water.  A catastrophe is if they know how to swim
Swiping and wiping.
The balls are for decoration!!! :) <3 Source:Αρκάς
....Dr Dre.
a Latter-day taint!
M'lasia
After the incident, he could only tres.
A-sians
The Tyler Creator
Because you never know when you're going to need some boiling water.
 
Because communists believe all proper tea is theft.
Whose Rhine Is It Anyway?
Possesion.
Raymond
A worm hole
Spotafly.
You put a guitar in his hands.
Unknown
The Spanish Inquisition.
He's all right now.
It's because two Wongs don't make a white.
Because he's black.
abalonely
A Cucumber...
Current events
"Seacrest out!" "Seacrest in!" "Seacrest out!" "Seacrest in!"
Pachydermatologists
The braille left her lips numb.
Coming...ready or not.
I don't know, and I don't care.
A misteak.
They both have white vans
Or was Snoop Lyin'? Edit: Just in case the king sees this, I got mad respect for you Dogg. Smoke weed everyday.  (His grandmother passed away recently, I'm just trying to be nice people.)
Christie wants the highest cabinet position possible because he knows - the higher cabinet is where they keep all the cookies!
A Charitard.
The dad tells him to go ask the rest of his family if they’d sleep with Brad Pitt for a million dollars, and then he’d tell him the answer. The boy goes up to his mom and asks her. She responds, “A million dollars is a lot of money sweetheart. I could send you, your sister, and your brother to great colleges, so sure, I would!” He then goes and asks his sister to which she replies, “Brad Pitt? Hell ya, he’s the hottest guy ever!” Next, the boy asks his brother who replies, “A million dollars? Hell yes I would. I’d be rich!” When the boy excitedly returns to his dad with the family’s responses, the dad says, “Well son, potentially, we have three million dollars. Realistically, we have two sluts and a queer.” 
chlamydia
I'm looking for food for my human centipede...
... It's hard to see.
Apos-trophies
I ain't got cats in my bank account.
Dress her up as an altar boy.
"Bad Habits Die Hard."
Her saying "I drink it black, like my men"
Depends on how hard you throw them
A Wurst-Käse Scenario
A Mechanical Engineer makes weapons, a Civil Engineer makes targets. 
Salontro
Because he stays low key
It's period is a little LATTE.
Rave at the party.
Nice belt. 
It was a sticky situation.
My credit card bill.
A first order reaction
L. Which stands for "Lots of Money".
Fermenting yeast!
Because during sex they're plugged into a fucking know-it-all!
Personally I'd rather have parkinsons, cos I'd rather have half a pint than forget where I've put it!
Because he didn't get it.
A Trump stump!
In case they didn't want to come back.
A pickpocket snatches watches.
A: Some asshole brings 'em in.
A small medium at large. 
unplucked
I'm dreamin' of a white Christmas 
It's really making waves.
Convincing the sound to get into your van.
It's a rough crowd  ...Ba da bum chssh
Because it was first cum first serve.
They can't even
You tell her that her smile is contagious.
You lookin to get whacked?
In loving memory of all the faces that have been buried there.
Because they'll get sand in their Schlitz.
He found a hair in one.
A scarfish
You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message. 
Satan herself
Vir-jeans
Nothing. They're both stuck up bitches.
They all have tur-rets
Little Seizers
He's all round.
Their goldman sacks
Spent too much time figuring out the Engels, so he didnt get the Marx.... thats what he gets for Stalin
A topical rainforest.
Cha Ching
The bricks will get laid.
"I have a boyfriend"
Because I want to go through your backdoor
Crate and Barrel. 
El Vetica.
Because it was too tired.  :)
The harder you hit them, the more English you get out of them.
A hotdog
(Repost)
ALOHA SNACKBAR
Husband: Darling, what did you cook today? Wife: goat tongue Husband: Yuck, I can't eat anything that came out of an animal's mouth Wife: Don't be angry honey, I'll make you an egg
I've got no idea, but sure as hell would be useful at a cotton farm. 
When your dad's dick tastes like blood..
Because he was in Sidious.
Because they're gassy

He used a cheek magnet.
repost
Repost
Repost
To say HELLO from the other sideeeee
Worcestershire 
Step 1. Submit a false claim Step 2. Collect that money Step 3. ???? Step 4. Massive profit for doing nothing
Because there's a JC Penny at every corner.
If they jumped forwards, they would still be on the boat!  Sorry.
What's the difference between a bunch of old people waiting for the bus and a lobster wearing a bikini? Well the answer is simple, you see. One is a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean.
A degree in law.
A protein sheikh
He made a gross prophet!
Doo-bees... I'm so sorry for that
It's worth a listen. The talk is called "Autism Speaks" for anyone interested.
A dill doe.
Because it ran out of contacts.
I'm not sure, but he must have had a loco motive. edit: grammar
A Klandike bar.
Pasta continuous.
He bribed The Broadway League to give an award to his show "Rigatoni".
A lonely woman, aged 70, decided that it was time to get married. She put an ad in the local paper that read:  HUSBAND WANTED!  MUST BE IN MY AGE GROUP (70's),  MUST NOT BEAT ME,  MUST NOT RUN AROUND ON ME,  AND MUST STILL BE GOOD IN BED!  ALL APPLICANTS PLEASE APPLY IN PERSON.  On the second day she heard the doorbell. Much to her dismay, she opened the door to see a gray-haired gentleman with no arms or legs sitting in a wheelchair. The old woman said, "You're not really asking me to consider you, are you? Just look at you.... you have no legs!" The old man smiled, "Therefore I cannot run around on you!"  She snorted. "You don't have any hands either!" Again the old man smiled, "Nor can I beat you!"  She raised an eyebrow and gazed intently. "Are you still good in bed?" With that, the old gentleman leaned back, beamed a big broad smile and said, "I rang the doorbell, didn't I?"
His dick tastes like shit..
Fuck all.
A dire rhetoric.
Because the parrots eat em' all.
Supreme Liter Coke
Datatertots
A Dicktaker 
I can sleep with a light on.
Adobe.

They already approached Arnold Schwarzenegger about playing fellow Austrian Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, but he said "no, I'll be Bach!"
If you play with it, it gets harder...
Male. Cause they get ready in a couple of minutes.
B: I masturbated yesterday, So I had to clean up afterwards.  And one thing lead to another.  Hair trimming included. 
Because he's a fucking liar.
I bought him one of the best tubas money can buy!
He didn't get arrays... edit: After googling I found out this joke already existed :|
I can only hold one beer when I'm driving.
Because they all pull out.
Because she wasn't wearing her seatbelt.
One will kill your dog, the other's a chocolate bar.
Cheap cheap!
It was the herd shot round the world.
Having a chickpea on your face.
A twice baked potato
He had to pay the altamate price.
He has a four chin.
They're heading separate ways.
You spend a large fortune
Cause they have smaller PPs lol
Jokes on you!  (That was terrible, I know)
Beef Strokin' Off
I am bread.
Because slavery is over
A Chrysler
You oscillate its tits a lot. 
Everyone finds it a-peeling.
Trying to fit in
He got hurt from harmful rays
The Spanish Inquisition.
When I dump a load in the washing machine it doesn't follow me around after 
Rape.
They both take people before their time.
A phone charger charges batteries, but a thug has battery charges
Kelvin Klein
A: Let's just name it the first thing that comes to mind, think you can handle that? B: Sure I can.
Bullshit. Works better if you say it out loud.
He was in a deep depression.
His name is Anchovio Banderas
You can play double dutch.
It's just another great thing ruined by a period.
Because it's the currant year.
I won't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face.
Cheez Waz.
His seminal work. 
Aye, matey!
They both get into things before it's cool.
[removed]
π-rate!!!
They both take my money then go down on me
Arrest-aurant Say it out loud.
It doesn't matter, he ain't coming anyways.
One connects to all your devices & accesses your data, and the other is a hardware standard
There would have been, but the punch line was too long...
TEACHER: Sarah, go to the map and find North America. SARAH: Here it is. TEACHER: Correct. Now class, who discovered America?CLASS: Sarah!
I will be back, rec time is over. 
Ask Subban from the Hans to find out
They're both experts at placing temporary crowns.
America doesn't want Bush.
They're both made up.
a 2nd born. 
"You're fat!"
Hasbrah.
Too Mennonite
Mark is black.
It was cockamamie
Because he is afraid tidal wave will take her away from him. 
Because at night, he's always sleepwalken 
A woman.
Because he had no body to go with
A comic book CONVECTION
He Felt the Bern
Hillary Clinton knocked four minutes ago, but come on guys, no one expected Bernie to come second by so close!! This is a win for him!!! Now's not the time to give up hope!!!! We have to keep fighting!!!!!! Don't get discouraged!!!!!!! Political revolution isn't going to be easy!!!!!!!! I'm donating $4:00 to Bernie's campaign!!!!!!!! Match me, bro!!!!!!!!!
An algae-bra.
F5 (sorry Imgoingtohellforthis)
Like a Bloody Mary, but with a stab of OJ...
By explaining it.  Because you know, jokes are supposed to be understood implicitly, without you having to say the reason behind why the punchline is funny.
For fingering a minor.
Ten Roofies.
Look, I am your Fuhrer.
In cents 
Cause you're making me a foot long.
Neither have they.
Some believed that there was a cheetah among them.
Dig a hole in the ice, and line the edge with peas.  Then, when the polar bear comes along to take a pea, kick him in the ice hole.
Dishes a bad joke.
A fat lip, a black eye, and a job.
Because he nuts and bolts.
They tend to be mean.
Pounce...
Please discuss. Thanks.
A kid ask his dad to explain politics to him. Dad says "Your mom runs the house so she is like the government. I make the money so I am the Economy. Our maid is the working class. Consider yourself the public. Your little brother is the future." The kid says now I get what politics is. "Last night Economy was fucking the working class. Government was sleeping. No one cared for the public. And the future was crying."
To get to the Otherside!
Finishing first   third in a circlejerk. 
Well, that's the edamame.
NA Counter Strike
Because they're versatile,  a good value, and contain lots of protein you racist fuck. 
None.  They both should have pull out sooner. 
No bad dad jokes.
Because they use extra hops
Granny Smith 

Because he Neverlands.
I don't understand your terms and you keep telling me you have no interest.
All he did was take a day off.

Because they pick their nose with their gloves on.
There is a period in the middle.
That Old Thai Moroccan Roll.
One is a bottom-dwelling scum sucker. The other is a fish.
A re-lotion-ship.
because they like the taste of defeat. i'm not even sorry.
Once my dog ate all the Scrabble tiles. For days he kept leaving little messages around the house.
The Ground
Because they can't decide what exactly should break there.
One's a crusty bus station and one's a busty crustacean.
A frog in a food blender.
The seat
A bigger Parish
News of the elections is getting old. 
Grip strength.
Old whites on their deathbeds saw "the light" people so often experience when they approach death, and accidentally voted for it.
Because she's Hadid.
The homeless man has $7 to his name.
Cantaloupe
I hear he's pretty hung.
He heard it had de y flavor.
Yep. The cows weren't getting a square meal.  *  
Because He's worried that he would win with a minority government.
Houdini.
They have 3 long strong legs. 
He had a staff infection...
Well then what is the opposite of congress?
Prison Food Source: 8 out of 10 Cats does Countdown
Four skin divers.
"You go on ahead, I gotta give these two a lift."
Vinigger.
A mixed baby in a blender.
Because I put on the wrong sock this morning
All these new ones are so derivative...
He always gets Toad.
You need a knife to get in the box.
A can't opener
It collapsed into a black hole.
Because it had its in-de-pen-dance. I'm posting lots of really bad jokes tonight that just appear in my head, if just one person enjoys just one joke is worth it, good evening. 
Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless it's 10% off
Press pray.
Because their mothers told them to eat their vegetables.
MORE TIME TRAVEL JOKES!! when do we want them? RIGH
Instead of k2, they call it k9.
It's your classic Brie Determination Paradox.
To tell the chicken he could do it better.
Good morning ladies.
The teachers tend to Babylon
1 or 2. Just 1.... Or 2...?
To show the raccoon it's possible.
A guy trying to get a little head.
Because he couldn't see the point in forks.
To get to the other side!
Cause everyone wanted'a "boo" tea!
He Double Gloucester.
A two liner.
I was only following hors d'oeuvres.
It's not hard...
Cha-chink!
A flying carpet muncher. I'm so sorry.  
She doesn't, she just holds it in the socket and waits for the world to revolve around her.
A jew blowing their presidency 
Air Hostess to passenger:  "Sir would you like to have dinner?" Passenger: "What are the options?" Air Hostess: "Yes and No."
​​It already has at least hundred degrees​​
"nice watch"
Your job still sucks
Chicken ceaser salad.
So people don't confuse them for feminists.
To get to the other side!   
Incorrectly. 
Well it ain't three cause my basement is still  dark.
Double jointed.
Because if they had pulled them by their feet they would have filled up with mud
Because they were cutting corners.  
Take it drag racing
A transplant.
Scarabic
A brownie.
Back in the colonial days, the people of the Canadian capital decided the whole of the northern land needed a name- but no one could agree what it should be. So the mayor had all the letters of the alphabet, from A to Zed, put on little pieces of paper and shuffled in a top hat. Then the mayor said "Whatever letters I draw, that's the name of our new country. Here goes..."  He drew the first letter: "It's a "C", eh". Then the next letter: "It's an "N", eh."...﻿
Papal.
A giraffe with a sore throat.
At best they're ASICS.
A CADillac.
Easy, you just look for the fresh prints.
Yoda-ling 
EuSINE
"Yeah, but it didn't taste very good."  She smiled and nodded, "I know, it taste like dog food."
They work on so many levels
Move seats.
You're probably Australian. EDIT: I mean venomous, not poisonous. I am sorry
Tony
Because they have so many Wing's and Wong's  That they might Wing the Wong Numba!!!
A POPstar. HAHAHAHA. Living is pain. Unbearable. End me.
Because its a bit too sow...
A condescending con descending.
Pee Air
..........YOUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!!
Chloroform. >:D
By the ears
Ears, listening if anyone is coming...
A condescending con descending.
To get to the dark side.
A pedo-file.
Don't look down.
That was time consuming but I still want seconds. 
There Himmel ist blau.
Kermit's Finger
So people don't confuse them with feminists.
Scrub-a-dub-dub.
Nice belt.
It was a Regal
Even if it is cold it's still good.
A battery has a positive side.
Races 'em.
I can't marmalade my cock in someones ass.
A porcupine has the pricks on the outside. 
Virgin mobile.
Headmaster: I've had complaints about you, Johnny, from all your teachers. What have you been doing?  Johnny: Nothing, sir.  Headmaster: Exactly. 
Utterly useless 
Give him a small $1 million loan
"Holy Sheet!"
A carrot.
The website required him to prove that he is not a robot.
A school shooting
“We are the 2016 presidential candidate frontrunners.” This is a joke – take it that way
My ass.
Nun
Baked Alaska
They kept summoning demons in random conversations.
He lives on a street with no name. 
Get off me homes.
A groan up!
"We used to be really tight until you let that dick come between us."
A Pimp
¿Quien?
You pay them for the pizza. 
Meat.
Old Spyce.
Tutankhamon
Flip it over.
Tulips on an organ. 
360 hoscope
15 years to life. 
Two more bullets.
Syrup.
An abortion hook.
i can't vegetable my dick so far in your ass whoever could pull it out would be crowned king arthur  
It involves Siamese twins that go to a Tom Jones concert and have intercourse with him, they then have the chance to go again, a year later, but one of them says he won't remember us. I feel as though it should be really funny but I don't get it.
With a noose.
Taste...
Because doing so would be incense-itive!
A footlong.
A failure
Podcasts.
I wore the wrong socks today 
His was Stalin.
The silence of the lambs
His shoulder.
Whoops, wrong subreddit
Because there's a BartEnder there.
Nahweh.
He has an Asgard ...I'll see myself out
Corsair. (works better in a pirate accent)
An Avagadro.
They are both always surrounded by sea - men! I made up this one.
Jamba Jews 
He wrote "1 + 0 = 0" and then spent the rest of the lesson trying to rub one out...
ALLAHPOO AKBAR!
With a Pb & J sandwich
17/38
Because they're tight-fisted wankers. 
Cause endorphins make me feel good.
Cut the rope.
Dr. Dre
There's a great view, but no atmosphere.
A man enters a cafe, sits at a table and asks for a frozen cup of coffee. The waiter, says there is none. The man gets up and leaves. The next day the man goes to the same cafe and orders a frozen cup of coffee. The waiter says there isn't any so the man leaves. The man does this for the rest of the week till finally the cafe owner notices. So the cafe owner asks the waiter, "Why has that man been coming in and leaving without eating or drinking anything?" So the waiter tells him the story, "Well you see, he comes in and asks for a frozen cup of coffee but we don't have any so he just leaves." The owner tells the waiter to take a cup of coffee and stick it in the freezer so that when the man comes the next day he'll get his frozen coffee. So the next day the man enters the cafe sits and orders a frozen cup of coffee. This time the waiter says the have frozen coffee! The man excitedly tells the waiter, "Could you heat it up for me?"
I've never paid 50 bucks to have a garbanzo on my face.
Because he walked in. 
very hungry
Because it is next to the AC
Bison
MayoNEIGHS
A no-Nguyen scenario.
Can the popes di*k fit through a donut.
Because it's always black and white.
because it did.
One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
One is demonized by the actions and beliefs of a small minority. The other believes in the wage gap myth.
China has one and they don't have many Mexicans
Iran. 
He's not sure if he did it on porpoise. 
She broke it trying to read the road signs. 
A heroine addict.
21st floor person goes: AHHHHHHHHHH  1st floor goes:   AHHHHHHHHHH
A Pearl Harbor
NINE!
To draw blood.
Just wait 5 minutes. They'll post about it. 
Iv never had a garbanzo bean on my face.
when you realize that you have had 2 strepsils within one hour.
Two men a night.
The fourth wall 
Beacuse he was to "far out man".
Bloodborne
I'll be home in 20 minutes 
Unstable.
He was handling his wood in public.
You belong.
Weekend at Bernie's.
Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches.
Let's dispel once and for all with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn't know what he's doing. He knows EXACTLY what he's doing! Barack Obama is undertaking a systematic effort to change this country, to make America more like the rest of the world...
Only one. They just hold it still and wait for the world to revolve around them.
Leaded gasoline is pretty cheep!
He was outstanding in his field.
One to screw in the light bulb, two to make a documentary about it.
Boil the hell out of it!
It was his First Order!
They've never had any gigs.
an om-nom-nomnivore
A carrot.
the egg, of course. Isn't that what I just said?
Carl gets shot in the face.
PbR
Chicken Caesar Salad
Because they always try to maximize the degrees of freedom.
Too much work.
Because you've had a lot of Jews inside of you.
A Juan-a-be
Monkeys still throw their poop underhanded 
Pounding Sensation 
Because they knead dough to make a living. 
He doesn't want to be spotted. 
Croatia!
Response: In programming course.
Rain Quotes
Manstruation
To the ethereal startrek convention.
Budweiser
Its fucking in tents!
All he wants to do is build a wall.
Because everyone would just think it's a quinceañera
That way they know what it's like to live with an irritating cunt.
You roll up herr sleeve. 
I don't pay to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
Release it on TIDAL
Getting fingered by Captain Hook.  
Everywhere.
You matter.
A bongoloid.
Because they're flam-able. Ba-da Bum tsss.
They found her head & shoulders in the glovebox. 
He wanted tequila.
Petrified wood.
An impasta
A nagger.
Snowballs
It sticks around for more than 1 Season, and doesn't want to go.
Yeah. It looks like me. 
A guy goes to his doctor and says, "Doc, something weird is happening to me. When I drive to work, if I'm going past a large pasture I begin to sing 'The Green Green Grass of Home' and if I happen to drive past a cat I burst into 'What's New Pussycat'!" The doctor says, "You have Tom Jones Syndrome". The guy says, "Is that a common disorder?" The doctor says, "It's Not Unusual".
Because they're having a sipping contest.
Dig a really deep hole and throw a penny in it. 
Plaqueface
Green Lantern. His least favorite? Deadpool.
They got tired of all the minotaurs.
They both love The Wall
OP delivers.
fun!
He sudo bashed someone.
He underestimated the speed of the python.
Equationally.
I got Kniiiiiives on it!  that inspired the joke.
Disoriental 
Christian Bale
She is allergic to nuts.
Beer nuts are a dollar and forty nine cents and deer nuts are under a buck
The Bloody Mary
I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face.
They throw silverware on the ground!
Black people can't swim.
General Average
bunny farts
So a coworker of mine enjoys sleeping so much that another coworker and I started making jokes about it. Now what started off as just a couple of laughs here and there turned into our very own "Chuck Norris" jokes. To further explain we used the same structure of the jokes but instead of saying "Chuck Norris" we used his name, but to protect his identity I am going to say "Smith". Here are a couple of examples: -Most people take cat naps but cats take Smith naps. -The Sandman makes people go to sleep but Smith makes The Sandman go to sleep. -People count the hours of sleep they'll get in a day but Smith counts the hours of the day he's awake. -People count sheep in their sleep but sheep count Smiths in their sleep We came up with other jokes as well but don't fit into this category so I am asking you guys to see if you can come up with anything else. I am sure you guys will.
Because he was "in  "ing ahahahahahahaahahaahanaha holy shit
It was a folding chair.
To eat the dead chicken on the other side.
"Lunch is on me."
Bi, son.          
One wants you to put their chocolatey nutty goodness in your mouth, and the other is a child rapist. 
She was not wearing a seatbelt…
One takes a roofy, the other takes a groundy.
Because they hunt whales.
She was the sweetest mistake he ever made.
Donald J. Trump State Park in Yorktown Heights, NY
Marry a net maker
Nothing. You've told her twice!
He was a salted. Sexually. He was a salted sexually. . . .there's nothing funny about that.
Wasa-B! Let's roll.
A good idear...
It's Fucking Frozen!
To liquidate their bills.
That the CEO of a company does no work for 10 years and everybody hates them, but the moment they go on 'Undercover Boss' and give away a small sum of their yearly earnings to save face, the same people who hated them with a passion now love them so much. Either those employees are suck-up brown-noses or money really changed their minds that much!
You came OUT of your mom's vagina.
Christian Bale
A hole in Juan!
A Dell
They both work in gastronomy
It hasn't come out yet.
The rooster did.
The 2016 Olympics.
Farty.
SLAP!
a peasantfeeling
Because they always come up short.
So John just died. He went up to the gate of heaven but St. Pierre was there looking anxious. He told John in a very regretful voice that due to unexpected deaths, there would be no room for him in heaven until two weeks. He asked John if he wouldnt mind to go to hell for two weeks. John asked if he had a choice and St. Pierre said no. So he went.to hell. When he arrive, he got welcomed by crazy sexy womens, with tons of alcohol and loud music. This was a crazy party all the time. John thought to himself that, if this was hell , he would be happy to stay here forever. Unfortunetly, 2 weeks passed quickly and St. Pierre came back and told him heaven was ready. John thought that if hell was as good like that, heaven should be awesome! So he went to heaven. But something was wrong. There was no girl. There was clouds with pretty angels on them playing smooth music, and oh god, instead of alcohol, it was purified water. Instead of chicken and fries, it was big ass fruits!! It was too much and after two weeks , John saw God passing by. He said : Hey God! God! Can i ask you something? After God nodded, John explained his situation and if he could go back to hell. God said yes but if he would return to hell, it would be forever. John accepted. But when John entered hell, instead of womens who welcomed him , it was devils with pikes and chains. They tortured him and it was very bad. After 2 weeks, John saw Lucifer passing by. He said : Hey Lucifer! Luci! After the Devil nodded, John explained his situation and how it was better on his 1st trip. Lucifer stopped him right there and said : Wait wait wait John. You must not confond tourist and immigration!
12:34! 
A Flamongo.
Chicken sees a salad 
Mary Jane dumped him.
Buckminister-fill-her-in.
​Of course every Juan!
Don't worry, he's all right now.
Hide in the living room.
Karma, Whores.
Predator missile
...he was driving his tractor down the road, and suddenly, he turned into a field.
Choco-late.
​Who can give a small donation of one million dollars?
The noble gases, because they can't form bonds
The funnel cake line at the Arkansas state fair.
He was stuck on paws.  Forgive me reddit senpai
A lip reader
You post an anti-joke
Type this in on your search bar. LOSER.COM
A bamboozler
In his sleevies
It might take a while for me to get hard, I was just laid by a chick.
He activated his  bo... LOL
attempted murder
A: Tired Bonus Follow-up Joke!  Q: What do you get when you run behind a car? A: Exhausted
Graham Cracker
A quiché
Two men are having a drink in a bar. One says: "You know, I've never really understood what a dilemma is.." "Let me tell you a story" says the other man. "Imagine you wake up in a bed with two people next to you. To your left is a incredibly beautiful woman willing to have sex with you and to your right is a very horny gay man". "So where's the dilemma ?" replies the first man. "To whom do you turn your back ?"
Here you go.
Because there's a Target on every corner
Because all the DNA matches and there are no dental records.
I'm gonna level with you.
"The suspended animation is killing me!"
Lesbian sex addicts. 
There can only be one goo gull
Up his sleevies.
Up his sleevies.
Because he just isn't a mourning person.
A rip-off
BARRY
...vegetarian. For the record, I'm Korean and have a dog haha.
Master Better
The short bus.
The truck doesn't scream when you pump gas into it.
Outlaws are wanted.
They are all running for president
Because all the DNA matches and there are no dental records.
A jail.
Cancer got Jobs
Decided to smoke only after sex
a TRESpasser im sorry
Because he was trying to make both ends meet.
Christopher Walken
A police officer was sitting in his car with his K9 partner in the back seat. A man walked over and asked, “Is that a dog in the back seat?” The officer said, “It sure is.” The man responded, “Wow, what did he do?”
A boy asked a girl: "Do you believe in love at first site?". The Girl replied, "No". The boy phewed and said: "We should meet again then". Ultimate Thug Life.
They both like a tight seal
Their balls are just for decoration
You're always meeting new people.
I was gonna say a joke about it but it would be too cheesy.
To the dock.
Because it comes from PEEople. 
Daughter: "Where's the olive oil?" Father: "I drank it." Daughter: "You drank an entire bottle of olive oil?" Father: Without so much as a grin, "Yes, olive it."
You always end up going off onto tangents.
It's just a picture of him.
You take it from the back. 
It was a black one.
He sai'd
It's the only way to buy a nigger legally.
In the bedroom, it doesn't take much effort to make your lover's jaw drop.
His homemade Bris-kit.
Scissors beats paper.
Bayesian.
American Psycho 3: Pleading the Fifth
Earmuff
Raw men
Because they're trans-parent
roll her sleeve up
Olive it. 
A simple game of hopscotch: Me v. Yo Mama
Because 7 ATE nine
Because he's always deep in the Bikini Bottom
Because she threw out all the bent ones.
Get cancer
Wataaaah!
To get to the other slide! 
Throw in the laundry.
He came in first   third. (Ngaio Bealum)
About eighty years
omelette
Picking someone else's nose. What's worse than picking someone else's nose? Picking your own nose and eating it. What's worse than picking your own nose and eating it? Picking someone else's nose and eating it. What's worse than picking someone else's nose and eating it? Picking your own nose and putting it in your ear. What's worse than picking your own nose and putting it in your own ear? Picking someone else's nose and putting it in their ear. Whats worse than picking someone else's nose and putting it in their ear? Picking your own nose, putting it in your ear and eating it? Picking someone else's nose, putting it in their ear and eating it. What's worse than picking someone else's nose, putting it in their ear and eating it? Women drivers
You pa- pa- poker face, pa- pa- poker face!
Because can you leave me a loan?
The   of the Beast.
It sucked.
A chiral-practor. BONUS What do you call a regular, normal, non-amputee masseuse? achiral-practor.
Euripides, Eumenides
One is heavy, the other is a little lighter.
Because the Disc was cracked
Ten tickles. 
With a monkey.        
Someone from Flint puts a glass between your legs
...I don't pay 100$ to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
I just need some bread
Berrrnie Sanders  H/T: wife 
The US Presidential Campaign!
Because seven is a registered six offender
Tom ( ). Explanation: Bears are made up of atoms. Plug: 
Someone cut him off.
To get his quarter back!
ICEis
Souperb.
dead walkers
They woke him up.
Oshio des neighhhhh
"Don't stop! Be leaving!" Just a joke I thought up the other day.

Gorgonzola.
Because they can't even.
Because they wore them before it was cool.
Oral-É
"So where are you from?" "I'm a Liberian" "Oh sorry" *whispers*       
Anal fissures. 
I want you inside of me. 
There are twenty of them.
Because he broke a G string while fingering a minor
When you dump your load in a washer, it doesn't follow you around for a week.
Last years hide and seek champion
Wimbledon and nicely served.
A bendy ruler.
Before the First Period.
A knife.
Because he was sur  to requirements.
A slice of Pi.
Because it was beneath his station. :P
You keep hearing about them, but you never see one
Chicken Caesar Salad
Because it was wearing underwear.
Infant-ry.
Paddle Pop!
I'll column later.
A self-awarewolf.
TL;DR
A Dell
He was against separating the whites from the coloreds.
Rent.
A guacamole.
Hey there little boy, you wanna BUY some candy?
Feel around for the dough nuts
Just say "Ifunny is better than reddit"
Divorce! 
Off-Putin.
Addiction
when the directions for use say take one pill twice a day
Sprint.
dx/dc
Cause his assets were frozen.
He saw the snowblower coming
Fuck if I know, I just fly the drone.
GUACK
Marco Rubio
Because he's always standing by The Edge.
He was afraid of ending up like Hillary.
Because the woodpecker.
Some guy named Robert facing the wrong direction.  (I understand this is a lame joke, but it always goes over well at parties, so you're welcome).
They both crumble under pressure
I cry when I cut up onions.
He was running on fumes.
That it could be a little bolder!
He got a fool scholarship.
Both are thinking don't look down, just don't look down. 
Supreme Leader.
Its Racist!
Flipper coin. Again, I shall take my leave.
Buffa lo
Put a little boogie in it. 
it can neither fly
Dirty bollocks
A Dell
Wurst orgy ever.
Stick his bill up his ass. 
1 to 8
They get the best blow jobs in town.
Tom ( ). Explanation: Bears are made up of atoms. Plug: 
They try to stick their hand up your butt.
Sex cells!
A bulldozer
Gum. 
It's long and hard...unless you're asian.
Obese is when you can't see your own genitals, morbidly obese is when you can't see your own genitals in the mirror.
Kurt Fossil
[Removed]
Because he clearly owed the win to Miller. 
Cause you'd be mad too if someone kept pulling your hose. 
'Her' real name is Victor!
[deleted]
Because it was too Win+D
I am leg end.
If you're busted, run.
Because it's hard to catch a white bronco in California.
Marriage, you wanna?
The brunette, the Blonde stop it midway to ask for directions.
What did the male computer say to the female computer? He said: "Ay gurl, I'd like to put my twisted-pair cable into your RJ45 jack so I can fill you up with my sweet, sweet data frames".
To get to the other genocide.
Chicken sees-a salad
You hide daddies credit card under a bar of soap. 
With no legs.
Depends on who wrote the script.
Because he's black.
Boss: Where were you born? Santa : India. Boss: which part? Santa : What 'which part'? Whole body was born in India.
Because they drown at their own wealth Edit: I got down voted :( I thought of that in my head and just wanted to share it
You shouldn't go, I heard they don't like joggers there.
K-Cups
Where'd mofongo?
Because the definition of arthritis is inflammation of the joints
If you find a rare Pepe drawn the disk.
May I please push in your stool?
You will be mist.
the olebitchuary
He was talking on his shellphone.
because they work
Only one, but they have to turn it on and off 50 times before they're sure it's fixed.
French with benefits.
It ran out of juice. I shall take my leave now.
No Self Esteem!
Of course you don't. 
They are both soft and crumble under pressure. 
Because they never have to pay for super bowl tickets!
Illegal.
Combrade
Attire 
Because when she gets to 69 she ends up with a frog in her throat.
A paragraph not essay
Once upon a time in faraway China there lived two brothers, one named Sam, and one named Tikki Tikki Tembo No Sarimbo Hari Kari Bushkie Perry Pem Do Hai Kai Pom Pom Nikki No Meeno Dom Barako. Now one day the two brothers were playing near the well in their garden when Sam fell into the well, and Tikki Tikki Tembo No Sarimbo Hari Kari Bushkie Perry Pem Do Hai Kai Pom Pom Nikki No Meeno Dom Barako ran to his mother, shouting, "Quick, Sam has fallen into the well. What shall we do?" "What?" cried the mother, "Sam has fallen into the well? Run and tell father!" Together they ran to the father and cried, "Quick, Sam has fallen into the well. What shall we do?" "Sam has fallen into the well?" cried the father. "Run and tell the gardner!" Then they all ran to the gardner and shouted, "Quick, Sam has fallen into the well. What shall we do?" "Sam has fallen into the well?" cried the gardner, and then he quickly fetched a ladder and pulled the poor boy from the well, who was wet and cold and frightened, and ever so happy to still be alive. Some time afterward the two brothers were again playing near the well, and this time Tikki Tikki Tembo No Sarimbo Hari Kari Bushkie Perry Pem Do Hai Kai Pom Pom Nikki No Meeno Dom Barako fell into the well, and Sam ran to his mother, shouting, "Quick, Tikki Tikki Tembo No Sarimbo Hari Kari Bushkie Perry Pem Do Hai Kai Pom Pom Nikki No Meeno Dom Barako has fallen into the well. What shall we do?" "What?" cried the mother, "Tikki Tikki Tembo No Sarimbo Hari Kari Bushkie Perry Pem Do Hai Kai Pom Pom Nikki No Meeno Dom Barako has fallen into the well? Run and tell father!" Together they ran to the father and cried, "Quick, Tikki Tikki Tembo No Sarimbo Hari Kari Bushkie Perry Pem Do Hai Kai Pom Pom Nikki No Meeno Dom Barako has fallen into the well. What shall we do?" "Tikki Tikki Tembo No Sarimbo Hari Kari Bushkie Perry Pem Do Hai Kai Pom Pom Nikki No Meeno Dom Barako has fallen into the well?" cried the father. "Run and tell the gardner!" Then they all ran to the gardner and shouted, "Quick, Tikki Tikki Tembo No Sarimbo Hari Kari Bushkie Perry Pem Do Hai Kai Pom Pom Nikki No Meeno Dom Barako has fallen into the well. What shall we do?" "Tikki Tikki Tembo No Sarimbo Hari Kari Bushkie Perry Pem Do Hai Kai Pom Pom Nikki No Meeno Dom Barako has fallen into the well?" cried the gardner, and then he quickly fetched a ladder and pulled Tikki Tikki Tembo No Sarimbo Hari Kari Bushkie Perry Pem Do Hai Kai Pom Pom Nikki No Meeno Dom Barako from the well, but the poor boy had been in the water so long that he had drowned. And from that time forth, the Chinese have given their children short names.
Yo, duh.
You fed-a-genie! 
Super Bowl Babies.
Look for the Fresh Prince.
A gummy bear
Hit him in the face with an axe.
Nothing.
Nine Inch Nails
System of a Downs  My Chemical Imbalance.  Youth In Asia  
They have to eat a dessert after each meal.
Chicken sees a salad
Willem DaFriend.
To Make America Great Again
With a small million dollar loan from his father. 
Your mom can't take a joke. 
One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter. 
It's morphine time!
Italian ISIS'
The blonde, because she's the only one who's 18.
Because I turned on airplane mode, and thought it would turn my Iphone into a plane...
Because they are in bread.
His career was in ruins.
An erection
To forget
I hope I'm okay to post a request - I'm in a hospital with my mother-in-law who continues to have small strokes as a result of her cancer. She can understand what we are saying but can only say yes and no. Most important she can laugh when she hears a good joke. This is where you can help. I need some semi-clean jokes or puns that don't involve pervy behavior or death. Scrolling through   is hit and miss so I'm hopeful you could help with a special request. 
An angry wopper. 
I heard it's pretty Hoth
He needed some time to himself to decompose. 
Vacuum cleaners
Being able to pay her 33% less
There are twenty of them.
Kick his sister in the jaw.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an   octopus? Ten tickles.  How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten tickles.
Someone who points out the obvious.
He's been getting the Kurds out of the whey                             (credit to Sambo85 - Sikipedia)
URINE.  I'll let myself out.
...because you can't trust something that bleeds for days and doesn't die.
Humiliation pornstars get the money they want.
About 6 million.
Hand him a tampon and ask what period it's from.
None The Chinese and Russians will interrogate the light bulb on why it needs to be lit in the first place. The Germans and Japanese would team up to create a robotic arm to change the light bulb for them. The Jamaicans would be high, just staring a dead bulb hoping it will show them the light. The Canadians will apologize for messing with the bulb to begin with. The South Africans will claim the light bulb has something to do with Apartheid. The Indians will try to help you screw in the light bulb over the phone. The Italians will put the light bulb in the river. The Scots will stab the light bulb. The Irish will be too drunk to do a damn thing. The British will somehow have a rave around the dead light bulb. The Arabs will hold the light bulb hostage. The French will surrender the light bulb to someone else. The Greeks will declare their electric industry bankrupt instead of doing anything about it. The Brazilians will take the light bulb to the beach and use it a soccer ball. The Polak will stick the light bulb in his stupid mouth. The Scandinavians won’t even bother because it’s night over there all time anyway. The Australians will put vegemite on it and hope for the best. And the Mexicans will send the light bulb to America hoping that one day it will shine bright for all of its people. The American just says “Fuck It” and screws in a new light bulb.
A gun.
Wendys nuts going to be in that mouth
Because if he wins, he'll have to move into a smaller house in a black neighborhood.
Because freedom rings
Zinfandels!!!!!!
A fajita. 
Otherwise they'd kill all the 140 characters.
A Pig with a Flip Knife.
A    I'll see myself out now.
Because he lost his marbles.
A spaghetto.
Nothing. It's rude to talk with your mouth full.
nobody knows actually but it will be perfect for picking cotton.
They both feature a slow, old, white bronco.
Dad: Drugs, Usually
HEY!!! DO YOU WANT TO BUY A CHICKEN!?!?!?!
Cause they'll Pikachu
A crimefighter
In-ya-window
Show me your booty.
Because they always riposte.
A pool table.
A Dell.
I'd tell you more about it but there's really no porpoise...
Chicken sees-a-salad
Whorrible. 
He was pretty loafsome
they show up once a year to make me cringe with their dad jokes, and then give me a shitty gift.
Because he folds five penises and puts them into little drawers!
Cause that ass is refreshing.
Kermit's fingers 

The one with the smallest barrel. It hurts the least when the bear shoves it up your ass. 
Nothing, they both have 1 3
She was cross eyed.
They Bonded over lunch.
He wipes.
A Bark-aeologist
They both love stoning women.
Otter you up to?
Lack-toes intolerant 
(pause....)  WANT TO BUY A CHICKEN??!! (SHOUTING)
They heard she could handle a cockatoo.
Everywhere else. 
Be Alfredo and take out the damn trash. Just told my son this, he hates me now.
They have to grip the broom.
Microscope
A ripe bananna
South Africa
I mean thanks guys. Driving around on flying motor cycles and letting use fossil fuels until we fuck up the planet. Thanks guys. I don't even wanna go to Hogwarts any more
Seizure salad
Because he doesn't exist.
Throwaway, for obvious reasons.
Slow Children At Play
Namaste
Might as well. Nothing dentured, nothing gained.
One terrorbyte.
He heard he would get to watch the inauguration on a plane
Bro, mine 
Disoriented.
In a dictonaerie. 
Because they hav-an-arrow!  :D
F it. 
It's 0K.
Canteloupe
a life depends on whether or not the rubber breaks
Inertia.
Because he had the upper hand
Carl Barron
Subdude
One is made of plastic and is bad for kids to play with, and the other is a plastic grocery bag.
Threesome.
Fruits of labor.
A meanderthal. 
TIE tanium
11, Because it has another 1.
A: Neither have they!
What else do you cover a cunt with?
How much dick could a dik-dik lick if a dik-dik could lick dick?
He liked being artichoked.
Chicken Tinders.
I probably shouldn't spread it.
Because it is part black.
Matt. No arms and no legs in a swimming pool? Bob.
A Dell.
Their last big hit was the wall.
You oscillate its tit a lot.
With a porcupine, the pricks are on the outside
2 feet.
Well, it's not 4
If you have weight limits you aren't going to see as much traffic.  
It was out standing in its field!
They had reservations.
Vesicular Basalt 
Farfrompoopin.
It's sedimentary my dear Watson!
Because there's a Target on every corner.
Tsar Wars episode III: Revenge of the scythe.
A whorse.
He kept getting pyro-technicalities.
About 6 feet.
When it stains your underwear.
Donald Trump.
logic
"The Amateurs".
Phil Ming
Thanks For The Mammaries
Hypothermia.
How much their husbands make 
The captains log
Edward Snooden.
A Rastafarian Proctologist
Bruise Lee. I'll see myself out.
"This is why we can't have ice things!"
He couldn't get hole out of his head
The Millenial Falcon.
I don't think you should go, I don't think they like joggers.
Because I can feel my infrastructure expanding.
He's having a midlife crisis.
None, they don't change anything.
AY E! I O U edit: added Y
Because he's dead.
It was pissed off
Ninutendo 69
The girl scouts come back from the camp.
My YouTube experience lasts longer than 10 seconds.
A lot of likes
The crew.
Your T.V.
They've both got a little Captain in them.
Shleepy!
Unfortunately we broke up. Turns out she leans both ways. 
Take the "s" out of Safe and the "f" out of way.
because they're ugly and they stink.
A sandy hook
It's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
Canadian graffiti be like,  F WORD  (sorry) 
Flint, Michigan.
There are twenty of them. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) (づ◔v◔)づ
A shit ton.
Both cant work without chains.
Fingerprints. 
...'cuz damn. 
because it doesn't have mushroom to talk.
neapolititian
When she flops the nuts, it really hurts.
Dead-ant, dead-ant, dead-ant dead-ant dead-ant dead-ant dead-aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaant, dead dead dead dead dead-ant.
If they last more than 4 hours, you need to call a doctor.
They can only mandate.
A puppy piñata
The Star Spangled Banner! 
Because he's only a lightweight.
I didn't seem to have any problems with the first two. 
Because it was dead.
The dark knight rises 
They're not orange for fuck's sake, shouldn't it be called Lemon?
Dont be silly, feminists cant change anything.
Christian Bale
The line to KFC.
Pretty gaunt
With the stock market you can only lose when you pull out.
I didn't rape Donald Trump
His goal: transcend dental medication.
The line to Starbucks.
Hawa-a-ai-i
He was on the rocks.
Notice me sin(π) !!!
None, they just beat the room for being black.
So they can both watch the hockey game :D
Neither have they.
Catch you later
I don't fuck a sandwich before I eat it.
People got lit and turnt.
He got freaked out when he received the gas bill.

It was to much of a cluster-funk.
Chicken Butt...
Well, well, well...
When you left-swipe, all of your matches go up in flames.
Helllllllloooooo  (insert your mother's/wife's/sister's/grandmother's name here.)
A tycoon.
Bloody horrible I said "Put your bikini top back on"
My dad and I are going out for sushi tonight, and he has rescheduled this dinner with me several times for dumb reasons (one night was because he randomly decided to go out drinking instead). Would love to get my revenge by making sushi puns and jokes all night, but Google is failing me--I've only been able to find jokes that either make no sense, or are just not funny at all. Help! 
The lumberjack
Friend: Got any nuts? Me: Yes Friend: I'm totally jacking them
He/she barely even cuts it anymore.
A smooth criminal
Oh look! A heard of elephants.
I guess all the money really is behind her!
Because ladies go in first. 
Because it's easier to deal with just one prick
Because they don't know how to cook!
A farmer
How are you vealing?
At an Australian parliament meeting, two guys were shouting back and forth and one said: "I am a country member!" and the other said: "Oh, I remember!"
Rebel Rebel!
9gag
A couch can support a family
a semenist
Manhatin'
The plot for Wall-E
RELEASE THE RIVERRR!!!!!!!
One slip of the tongue and your in deep shit.
Ciudad
None. They just beat the room for being black.
You make a seizure salad.
My Little Penis
Bernd-wagoners!
U2, they're all pro-bono.
There goes the hipster vote.
The Young and The Breast-less
A couple of weeks
Mind if I pull up a stool  ? 
A 360 No-Pope
Novak Chokeovic
Hop in.
He was taking a shot. 
A wok-through.
He wanted to see how the Mercedes bends
A pool table. 
Because the last one to have a dream got shot.
He kept on getting nailed into the boards.
With the Jackson Five
AudiO's
One is FDR the other is a Deaf ER. 
So people don't confuse them with feminists. 
Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any. 
Nobody at the ticket counter knows what "north career" means
Cus they're annoying and fucking useless
Well the restaurant Carraba-rated his story.
Eventually the Rottweiler lets go.
Never mind, its too cheesy!
It is a play on words, after all
They aren't falling for that again...
He's having a midlife crisis.
Tell the FineBros. about them
A bench can support a family
A-fric-an plumber
Sure I did. I read between the lines.
No, 25 is enough
Fine brothers
There are twenty of them.
Neither did Hellen Keller.
Wodehouse!
He took a sip of his coffee before it was cool.
Fuckin' nothin'.  
They're impeckable.
J-Peg.
So did the devil.
Kick his sister in the chin.
Hormonal.
With a luigi board. Made this joke up about 10 years ago while trying to think of terrible laffy taffy jokes.
Keep the tip.
You are my MSB.
" 'Irritably Depressed' doesn't seem in stock, Guess I'll settle for 'Drama Mama' " I'm wonder if they have disappointed...
12  one to screw it in,  one to excoriate men for creating the need for illumination, one to blame men for creating such a faulty means of illumination,  one to suggest the whole "screwing" bit to be too "rape like",  one to deconstruct the lightbulb itself as being phallic,  one to blame men for not changing the lightbulb,  one to blame men for trying to change the lightbulb instead of letting a woman do it,  one to blame men for creating a society that discourages women from changing lightbulbs, one to blame men for creating a society where women change too many lightbulbs,  one to advocate that lightbulb changers have wage parity with electricians,  one to alert the media that women are now out lightbulbing men, one to just sit there and take pictures for her blog for photo evidence that men are unnecessary. 
Virgin Mobile 
He moved to the barbery coast.
Ohmlettes
The worst joke ever. 
I'll be dragon deez nuts across ya head shortly. 
Because they all shot pilots.
because fuck u 
Blue whales
George.
Cause they gotta be nuts, right?
Because he always came in a lil behind.
11, because it has another one.
A bigot is anyone winning an argument with a liberal. 
Election posters. There they are portable, silent and easy to remove. 
When he sits down it takes too long to get back up.
An elephant.  Apologies if this is a repost - heard it yesterday and had to share.
Because Orange is the new Black.
Said my wife as she looked over my shoulder. What a nosy fucking bitch.
To forget
Upvote if you agree.﻿
Fifty Shades of Fae.
Because they can't climb high enough on the corporate ladder.
They both say the same jokes over and over again.
It went to Detroit. 
a flu Enza. Thanks a lot everyone, I looked forward to this day for a long time.
Ashe.
Shoo laces
Next to Denny's
None.  Horses are not known to use operating systems nor computers for that matter.
Boo-ah!
Male cotton plants
Hello from the other side...
Because it's too close to the gas chamber. I'll show myself out
Limbitless
He felt a little disoriented.
Cell mate.
Vagabondage.
Eeyore, he's always chasing that tail.
Fine Bros.
They are used to getting their shit packed
He grabs a pencil and tries to work it out
Nothing he just waved. Sea what I did there? Sorry sometimes I get a bit carried away, it like a tsunami of puns. Water these puns! they're horrible, I'll stop now.
He brew
Sith happens.
Tony
You don't. The police shoot you.
nice belt
I don't know, let's reflect on this.
Hopefully your girlfriend
Facebook.
He felt crumby the next day. 
Because it's made of hide
De-liver
They had to do   with all of the ovens.
A marsbar!
Jihadidas.
They're making headlines!
Because the parrots-eat-'em-all 
I've never paid to see a lentil.
Where deleting history has become more important than making one. 
Steam. I'm so sorry.
Because you need to warm up before you kill a nigga.
Dad.
Redundant
He never got banned.
It's a Nguyen-win situation.
The DaVinci Abode
Better reflexes.
They both got famous for getting a black man off.
What do you call a man chasing a car? -Exhausted What do you call a man being chased by a car? -Tired
We are security guards Peter!
Getting in the habit!
A crime fighter
Because he couldn't find any tricerabottoms!
Hostages.
OVER 9000
The ultra sound guy.
Because they don't know how to use Occam's razor
Get hammered. 
Student: HOMEWORK!
Nostrildamus 
He's got his left ear, his right ear...and the final front ear.
You need dill dough.
Cancer.
Opinions! 
Of course, a house doesn’t jump at all.
Alien vs Predator.
Attire.
Take the parent out of the water
Their i's don't work
Student: She was my life.
Because it was  .
Lena Dunham wrote the book about it. 
No, BB8.
Honky Tonkinese.
Need to know ASAP.
Spring break!
The stove. 
The Stealers.
One has a soul full of hope and the other has a hole full of soap.
45°
OB-Gyn Kenobi
[Deleted]
He nuts and bolts.
The magician's wand is used for cunning stunts
Only one side was game
There were too many fowls.
Ash.
I won't pay $100 to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
The rabbi cuts them off, the priest sucks them off.
If not, it's okay - neither did the Police.
Your mom can't take a joke.
She found another woman's lipstick on his knuckles.
Look for Fresh Prints
dos y dos
Helmetica.
Au Schwitz!
I guess you could say they made copy and pasta.
¿Que? ¿Que? ¿Que?
Nine Inch Nails.
A doctor.
a reTardis   
I dont know, I've only seen kittens out of those two.
A thymbol
11 Because it has another 1﻿
They found her head and shoulders on the beach
One is a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean. 
DJ Beazza Yes it's a stupid pun, but that's a good 50% of my humor, the other half being sarcasm.
I mean, I'm kinda worried about getting sick from it but mostly I hope this made someone's day.
"Why are we even friends?"
"A horse walks into the bar and the bartender comes over and says, 'Why the long face?'" - Not my original for sure, but always makes me smirk.
Put him in the microwave 'till his Bill Withers.
Convince them breathing under water is the new fad.
You can't zucchini bugs! A family-friendly take on the age old "jam VS jelly" joke.
Imagination.
They could never do it before it was cool
Head Ganon
Because he's too legit to shit.
Tosses them off.
The sock, he's always there in hard times.
The Trump card. Edit: so that's what they mean by RIP  Inbox...
Net fish and krill
A roamin' Catholic
A yellow license plate.
A Li-ion battery.
Black Jews have to sit at the back of the gas chamber. 
To a hoe-tell.
It was a massive coverup
wraps
Everywhere.
comes out of nowhere.
Han Solo
As he was about to swing to the next tree he said, "OK, Cheeta, hang on anywhere".
Om's Law. 
Because they're plugged into a fucking know it all
It is the sound a guitar makes after six or seven generations of inbreeding.
Several thousand yards of white fabric.
The girl in the church has hope in her soul, and the girl In the bathtub has soap in her hole. 
Joseph Gobbles.
Because the sign says no trespassing!
Reach out to me and we can beat it together.
He wouldn't turn in his essay
On one hand, you have a watch... But on the other hand, you have a watch.
Because he was in de-nile
Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any. 
A director's cut
They both have ornamental balls.
A conversation of energy.


Holy Shit 
Littering.
Half a dog
That's racist. White people should be able to call black people "nigga" like other black people.
Sarah Jessica Parkour 
Anal
A weapon of mast destruction.
To say hello from the other side 
They both get jumped by Mexicans.
Joseph Kony
Yes, I have one evely molning.
Because he didn't have enough vroom! 
It was a Thai!
Discover.
Put him on a horse I'm now going to hell with the rest of you...
The Labia menorah.
A: Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog
They knead the dough.
His throat becomes saurus.
The position of the dirtbag.
First you have a great time, but after 5 minutes you end up crying.
Optimus  .
Still nobody cares.
It's a rip off.
It was a 
All at once. 
You boil the hell out of it.
What's the difference between a black and a white fairy tale?  White fairy tales begin, "once upon a time,"  black fairy tales begin, "y'all motherfuckas ain't gonna believe dis shit!"﻿
Miss. Management. 
Only one can get stumped...
Throw them in the mainstream
To say hello from the other side.
They both won’t be investigated very closely.
They both look incredibly cute when they are little.  They both grow up and go into the transportation business. Note: sikhs - or sardarji as they are commonly known in india - are the largest ethnic group in the truck driver profession.  Punjabi food is available on highways across the country.
You don't pay her. (My mom is sick. Hilarious. But sick. )
The amount of lead put into black people. (It was funnier over the radio)
Even
Holy
Pancreatic cancer.
Because it was carbon bonded to the chicken.
Carlos.
You get your palm red for free
Diner at the sushi restaurant: "What kind of eel is this?" Waiter: "Do you love it?" Diner: "yeah" Waiter: "Then, that's a moray" 
White vans.
Prose before Hose
To get to the other side (as in, heaven). Congrats you've just learned why that joke is that joke. Have a good day, faggot.
Flip it over.
A subwoofer.

Purrth.
Only one... if no one is looking!
It said Focus.
You know they're doing it, you just can't catch them at it.
"Fe" male
A gummy bear
A Mars-mallow
Wight Power!
Because they were using a Berner Phone.
Women's rights
Slim Shady 
Culture
Teacher: "Kids, what does the chicken give you?" Student: "Meat!" Teacher: "Very good! Now what does the pig give you?" Student: "Bacon!" Teacher: "Great! And what does the fat cow give you?" Student: "Homework!"
POLLENtics
So you know what cunts yours.   I have to get a ratio of woman to man down/up votes for this haha..
Tell that to my friend who stood still smiling when a thief asked him for all his money
Tartarus
When it involves energy, because energy had no mass.
The bag.
They have such similar interests
Because you might get Sikh
Visit a campground.
Wo 
Heart replied "because you slept in the afternoon, don't act like you're in love"
You can't marmalade your dick in someone's ass.
Because nothing makes the British shit quicker than the sight of George Washington
Hung Lo
Come on guys. Daytona 500 or Indianapolis 500?
Because he left his son.
A cat has claws at the end of it's paws, a comma is a pause at the end of a clause.
A Ninutendo
Three Men-A-Night
A snowbank 
"Close that damn door! Can't you see I'm dressing??"
To say hello from the other side. 
denim denim denim
In the first, you must drink a lot of liquids before battle, but in the latter, you only pretend.
Iran
She swallowed the yellow prick's load.
He kept singing, "your ho, your ho, a pirate's wife for me"
Because he felt grizzly after months of unbearable pain.
Bro, do you even function?
Because they're always in the lead. 
A nigger.
Because the land doesn't wave back.
Trans-Fender.
One connects to all of your devices and accesses the data, the other is a hardware standard.
Because they are easier to see in the dark.
Nobody knows, they haven't found him yet.
He was outstanding in his field
The U.N
Because it saw the salad dressing
To buy chikken tikka masala!
His Whore-Monica
It'd be a ruined joke.
Right where you left him.
You look for the Fresh Prince.
A weapons designer for the First Order.
Because they cantaloupe.
Apparently it's a cross between Idiocracy and Mad Max....it's called Bogan's Run...
Man .
Because Demeter stopped working.
This joke
A Hamburghini.
Jockey straps.
Its Maine Coon.
The airport is Snowden
The ability to tell a person to go to hell in such a way that they look forward to the trip.
Irelephant 
Jellyfish
For his reptile dysfunction. 
A pick-axe
Finding 1 dead Baby in 100 trash bins.
Nobody likes the black ones.
Bromide
Because they had a bad experience with oranges.
Chronic-logically. 
Nothing, they just waved.
Because it's the scenter.
He was too far out, man.
Because all they can do is bone. 
It goes back  !
ence
Because all the fans left
The first name they came up with reminded them too much of olive oil.
By doing Squats.
Paints the town red
About 9 month.
Because proper tea is theft.
Kawasakey
Society.
OM MY GOD HOW DARE YOU REFER TO ME AS A PERSON!!!!! ILL HAVE YOU KNOW I AM HALV WOLF AND THREE TWENTY SEVENTIES PIXE AND HOW DARE YOU SAY GAYS AND TRANS SHOULDNT HAVE RIGHTS  YOU STUPID WHITE CIS MALE
Get jalapeño business.  
Comoniwanna. 
Her husband's salary.
Because air is free.
Bliss!
None. It should be opened by the time she brings it to the couch. 

A Dell ( probably a repost, I laughed tho)
1 dead baby in 10 dumpsters
They both were recently ironed.
What's up my nigga?!
To get to the other side!
He was Snowden.
The G
Dr. Dre
You keep hearing about em but you never see em
Please don't go off on a tangent.
An Asian porn star
So she could say hello from the other side  (If this has already been posted I might cry I thought I made this all up on my own haha)
Gotcha!
A bipolar bear.
Netflix and chill.
booBEES. I'm so sorry..
36
They need space.
Because everyone has a little bit of good in them.
L-mayo
My dick. 
It's an udder disappointment.
None. They'll just beat the room for being black.
PUNCH!
Because of the towel ban
Aussie Aus-born.
They all had blood on their hands.  Credit of the joke goes to James of FunHaus
I mean, is it a door or is it a jar?
A bipolar bear.
Because they're Snowden (snowed-in). To all the folks on the East coast, stay safe and warm.
They just didn't click together anymore.
A hipobottomless
The black man because the Pakistani was a shade lighter.
An impasta
Oedipus
Platform Flip flops !
clearly, you wouldn't know...
Only occasionally does something retarded come out of her vagina.
Parachute
Q: Why did the recruiter hire a Spider ? A: Because he wanted to hire a Strong "Web Developer".
SARAH PALIN: The chicken crossed the road because, gosh-darn it, he's a maverick! BARACK OBAMA: Let me be perfectly clear, if the chickens like their eggs they can keep their eggs. No chicken will be required to cross the road to surrender her eggs. Period. JOHN McCAIN: My friends, the chicken crossed the road because he recognized the need to engage in cooperation and dialogue with all the chickens on the other side of the road. HILLARY CLINTON: What difference at this point does it make why the chicken crossed the road? GEORGE W. BUSH: We don't really care why the chicken crossed the road. We just want to know if the chicken is on our side of the road or not. The chicken is either with us or against us. There is no middle ground here. DICK CHENEY: Where's my gun? BILL CLINTON: I did not cross the road with that chicken. AL GORE: I invented the chicken. JOHN KERRY: Although I voted to let the chicken cross the road, I am now against it! It was the wrong road to cross, and I was misled about the chicken's intentions. I am not for it now, and will remain against it. AL SHARPTON: Why are all the chickens white? DR. PHIL: The problem we have here is that this chicken won't realize that he must first deal with the problem on this side of the road before it goes after the problem on the other side of the road. What we need to do is help him realize how stupid he is acting by not taking on his current problems before adding any new problems. OPRAH: Well, I understand that the chicken is having problems, which is why he wants to cross the road so badly. So instead of having the chicken learn from his mistakes and take falls, which is a part of life, I'm going to give this chicken a NEW CAR so that he can just drive across the road and not live his life like the rest of the chickens. ANDERSON COOPER: We have reason to believe there is a chicken, but we have not yet been allowed to have access to the other side of the road. NANCY GRACE: That chicken crossed the road because he's guilty! You can see it in his eyes and the way he walks. PAT BUCHANAN: To steal the job of a decent, hardworking American. MARTHA STEWART: No one called me to warn me which way the chicken was going. I had a standing order at the Farmer's Market to sell my eggs when the price dropped to a certain level. No little bird gave me any insider information. DR SEUSS: Did the chicken cross the road? Did he cross it with a toad? Yes, the chicken crossed the road, but why it crossed I've not been told. ERNEST HEMINGWAY: To die in the rain, alone. GRANDPA: In my day we didn't ask why the chicken crossed the road. Somebody told us the chicken crossed the road, and that was good enough for us. BARBARA WALTERS: Isn't that interesting? In a few moments, we will be listening to the chicken tell, for the first time, the heartwarming story of how it experienced a serious case of molting, and went on to accomplish its lifelong dream of crossing the road. ARISTOTLE: It is the nature of chickens to cross the road. BILL GATES: I have just released eChicken2014, which will not only cross roads, but will lay eggs, file your important documents and balance your checkbook. Internet Explorer is an integral part of eChicken2014. This new platform is much more stable and will never reboot. ALBERT EINSTEIN: Did the chicken really cross the road, or did the road move beneath the chicken? COLONEL SANDERS: Did I miss one?
Not bad actually, he got high 'C's.

I don't know. He still hasn't opened his gifts.
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeye.
Mitosis.
Because he can't even.
Because they need a man to do it for them
He gives it an F5
He keeps getting pinned to the boards.
Virgin Mobile
In inches. Snakes don't have any feet.
Slow down
Shock-top
Because his wife is dead.
It didn't peso well.
Cuz I'm about to tape my dick to your forehead so you can CDs nuts
Everything
None. You don't need a light bulb when you have a glass ceiling
A mooooope
King Author
A sandy hook survivor.
Apparently its call The Hateful Ate.
Did you know that babies, fresh from the womb, can see all around them for 10 seconds.....after they're decapitated
No one... its Nguyen Nguyen!
paedophiles
A pound of rubles is worth one dollar. 
A Tomartyr
Because if they had four doors they'd be called chicken sedans.
it's going to be the longest flight ever
You cum on her feet and let the flies do the rest.
InterSTELLLLLLLAAAAAAAR
Urethra Franklin.
A McDouble Standard.
Crucified.
It had run out of lettuce
I guess you've never had to roll it down that far
An Amish drive-by shooting.
you don't you go and grab him
It's not hard.
Praying. Now what do you call it when God talks to you? Schizophrenia, it's called schizophrenia.
What do you do when you see your TV hover around the place at night?    You yell put it down n*gger.   What do you do when you see your fridge hover around the place at night?   You dont do anything, thats a big ass n*gger.
[Removed]
E V E R Y W H E R E
Because the pilot was a loaf of bread!  Now he's toast
So it wouldn't explode when he fucked it.
He was afraid of Chemo-sabe.
A: fo drizzle  b: fo shizzle  C: fo nizzle  D: fo bizzle﻿
Changing your ringtone
That's not funny.
Alive.
9/11
A Doctor you racist!
A Bi-noceros
They were Holo-costly
Astrology, cosmetology, and a pumpkin space latte
Hey,  !
Because Tails can't ketchup.
Be a Viktor, then you are Devinitely In
Arr-PG's
A woman.
Sun of a beach
Never, under no circumcises!
One's a marsupial, the other's a Geordie stuck in a lift
Skip
She can fit into your wife's clothes
European!
[removed]
Police police police police police police.
Come quietly and nobody gets hurt.
Put both of them in the trunk of your car...drive around...open the trunk and see who is happy to see you.
Depends how hard you throw them 
Nothing.
A man named Bob running down a train track (only Asians will understand)
Pringlés
El trapo.
A fire truck is red and has four wheels while this post is a complete fucking waste of your time. 
Dead people had lives. 
because it's a 
They can't handle anything that hasn't been consumed and regurgitated. 
An amateur teen ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 
Ye'd think it was R, but his first love be the C.
Because the sky is 
Only a Sith deals in absolutes
They both hire adults that look like teenagers. 
JUAN
Where is his oscar nomination?
The chicken knows on whose eggs sitting .
He's all right now.
A washing machine won't follow you around after you dump your load in it.
The training.
or did they planet
During that's when he's plugged into the know it all.
A Brazilian.
Austronomers
To see how the UDDER side lives! (Thought of it while washing the dishes, hope you all get a kick out of it.)
Bruce Boner.
A helter-skelter Hitler shelter.
Bindere Dundat
Gwyneth Paltrow's head.
Because his spurs will get stuck up his asshole! 
"I was as"salt"ed"
The wrinkles.
Or does amy schumer look like sarah silvermann sounds?
Because then the people would demand a professional football team
Italian ISIS
Because you sure are good at triggering people
Making the decision to turn off life support.
Keep the tip
They were still monkeys
High-low Ren.
20 Watts
"Just between you and me, something really smells."
They call it crack cocaine.
...a hamburger. 
Because he's two radical.
Address.
Abortion
Because it couldn't be parsed.
He was mini cooped up for to long.
Dam good question.
To get to the same side.
They're insects. I'll show myself out.
A: The letter "m."
I don't know, I don't have 2020 vision.
Because there's a good chance that you'll get hearing aids!
It's nature's way of telling us to lock them indoors
A Homesick Abortion.
Just call 911 tell them you commited a crime and your location and you will have a free ride!
It got pissed off.
Because I slam.
Whenever they get a corner they set up a convenience store
Gnome alone.
You can only fit one dick inside a condom.
A depresso
An ass hole
Nah, it's too cheesy.
Pacific rim
Narcolepsy
They are constantly putting millions of pounds of crap on it.
The devil has standards.

I can't believe this.  What did he tell his atheist friend? You won't believe this.
A subwoofer.
They wanted to be Soba... I heard that a few days ago and wanted to share it.
Oh don't mind him, he's just the product of our times!
Teacher: Why is your paper blank? Student: Sometimes silence is the best answer ! :D :D
He's billed as Alan Rickgamortis edit: Dievid Bowie does the music (read it like he would say it)
Dragon Lips.
Because you never know how many inches you'll get or how long it will last..
... the holocaust.
They don't know where home is.
I don't care. You pick
They cantaloupe.
A leper's clit 
A criminal mastermind ...
Philippe Philoppe
I got really Stalloned the other night.
One's Cupid stunts...
The NoDinar
Asif
Nice belt.
A DaVincheese curl
With relish
A Pokémon
They both made Americans despise great whites!
She thought he could come in handy. (I'll let myself out)
A Bowl (B-Owl)
edit: i forgot to say please.
Because they don't like Dick's. 
I've never heard of that court case.
The dick up your ass
Boy scouts come back from their camp.
I can't ROM my dick in your arse
Hilary Clinton is running for president.
Hotdogs taste like shit 
I can't jelly my dick down your throat. 
At the army surplice store.
He pasta way
Nine inch nails
Nothing.
<in a Dutch accent> Not much Gouda
St. Patrick's day everybody wants to be Irish.
He got his gas bill.
He said "now I have to cleanse my germy knee"
Because of their cold black hearts.
A bird-watcher.
888 MSG
It's capital has been Dublin for a long time.
1forest1
Nothing...because she was in the kitchen where she belongs.
Because her coach was always a pumpkin.
I dont have a Lambo in my Garage...
Puns
There was de-brie everywhere.
I'm sure the title will be enough to do it.
Because the last black man to have a dream got shot.
I get that Kayle is an extremely simple champion mechanically but she's not completely braindead. I always seem to have a lot of death's on kayle but it's not like I feel I am going in too hard. I don't really know how to play team fights as her or how to play lane. I just don't really "get her" even though I really like her.  EDIT: The joke is that it's the wrong subreddit.
Cuz we killed the only one with a dream!!! (I'm very sorry, he was a great man whose death should be treated with respect) Happy MLK Day!
"I got a filling, woo-hoo!"
Let's save humanity.
They're dropping like Freys!
Make way, children. 
A Brick.
"Can't say I have." "That's because it hasn't came out yet."
Their hips.
Because they are always losing  pounds.
Ze Anne Frank, But its so Hard to find
Nothing! You can't use it anywhere!
His dick is covered in blood.
They're dark comedies.
I heard it on the radio where all involved laughed and I've since found it on the internet but I'm still none the wiser? Here goes: Man goes in to a hardware store and asks the owner for a tin of blue paint. The owner replies  I'm very sorry I only have red paint. The man says that's fine I have my bike outside. Am I a bit thick or is this a shit joke??  All I can deduce is he's saying he can go elsewhere or the hardware store owner can borrow his bike to get the paint.
Acne waits until a boy is 13 to come on his face. 
Because we killed the one who had a dream. Happy MLK day
Manuel.
Because he was too far out man.
Because of the Endor-fans.
Very little. 

Because they weren't good at Chopin.
Eclipse it.
Go pee on a pregnancy test just for some good news.
Kilt
He wanted to feed his nightmares. 
...To get to the other side.
because it was pharmacy.
Me: bro, you were there.
Saladdin.
His CAWk.
Kenya West
No, I said it was Breezy.
He was always full of shit
Ninety-nine dollars plus tips.
Terrible at CC
You have to cut her fingers off so she can't tell anyone!
Im hard
They both get loaded from the rear and go whoo-whoo!
In Flint Michigan you can get gasoline that is unleaded.
A twatstika. 
Because it was invented by a black person!
He wanted to get a long little doggy
because those who take them never bring them back.
You'd think it's for the booty, but they really read it for the arrrticles.
2 in the front, 3 in the back, and 20 in the ashtray
He got the sack.
Because they didn't Lajka.
A minor
Cruz control.
He was too far out man!!
They both travel around Uranus looking for Klingons.
None, because they keep on asking why all of the other light bulbs in the house aren't being changed at the same time.
It ain't hard.
A Robin Williams.
I hear he blew his house.
They count sheeple.
Because when they hear "Hoe Down" they think their sister got shot. 
Beatrix Potter.
A self-raising flower.  I'm so sorry.
Because MaHamHid
You don't talk about them, you have them.
Cancer.
Put it backwards and it spells racecar, put it sideways and it kills Paul Walker. 
Gets jalapeno business.
Because if they had 4 doors, it'd be considered a chicken sedan!
A Turnip.
'Cause you are long and sweet.
Pho queue
Because he had a hard drive!
I didn't know disasters can run for office
To get to the little bitch's house.
It ain't hard
He was too far out man
Bi Polar
My life (  ._.)
None. They already glow. 
He was outstanding in his field
Spelling classes!
To boost his link karma!
The train to Auschwitz. Some German guy i used to play Path of Exile with told it to me.
None. They're too afraid of the electricity.
Garbage gets picked up.
In Bhuddapest
You pay them and get fucked
He's on route.
How high you tie it on a tree.
Cause Ken cums in another box...
Women
One. He stands in place while the whole world revolves around him. 
Don't be stupid, feminists can't change anything.
Depresso 
They were in ca .
I'm going to crumb! ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Her daughter replies: No, actuary... 
X-Men.
Piece of cake. 
Cliffsides (because it's so steep).
None, they just shoot the room for being dark.
Burkina Fatso
They peng-win
Cause it's what's on the inside that counts! EDIT: it was a joke guys:(
Three lines 
Pappu: As old as I am.  Master: How is it possible?  Pappu: He became father only after I was born.
It's making all the headlines. 
Student: Because of the sign on the road. Teacher: What type of sign? Student: The sign that says, “School Ahead, Go Slow.”
He might give away spoilers!
They are just trying to raise a family in peace. 
If you leave yoghurt alone for 2000 years it'll develop a culture.
Icy Dead People
Because it wasn't born yesterday.
He was born ina 1818.
Twilight Gap
A pilot you racist asshole
Thanks Verstappen.
Ka-Mayomayo
Snotzies 
[Something something Irish drunk person]
halloumi
A Ford Exploder.
One less drunk.
Ones for coming and ones for going. 
It's a nightmare.
Car pole tunnel syndrome
Sex offender.
She comes with all of Ken's stuff.
They found her Head & Shoulders in the glove compartment.
Once removed.
To screw your mother, what did you expect?
Ultraviolent
A prostidude!
Because the Knights are shorter then.
He gems out his dip cup
Student: Mouthwash. Teacher: Get out.
Because they cantelope!
Americans put it everywhere!
It's a fugazi. 
Well.... You cut a hole in the ice, lay fish all around it, run behind the tree and wait... polar bear comes up and eats the fish... then, you run up and kick him in the ICEHOLE!!!! HAHAHAHAHA
A conductor.
Virgin Mobile
They were two lecturers.
A Fascist
DJ Nocide.
A man walks in to his local butchers and asks, "What happened to your assistant? He was a lovely, young boy" "Oh, I had to fire him" replied the butcher, "He kept putting his dick in the bacon slicer" "Really?! What happened to the bacon slicer?" "Oh... I fired her too."
It's just not their Kappa tea
Dessert.  Buh Dum  CHHHHHHH
69 cents.
Nunn.
Because it doesn't have to stop off to change color!
Goquan
Hebrews it
He missed everything!
White Power Ranger!
His own ass.
To have sex with your mom.
They realized with a family like theirs, they really Cantaloupe.
When it shows no vital sines
Depends where you put the cucumber 
He'd be scratching at the lid of his coffin yelling, "Let me out! I'm alive! Let me out!!"
An African or European swallow
Uncles in your pants 
He's not much to look at, but he's a great listener.
"STOP RESISTING!!!"
A kidager
Do I have to ask them to resend the authentication email, update my address or do I have to go to my local white privilege depot to request the trial edition of white privilege before I get the real thing?
The theater was too Darth.
Need to know ASAP.
Not your dad, that's for sure!
A Pencil cause he's full of lead!
His carrion bag.
A: Hold my purse.
Pati 'O' Furniture
He saw his gas bill..
Those trees are scared!
He woke up!
Gets jalapeño business
God doesn't think he's Donald Trump!
Neither Alan Rickman nor David Bowie
Gaseous Clay
Mmm... Sam, Bilbo and Frodo.
A milkshake.
Rabies!
Traditional gender rolls.
Is molestation rape foreplay? Is it rude to molest someone and then not rape them? Woman: I didn't let him rape me because he did not molest me first. I'm not that type of girl.
Because they can't tell afib
Ground and federal expresso
Hare loss. 
Yeah - but it wasn't much of a suit. It was actually a brief case. 
Mathematicians don't struggle with integration.
a dirt bike
Cut Alaska in two and make Texas the third largest state!
He was a miner. 
A cherry float.
It was covered in smagma.
Kick Princess Leia in the jaw.
Everything. Most people just don't realize it though.
...................................................,....................................................BECAUSE THE PILOT WAS A LOAF OF BREAD!
Just swallow.
An undercover cop!
a computer.
Ve have vays of making you tock...
So she could say Hello from the outside.
Gutterskype.
Aye, ye think it be "R", but it be the "C!"
Nun!
Yeah I heard it's going to be on Blu-Rey!
The pizza can feed a family of four.
Basset Houndini
A Five-seven.
Yassir Yabetcha
He lost his sense of humerus.
RickRosstrich.
He came out of nowhere!
Wok n' Roll
So she could say "hello from the udder side"
HE drank coffee before it was cool,  man
Because Anakin was ... unarmed.
Because Intermediate value theorem
It kills 99.9% of Germs.
Oak wood.
Merci.
A nail gun.
Cologne.
My ass.
Put it in a microwave until its Bill Withers
Mack-a-Dameon.
A leg.
When they transfer you to steve.
That's right. 10.
He still hasn't unwrapped his present.
I was just nuts over her
20-30 years in prison
Its cheesy.
Nothing. She's fine.
Because no Juan will vote for him.
Because they're ugly and they smell bad.
That you call them and in 10minutes you have them h...
It becomes very tense.
....getting her out of the wheelchair. 
He spends all of his time on the dashboard.
because they hate french press
It's a perfect 5/7.
It was fucking nuts. 
A caw-cawphony
An envelope!
They are all too Big To Fail.
You don't have to pay for a vibrator. 
He worked it out with a pencil.
An impasta.
They ctrl+alt+delete the history thru don't want anyone to find 
How do you get a baby in a bowl?  With a mixer.  How do you get it out?  "With nachos.
How bout I fuck you in the ass, how'd you like them apples!
Because i can see Uranus through my binoculars at night.
Uta Hagen daz.
One US Leader
Nurse: Doctor, the patient's life support is acting strange.  . . Doctor: Have you tried turning it off and on again? 
The ICU (I-see-you!)
Hi ho, hi ho, it's off to work we go
Hypertrophy!
Women's rights!
Neckrophilia 
A skywalker. (I'm really sorry)
Mordin Volus 
A little Juan
I had a bagel.
Because his dick was stuck in the chicken.
Because the American people could never make it through the erection without raughing. 
Nothing, he just keeps the tips.
M'Laysia
The raindeer.
African American Horror Story
A Grrrrrrrrrrrnade!
WATAAAAAAAAAAA!
Se-cant.
Siri: 
cos sin
Adolfin. 
Its because they're both pussies!!
"I heard it through the grapevine."
Use some antioxidants 
Child Obesity.
Cuz it's a running nose
"Get a womb, you two."
PedoPHILE
Disappointment™
You fuck her.
"Mad Cow Disease" was taken.
A baby.
she got Holm schooled              [  told me to go here >.>]
The feet
Tenplates
Its called "The Coma Sutra". 
They always stick to the speed limit in front of schools.
At least you can see the asshole in front of you when you're eating pussy.
Because women are right.
A David Blowie.
They both ride bikes and are on a mission.
None, he fell.
Carlos. 
Carry the Juan
Porn sometimes features good music. R.I.P
Hijab
They both like a tight seal!
Because it teaches them to shoot, run and steal.
Tell them to clap until daddy gets home
to cover up their long black hair
One is used to kill brats, the other makes brats.
the black dress
Disarmed. 
When it comes to the police car, all the pricks are on the inside!
What POC means.
They both want to get there before the hare does.
Blow.
Single.
A slug
An Autipsy. 
There's 20 of them...
To put the bones on the other side.
Because he was a Jew.
Eh... It's tso-tso.
Because they love nitpicking. 
Rib it...duh!
Because BB-8
Because they're port workers.
World history already exists
They tell you.
Because it was a cloud
Because you're only 1/10.
Because it was too much Hassel
Because 7 8 9.
Because it's either Sunni or Shi'ite
A Jewish submarine.
A paramedics. 
Cause if you do, please tellus
Because they sing "hymns" not "hers"
Nevermind, it's my wurst joke
Apparently you first have to remove your daughter.
punfire.
By occident
You pullet.
One has hope in her soul, The other has soap in her hole.
Fe, because it's so ironic
Not 6. My basement is still dark.
Because he doesn't fucking exist.
Lawsuits!
When he takes out the trash
Because he should not be FUCKING RAAWWW!!
Because it is the year of the monkey.
He hosted a Democratic Party.
Because the grass tickles their balls when they run.
Because in charge of distribution, Yoda was.
Man: "Hi there, would you like to play barbies?" Lady: "I guess so?" Man: "Awesome, I'll be Ken and you can be the box I come in."
He was in de-Nile.
Fitting in…

They never get old…
When you find your dads wedding ring in your sister…
Cross-country
Because he shows up the fastest.
Due to unforseen circumstances 
Turns out one of Jackie Chan's Relatives is directing it. His Uncle, I believe.     He's calling it "ONE   THING!"
I put on the wrong sock this morning
A steak out.
 it's because of some cannibalism story going around.
Stephen Hawking in a house fire. 
Because they had a point
Bubble gum. 
+4407
Get off me daddy, you're crushing my smokes
Dead.
Hey, the person you're talking to said to give me a few bucks.
Not you!
I'm taking her to pound town
John WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
my cock.
Jus
Aliens abduct a fisherman 
My zipper
stevie wonder answering the iron
The lottery.  It's over $800 million folks! Dragged this joke back for the occasion. 
So he can fit in his spaceship.
A toddler can count past two...
A: a cucumber
It grew square roots.
Carlos
denim denim denim
Jose and Hose B
He didn't want to be plotted against.
Because it's a Dell.
They're trying to make America grate again
Were You Home Schooled?
On second thought, there's no doubt in my mind.
Kid asks, "Where are your buccaneers?" Pirate replies, "They're under my Buccan Hat!"
He swings both ways.
More often than not, they were called "peasants" 
He's all right now. 
The expression on their face when they're getting nailed.
A waist of time.
Because he Kant drive Immanuel.
The long long farm.
Kool aids
One bear
I've never heard of it
Embuzzlement! You're damn right
Agave Maria
The roof', the roof', the roofies on fire!
American teenage girls get stoned BEFORE they have sex.
Because he could nazi anything
Rapefruit
miracle whip 
Tulips on your organ.
Nah, I must stay.
SMASHING!
In the mainstream
As Mandy Moore times as I want to. 
A lot of bang for your buck.
Because they couldn't find 3 wise men and a virgin.
Chapped lips
When it's ajar
A mosquito will stop sucking after you slap it.
No? That's because it hasn't come out yet.
Answer:Clinton has two more letters in it.
To get some cock.
Because he was a little chile 
Because he did not want to be part of a pyramid scheme
Because they're not Z's!
You put them in prism
Now there are four! Solid, liquid, gas, and black lives.
His bean-stock went up.
Some old stuff just got dug up 
She'd ............................ get it
Crossfit.
Cha Ching
Before he went off on a tangent, he hanged himself with a hypote-noose.
Crimson Tide
The five states of matter are now as follows: gas, liquid, solid, plasma, black lives.
GEORGE ZIMMERMAN 
Boo-bees!
Because he's a calcul-hater.
Because deep down they're really nice people.
Michael J Fox
Oscillate its tit a lot.
Because Freedom Rings!
Tyrannosaurus Wrecks
I kneaded the dough.
No? Then come over here. (Yeah, I know. The punchline just isn't right yet.)
Grass. I lied about the wheels. 
a Mushroom
The middle yeast
udini
Because his career is in ruins.
It has terrible characters, Noah is the only one with an arc.
He gets stumped.
Limp Biscuit.
One is a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean!
Germany/Brazil/2016
One is getting erect, and the other is getting e-wrecked.
I dunno I just fly the drone.....
bruce jenner
Fruity punch
Shuriken
Ayeee-Matey
It didn't have a stable relationship.
Because it runs in your genes!
A brick
Dubai fours
Soba noodles!
DD-WRT
He gets a pencil and works it out.
A fridge with a denim jacket on.
The Grand I-slam
Beep repaired...
Sexy children. 
Never faget.
When Eight ate eight
PENNAY!
El Chapo
No, BB-8.
A: His brother running with the V.C.R
Because they're over cum with joy.
He threw out all the computers with "dy" on them.
Señor Manager 
Because he always uses the force.
They're real cute when they are young but at a certain age they start getting scary.
He doesn't he just talks about how great it use to be 
ctrl + C
9 months
...telling your dad you're gay
A slightsabre
She opens the car door.
Juan by Juan
He had a stroke.
He is all right now.
El Niño 
Every time I fuck your girlfriend, she gives me a cookie
Well...apparently more than four.
Fish.
It only takes 1 nail to hang the picture of Jesus Christ
A: You could eat a bowling ball if you had to. 
An inside job.
Because it has a lattitude problem.
A civil serpent.
A Honda quaalude. (Credit to my girlfriend)
Salt Lick City
...Oh don't worry , they'll tell you
A pickpocket snatches watches.
How do you embarrass an archaeologist? Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
Japotle.
100% of people can go fuck themselves. Told to me by a cab driver in New Orleans.
You just stand in a corner, they are usually around 90 degrees.
Because it was A Dell
The wheelchair.
Hundreds and thousands were lost
Terra-fied.
Original Content
"You wanna stop in and suck down a couple of cold ones?"
Black people can't swim.
They both know how to throw a ho-down.
If they flew over the bay they would be baygulls. My dad told me this like 10 years ago and I can't get it out of my head...
Because they have no i's (plural of i).  Edit: eyes. Eyes guys. It's a bad pun. 
The boron.
A high phive! I'll see myself out now.
Shit's intense.
Scüber!
Konnichihuahua
He was shellfish.
They're always looking for some sort of change!
Re-fried beans!
He was an Ursa Major
Cos they're trident tested. #noapologies
He called I New Deli.
One. We are efficient and don't like humour.
Both were caught with their finger in the dyke.
Shell expectation
No, but april may. ~~ sorry, I just love bad jokes~~
AIDS
Mary. Lied about her extramarital affair, still believed by billions.
Frito Leah's
The sock under my bed.
Goes back four seconds.
She didn't have any arms. Bonus: Knock knock.            Who's there?        Not the little girl... EDIT: Pardon the crappy delivery, english isn't my fist language. ;)
deez nuts
Kick his sister in the jaw 
Because mad cow disease was already taken 
X-Men
No? Well that's because it never came out 
Because the line for the new Yeezys had gotten so long that, to ensure crowd safety, the overnight employees at the local Footlocker had to relocate part of the overflow to a less populated area, the most convenient of which turned out to be the sidewalk on the other side of the street.
They can both smell it, but can't eat it..
Gandhi's political power was born from his ultra modest means - but it came at a price. His feet were in terrible condition due to his insistence on wearing rough leather sandals. Hunger strikes weakened his immune system and he was very prone to illness, but in his moments of weakness, he is said to have had incredible visions. When he did eat, his diet was extremely poor, cursing him with life long bad breath. Which, in summary, means he was a super calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis..!
NEEEEEEEEOOOOOOWWWWWWW
A 100$ bill 
Because criminals keep turning themselves into the police.
When you open it you hear whhhy do iiii have to get a job.  (Whiney voice)   also I stole this joke!!!!  If he shows up and claims it that's fine but I won't credit it to him cause you know racist.
Your job still sucks 
The A-Men
"You shall not gas!"
Vanilla Isis.
He was diagnosed with shrecktal cancer.
In his Baracks 
Because they're shellfish
A cockadockapoo.
Why don't you google it?
American.
No, but it does when you launder it!  
Humburgers! 
Meowzel tov
Ash 
A: When he got the momentum, he couldn't find the position, and when he found the position, he couldn't muster up the momentum.  
For the watch . 
He Kermitted suicide
She has to chew.
Martini
If you answered "Ranch", you are mistaken...it was a trick question. Cowboys don't eat salad.
A sans sheriff!
I couldnt find the spanish section of reddit
Because they have the biggest cow center.
2 calves, an ass, a beaver, a camel toe, a bunch of hares and a fish no one can find.
Have you ever seen the trail a snail leaves?
Comet.
Urea!
He's never met a woman he hasn't knocked out.
They handsome money to the cashier
A screwdriver
Every time they start to count, they fall asleep. 
The ninja replies with "Wata!"
A zune
A chef doesn't stir yesterday's food.
Ever open a grilled cheese sandwich?
Sprint 
He drank his coffee before it was cool.
Sweet Nothings.
I expect to Potter-own 'em.
Juan.
A stitchadicktomy
Because the grass tickles their balls.
Because if so she would be a Ma Seuss.
One is relevant and can get you a job. The other you went to university for. 
Get a child and then perform sex-altering surgery.  Then you become a transparent.
Because it's two gross.  source: someone told me this joke, it's not my joke.
Names. Because they used to laugh and call him Names. Credit to my dad.
Dr. Dre
"Breaking Bad"
An Impasta 
"Make me one with everything."
The screen stays black when you check the time. 
Steph curry
No? Them neither
Oh shit, this isn't Google.
Ho ho ho
Sneakers. Huehuehue.
Depends on how hard you throw em.
If I get bored I can't watch porn and coat. 
Their scared they'll say something nigative 
They prefer a cat-alogue.
Juan
Ice melt it.
'Eclipse it.
Because she could only say Hello from the other side.
Not because he was in to bestiality, you Islamophobe. He was at the petting zoo for his wife's 9th birthday.
A condescending con descending
No, BB-8.
When Jesus went up for the cross.
Sock-a-gawea.
400 Million Dollars.
Kick his mother in the jaw.

Flemmy
Anyone can roast beef.
A pool table.
A widow.
How do we find the egg in all this shit?
One slip of the tongue and you're in for some shit.  (It is probably a re-post but I'm sure I've heard it IRL, besides what isn't a Re-post these days anyway?)
"You are now Manuelly breathing."
It holocausts one. 
They should've gone with the Hurricanes. 
The wheelchair
All their windows fell out
No, but they paws.
We gon be all white
Having tulips on your organ!
Wanna go ride a bike?
Doctor.
Because then it would be a foot..
So they don't whistle on the way down! (Ba-dum tish)
Because he wasn't born yesterday
When it's only a galaxy
It scares the shit out the dogs.
BanDDoS
The 100-meter daesh. Q: What's Isis' favorite punctuation mark? A: The em-daesh. Q: How much cinnamon does the Isis recipe for gingersnaps call for? A: Just a daesh.
Uniball
A 
A teacher is explaining biology to her 4th grade students.  "Human beings are the only animals that stutter", she says. A little girl raises her hand "I had a kitty-cat who stuttered", she volunteered. The teacher, knowing how precious some of these stories could become, asked the girl to describe the incident. "Well", she began, "I was in the back yard with my kitty and the Rottweiler that lives next door got a running start and before we knew it, he jumped over the fence into our yard!" "That must've been scary", said the teacher. "It sure was", said the little girl.  "My kitty raised his back, went 'Fffff, Fffff, Fffff'....And before he could say ‘fuck', the Rottweiler ate him!"
He forgot 2pac his bullet proof vest
They are both green and get smoked in bowls!
To the water, it is time!  Or in french...  ... BWA HA HA HA.  OK... I know this is kind a dad joke but.... yeah (for those don't speak French and thus don't get this, click the link and click the speaker to have it read to you ;) )
Dachau
Oedipus.
Two pirates
Neighbor
Top Gear,                    
They don't question the smell.
What are you going to spend forty dollars on, I mean really why do you need thirty dollars?
Spaghetto
Said Cartman.
Because you're making my penis levitate. 
So you can tell them apart from blueberries!
To say hello from the other side.
A rooster says "cock-a-doodle-do" and a Hooker says "any cock will do."
He's all right now. 
Not having to listen to awful dad jokes.
A New Years RESOLUTION
Hey, hey, hey,  it was only a pudding pop!
The power of missed-erection.
There is none. All of us hope that the next version will be more stable.
26
DO YOU WANT TO BUY A FROG?  rip. 
One of them is purple 
Viagra
You check its logbook
Beetruet
Mein Kraft
I DON'T KNOW I DON'T HAVE 4 YEAR VISION!!!!!!!!!!
That'd be a shitty way to die.
Natalie Wood.
Yes.
Because they find it insaltine. 
A building in Dubai.
They both always seem to end up in your clothes
He only "comes" once a year
A Cameron Diaz
Mother, “How was school today, Patrick?” Patrick, “It was really great mum! Today we made explosives!” Mother, “Ooh, they do very fancy stuff with you these days. And  what will you do at school tomorrow?” Patrick, “What school?”
A cold-dog
11, because it is another 1.
Put him in a concentration camp. 
It chips.
A farmer is lying in bed with his wife when he turns to her grabs her tits and says "Honey if you could get milk out of these we could sell the cow". Then he grabs her pussy and says "Honey if you could get eggs out of here we could sell the chickens". She turns to him smiles,grabs his dick and says "Honey if you could get this up I could get rid of your brother"
A: It depends how hard you throw them.
Facul-tea
Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't 10% off
Pregnant
He likes it dirty.
Because if they fell forward, they'd still be in the boat.
Well the acne wont cum on your face until you are 13.
The rotation of the earth
Not because he was in to bestiality, you Islamophobe. He was at the petting zoo for his wife's 9th birthday
'cause they're ugly and they stink.
Do you want to come to my kryptonite?
You brown it on one side, then throw it in the pot!
New Ears Eve
They all have chinks in their armor.
Cock-A-Doodle-Doo
Yeah the lyrics are really spelt: Cum together  Right now  Over me
The liver
so she could moan with the left
It goes something like if an infinite number of Redditors typed away on keyboards, one of them will eventually type a complete day of work.
He kept trying to tune her G string.
Bill Cosby
Because every time he did, he'd catch a whopper.
They just work it out with a pencil!
Foreskin divers
Anything by Judas Priest and Nine Inch Nails.
Your mom can't take a joke.
Because Americans use imperial unit system.
You've gotta hand it to her
But how can it have a resolution?
I haven't seem any all year! (It's 12:00 NZST)
Anal deva-station
Some people say "nothing", but my stock portfolio's looking promising.
Deaf. Because the blind community can't see each other often.
About 568 horses.
Singapore.
Jill woke up one morning after a hail storm that night. Her car had dents all over it. It was incredibly bad damage, so she brought it into a local auto repair to get the dents fixed. The mechanic, noticing that Jill was blonde, thought he would have a little fun. He simply told her that there is an easy solution to this dent problem of hers! He instructed her, "go home and blow into the tailpipe of your car really really hard and all the dents will just pop out!" So, upon hearing the wonderful trick, Jill goes home and tried blowing. She blew and blew and blew, but the dents didn't pop out. After a couple more attempts her blonde roommate, Katie, came home and asked her what she was doing. "The mechanic told me to blow into my tailpipe to get all of these hail dents to pop out", Jill explained. Katie started laughing historically, "no, no silly", she said, "you have to roll up your windows first!"
The drone.
Because their head's close to their butt.
The mafia doesn't like witnesses.
He was gelded.
He's now a seasoned veteran.
A drunk drives right through a stop sign, a stoner waits for it to turn green.
Women Say the Darndest Things
They barium.
Amino acid!
M'nigga
Q: Why are economists so rarely called out for being the wankers they are? A: Because they rely on “the invisible hand”. And of course, there are the economist variants of the lightbulb joke, originating in a 1994 Wharton Journal, as later recapped in Forbes: Q: How many economists does it take to change a light bulb? A1: None. The darkness will cause the light bulb to change by itself. A2: None. If it really needed changing, market forces would have caused it to happen. A3: None. If the government would just leave it alone, it would screw itself in. A4: None. There is no need to change the light bulb. All the conditions for illumination are in place. A5: None. Because, look! It’s getting brighter! It’s definitely getting brighter!!! A6: None. They’re all waiting for the unseen hand of the market to correct the lighting disequilibrium.
Swing!
All of them.
... lol lol lol lol ...
The slide into poverty.
I don't fuck a sandwich before I eat it.
Dress up her as an altar boy.
One is a Tale of Two Cities...
Because they don't do shit.
Heracles beat Cancer
Denim Denim Denim......
The DOWNS truck is a little slow.
"Marriage.. you wanna?"
Addictionary
Trap Queen
So he can fit in his spaceship.
You can get a prosecutor to indict the ham sandwich.
JabbaScript
A Brazilian
Dr. Dre
Fruit can't talk
Alge-Bras!!
I'm riding solo, I'm riding solo, I'm riding solo solo
Ever tried swatting a fly with a TV?
An alie-kin
A small medium at large.
A car thief who can't drive
Everywhere
They have double barrels. Probably a repeat, but my brother in law hadn't heard it so I figured I would post it.
A Narc.
John Wayne stopped killing Indians 
A meowtain!
He lay awake at night, wondering if there is a dog. 
You never forget
I'd tell it to you but it's a bit insensitive to tell jokes about youth in Asia.
Killed.
Because it's a gas planet.
The emancipator-procreator.
Food.
Reuse.
They don't want to be left hanging 
To find inner peas!
Ana-kin
It was his privilege.
He was getting straight D's
Because it's a contact sport.
Because then they'd be two tired
Telepathetic.
Deez Nutz
Guacamelee
A microwave doesn't brown your meat
A cemetery
Pass it on - or, rather, don't.
Kick their daughter in the jaw.
To say hello to the other side.
Because he Neverlands.
Brody Jenner, Bruce's / Caitlyn's son First joke posted. 
Paraboly 
Because two Wongs can't make a white.
They're hoping for meatier showers
unaPEELING
squid
Your mom cant take a joke.
Jose and Hose B
Because after you eat one, you want samoa!
Photosynthesis!
Winning the jackpot in two separate lotteries at the same time.
Consecutive normal punches
With the hedgehog the pricks can be seen on the outside and with a Jeep the prick can be seen on the inside.
Because freedom rings.
Tickled.
Because they were mated.
Women's rights
He heard little boys pants were 50% off...
It was a huge drug bust
Guy: Hey girl did you get those pants on sale? Girl: No why. Do they look bad? Guy: No cause they'd be 100% off at my place.
You can tuna piano, but you cant piano tuna!
Kick his sister in the jaw.
Burn a question mark on their front lawn.
one is a Crusty bus station, and the other is a Busty Crustacean!
Oil of Oy Vey. 
Because he's only got little legs.
Because i put on the wrong socks.
Michael Chewbacca EDIT: Some people don't get the joke..... Michael schumacher is a F1 race car driving legend. 
You can't hotel your dick into someone's ass.
Boo-kakke.
Mad props...
Because there's no plate like chrome for the hollandaise. 
Tentacles.
They're fun guys!
LAND HO!
Granny are you okay,I said granny are you okay,are you okay granny?!
It's white and on their land.
None really. You can add as much butter as you want, kids just won't enjoy them.
Cuz you know something's about to go down. Im sorry
Duke Nukem.
..to find himself.
A punchline.
It hurts, but olive.
They call it Dante's Alfredo!
Nah Imma stay
The Congolese basketball player is an inch taller than the French toddler, has one less sexually transmitted disease and his hands are full with just one ball.
On the side of his head.
If you see sap buckets on telephone poles. 
My ass 
A kweer.
A pedal physician in the fetal position.
because they are baked.
It's called Skinder
A Thesaurus.
How do you kill a clown? DING DONG. Someone got the joke.
He knew that some of them wouldn't miss the blind ...
A four-chin teller.
: "Why ya going to the airport? Flying Somewhere?" : "How'd you guess?" : "Well, I saw your luggage, then when I saw the airplane ticket I put two and two together. So where you headed?" : "Aspen." : "Mmm, California.. Beautiful."  
They both lie about their emissions.
He kneaded a poo
"See you next month."
Kick his sister in the jaw.
Def Leppard
Piece of cake. 
You get your wife back. Your house back. Your truck back. Your dog back...
... 2 bad.
They found traces of Mercury in him.
The food's ok, but it has no atmosphere. 
Because open balls are in his neighborhood
Finding a vein in a hot dog.
because it is white and on their land
Philippe Philoppe.
Gladiator.
Because its two tyred
They're both fucking close to water.
11, because it has another one
Green night
I guess you have never had to roll it back that far.
No, there's naan left. 
Vegetarians.  Source: I'm Chinese.
Those who practice them don't want any beef with people.
Why is Santa so jolly? Because he knows where all the naughty girls live. Happy Holidays Fun!
A blow up doll
A psychopath.
I could tell by your poor style.
Clean Teathstwood.
Because of all the seaweed!
An abortion doctor.
Shoot him in June.
Very satisfying.
There was no punch-line. 
Leonardo DiCabrio
Great Food! No atmosphere.
By walking. JK. Rowling.
A brown recluse.
They think that everything Israel.
Sublime.
He is Homoless
One does not simply fly in Turkish airspace without Erdogan's permission.
...I can't jelly my dick up your ass (courtesy of my younger brother, lol)
because there's no chaaaannggggeeeee
Cause he knows where all the bad girls live.
Dr Dre...
To say hello from the other side
A: Because he could explain the Bush administration's positions on civil liberties in the original German!
A: The Crime Rate!
So they don't explode when you fuck 'em.
Never mind. It's too long.
I don't know. I don't have 2020 Vision.
By looking at a bomb
A guy married his cousin. when they were at their honeymoon, they made sex, she had no idea what was he doing "poor girl". when they came back she asked her husband about it, he explaind, after he went to work, she went to the store. while she was coming back she saw a family friend, she asked him to come by to drink a cup of coffee, while they were talking, she asked him, Do you love sex? He said yes, she was really hot tho. Then she said: my husband will be back soon, he'll fuck both of us.
BOO! Langerieeee!
Their balls are just for decoration
He looked at his gas bill.
Did you hear Chewbaca won the NFL MVP his first year in the league? It was a great Wookie season!
Because they are always up to something.
They don't make them any longer.
When it's ajar.
A submarine, obviously.
You da real MP3. 
An apology. 
Garbage gets thrown out.
Armageddon.
It ran to the unstable.
Adobe Wan Kenobi
a group, you racist.
They're both imaginary
Because 7 raped snow white
The Rice-child was born.
Because they don't run. 
"The track is alright."
Satan comes down the chimney.
Carry it around in your pocket for a while and it'll be on every selfie you take.
By icicle.
Just kidding, you can't change anything in the United States.
Asbestos he can. I'm so sorry.
He couldn't make hands meet.
Because Reddit SUCKS.
Simplifiying Radicals. (MATH joke)
'Cos once you go black, you never go back.
An empty playground
He got caught taking a leek
Claustrophobic 
Pan nick at the disc co.﻿
So deaf people can enjoy them too!
Why did the second monkey fall off the tree? Why did the third monkey fall of the tree?  Peer pressure.
Freeze a jolly good fellow
To get to the other side
Orange is new black [p.s. - not my original, my friend told me this one]
Because he only comes once a year.
A WHITE Christmas!
A wrapper.
They hit the town and blow a few bucks.
Says the punch line first, he does.
A ho ho ho.  (merry xmas!)
A krilling spree!
...because sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away!
It hasn’t been tested on mice.
"Sorry, I just needed to vent"
It let out a little wine Eh....eh..eh
In an ash tray
When there's a stamp on it.
An insecurity guard 😏
Secret Satan.
He felt his presents. 
A ricest.
"Good morniiiiiiing ladies!"
It was all a myth-take!
For me, a year's supply.
Stung.
North Pole-land
Snowballs!
He only comes once a year
Because it soots him!  Beat that!!
Like spending time with your whole family, getting tons of Xboxes and play stations. Heaping servings of food, etc.
Abortion.
It goes back four seconds!
He smiled and told me "I have Parkinson"
Sennah.
They go into town and blow a few bucks.
Wrap your package before you shove it down the chimney.
He was dragged away by a strong current.
A zoombie
He spied her man.
Because he was hoping for a screamer or a moaner.
My ass.....nyahahahaha (10 points for who knows the source of this classic joke)
Six foot force :)
Because he only comes once a year.  Like most jokes on this thread this is stolen, not being a shitcunt and taking credit...
Bernie Sandmaster Flash
Netflix and pill
"I chose to sleep with that woman.  I chose to sleep with that woman in the oval office and do some other sexual things, not because I was hard, but because she was easy."
The balls are just for decoration
Because the didn't have the guts to do it.
It lacks gravity.
Because you already read it.
Fur traders.
One’s a Goodyear. The other’s a   year.
Bbecause they were all tied up...
He only comes once a year. 
They listed his condition as stable.
The time God took to cook us
So you know my pull out game is strong.
Both get thrown out when they have no use
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
Put a windshield in front of them
Because his wife is dead
Public hair Ill show myself out..
Your mom.
A lessoff.
A gf gif gift grift
Well hung.
You cry because you shoved a cactus up your peckar.
A threesome. 
To say hello from the other side
Helmets and Spades. Tee hee.
Because for the rest of the year he's in prison for breaking into people's houses.
Dr Dre
Because no woman will wear same dress year after year for same occasion.
Elon's musk
Klondike Bar
Climate 
9/11
To get some Sioux veneers
The odds are against them.
Jew-Jew!
In the direct line of fire of a Storm Trooper.
Ginger bread
"Nice fuckin' belt."
If he was going to be Impotent he wanted to look impotent. (important) 
He starts coffin...
He single handedly stops crime.
Because they have trouble taking a Wii.
Because they'd been floored by his punch.
A: Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
It's called a Vegetable Stand.
Shoot him before he hits the water. 
Two!  One to screw it in and one to suck my dick. *Drew Carey 
The iLiner. 
Patme! Patme! Credit to my wife on this one
Because you have to open pandoro's box to eat them.
Because it was Stollen. I made up this joke when I was twelve, 29 years ago.  A search of this subreddit shows that it has been made before.  Being kind of a no-brainer, it is easy to believe that someone else came up with it independently.  But it would be really cool if, and it is entirely possible that it is my own joke getting back to me.
Murder
Conjunction junction, they specialize in hooking up words, phrases, and Clauses
He was making a racket.
For those of us that struggle with our family perhaps this will help break the ice. 
Ebowla.
The first line is even about how he got in illegally at night: "Jose can you see, by the dawn's early light..."
Trump is a Dump with a Lump in his plump body/ He's like a grump with a hump, a nobody/, but his words pump up racists who jump others races and he watches them thump each other to feel like somebody please replace his head with a stump and watch him slump
The pro-lease department
They do Yoda.
David Mikesdaad

My dog won't eat broccoli. 
I've never paid $20 to have a garbanzo bean on my chest.
With shell phones.
They both ate honey and they both have the same middle name.
Beef strokin’ off.(NSFW)
Half a worm in your apple. What's worse than half a worm in your apple? The Holocaust. What's worse than the Holocaust? Two worms in your apple.
One of it's legs is a little smaller.
Q: What’s the difference between a G-spot and a golf ball? Ans: A guy will actually search for a golf ball.
For bringing home the bacon.
I can't peanut butter my fucking dick in your ass
Macabre!
Neck-romance-y.
You may think you're on the right path, but if you follow it literally, you'll end up crashing into a building.
He felt his presents.
NSYNC
After five years, your job will still suck.

The Pro-lease department
She tasted the blood on her son's penis.
A submarine.
One slip of the tongue, and you’re in deep shit
Beat it. We’re closed
The chick says "cock-a-doodle-do", and the woman says " any-cock-will-do"
No, he would be a donkey with a crown.
Go 'head girl, it's sherbert day
More storage space.
Because they are in sects.
YUUUUUUUUUULLLEEE!!!!!!!!!
Goo of Sum Yung Gai
Neither does his publisher. He gave it a title, but then took it back.
Seizure salad 
Because they are ugly and they stink.
Santa stops at three Hos.
Because they have Cotton Balls
[looks over both shoulders]....
Dr. Dre
Because the women are not allowed to drive.
When John CENA ghost!
The line to KFC
A Lickalotapus. 
To work on his caw strength.
Fire trucks have 12 wheels. There are 12 inches in a ruler. Queen Elizabeth was a ruler. "Queen Elizabeth" was also the name of a ship. Ships sail the sea. In the seas are fish, and fish have fins. The Finns fought the Russians in the Winter War. The Russians are sometimes called the Reds, and since fire trucks are always rushin they're red!
They love anything 10% off
A centipede with a wooden leg!
With a Nine Inch Nail.

Because they're really good at it.
Eclipse
Barium
Usain Balti
Sounds weird, dozen tit?
They're too Hasidic
Well its a little Chewy
To say hello from the other side!
Would you like to buy some candy?
He didn't want to be part of a bad punch line.  
That was a brief case. 
Sounds strange, dozen tit?
To render the other side
It's a great play on words.
I said hear not read, you fuck.
The finish line at the Boston Marathon
Because it had a bad motivator!
sleigh-er
"You go on a head, I'm gonna give these two a lift."
Well, it's tearable...
To say hello from the other side
uh...a blacker eye?
Make a mad Daesh to a shelter
Attire.
A salted pretzel
An I-Don't-Think- He-Saurus 
Paralyzing her.
Mice cream.. ba dum dum tsst!
Because it would have been impossible to get a Muslim to take a shower.﻿
A veteran Aryan.
He's been looking for love in Alderaan places. 
It had a big APPetite
Their living situation is intense.
A ManDeLorean.
A dictator.
Do you know what he's doing these days?  Or would you say he's just somebody that you used to know?
Because she couldn't see that well.
Luke warm
A low blow
"I can't even look at you anymore!"
Two men are about to have a duel and Man #1 tells Man #2 to draw his blade! Well Man #2 takes out some charcoal and papyrus and begins to draw a picture of his sword.
You get the feeling that you've Reddit before. 
I don't cry when I cut prostitutes.
Try to disable sticky keys.
July
Rudolph's red hose rain gear...
I'm off the cock.
Roadkill
You can't. A mosquito is a vector and the mountain climber is a scaler. Courtesy of my physics professor.
From a catalogue.  ba dum tss
Obamanable snowman
Because their husbands have hollow-weenies.
To get to the other side.
Beat it. We’re closed.
Beats me.
A wrist-ky buisness.

Neither did he
Boo Bees! (say it aloud)
Don't bother, I'll do it myself.
Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
the NBA
Pipe down.
[Deleted]
"WITNESS ME!"
I just welcomed a baby boy and want to kick off being a father by hearing reddits best dad jokes

Your girlfriend!
A partial in a pear tree.
meow.
Successful.
Tell them they're straight.
Areola Borealis.
"Does it even matter? We're all screwed anyway, man."
SnapeChat
All the wieners taste like shit.
The Wheelchair (Dont hate me)
....what the third Jewish guy should be paying
A Preppysition
Cause he only comes once a year!
An astronaut you racist..
Because eating-out can be so expensive.
A Teu-tonic.
A: Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any. lolx
Lickit Lickit
Jesus on a rubber cross!
Putin Windows duh.
The black Jew sits at the back of the oven.
Because growing up, every Christmas she would run downstairs excited only to find no presents under the tree, just her father, Jack, smiling and saying, "I give you my word."
Framed.
I'll live...
Because they would be using the lord's name in vein
If you drop that damn Cross again you are out of my Parade.
Seven
Their balls are just for decoration.
A radicalized Muslim braaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Some Stormtrooper
Time to suck today's dick!
Six. One to actually change the lightbulb, one to post the joke to reddit, one to make a pun thread, one to make a better joke, one to call it a repost, and one to complain about people complaining about reposts.
The privates. They're either dicks or cunts.
Because he loves miso
"Because it  ." "Ugh, that's so  ."
LED Zeppelin
Tumbling Towers.
Mmm...Your vagina?
Nine months
The K
Being given head.
he was a very sikh man
No ballroom.
One, but he has to create a safe-space where the light-bulb can go to avoid being offended that it's being replaced.
It thought maybe it was a proton, but it wasn't positive. 
 
Unique up on it.
Ba na na nas 
First dig a large hole and surround it with peanuts. Then fill the hole with ash to conceal the trap. Finally, go hide behind some bushes.  Soon enough an elephant will come along and start eating the peanuts. When this happens, sneak up behind the elephant and kick it in the ash-hole.
They both leave kids rooms with an empty sack
You pick it up and suck its dick.
She wants to be the first lady.
They both take out everyone with just one punch.
One of them is a paid professional and the other one's your mom.

Because two Wongs don't make a white
She doesn't Swallowbacca. 
He kneaded a poo
Hayden Christensen
By working at an abortion clinic. Or an orphanage.
Stick 2 fingers in his honey.
You look at your X and try to find out Y
Because he wanted a screamer of a moaner.
Because they p-irate.
Hypothermia.
Dr. Dre
A guy at a hotel is wondering if it's alright to bring his cooler of drinks to the pool on a particularly hot day. "Front desk. Can I help you?" "Is it alright if I bring a Playmate to the pool?" "Yeah, as long as she's dressed."
Elf and safety
a pilot
They become pretty cross...
No have to cut me off.  Fall off barstool by myself. [end metajoke]
Because Santa came early this year.
Because you lose every time you talk about him ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
A bi-polar bear. 
Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.
It's called the "Stayfree Mini Pad"
It’s so that the men can have some peace and quiet to figure out a solution. 
All he needs is game
By saying Alderaan things.
Seven - one to actually change the bulb and six to complain that they liked the old one better.
None. Darkness foreverrrr!
You command vast powers beyond the scope of smaller minds, but to them all you do is wiggle your fingers and stuff just happens.
One, they are extremely efficient and they dont have any humor.
None. They don't believe in a higher power.
I went on   before seeing the new Star Wars.
The position of the dirt bag.
he has a reptile dysfunction
Rocket Farts.
The rough is combed over the fairway
She was a roamin' catholic.
Pioneer. 
Croatian. 
With a crowbar
Being forced Inuit.
Virgin Mobile....
They heard it was a Superfund site.
Just for shits 'n' giggles.....  Bored at work thought I'd make up a joke
Baked ham.
Wookiepedia
You'll get jurasskicked!
Snowballs
Colorado. 
A sithy.
By working at an abortion clinic.
Because it's his only chance to open the door to Number 10!
Tell a cow they're being watched. 
To get to the bottom.
His funfair will be held on a sundial. Funfair* Funfair* For ducks sake...
He rubbed him the wrong way.
Sack religious
A wookiee talkie.
They practice riposting all the time.
a baaahhhd movie. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Kardashian 

There was a face off in the corner
Edit: Oh my goodness, this blew up! My poor inbox :! But many thanks for the replies!
The average elevation.
The story grows on you.
At Olive Garden the servers actually work.
McFatagain! I'm sorry.
Because China is the biggest coal burner in the world
WH40K Humor: I don't know about you, but I prefer my Khorne Dogs with ketchup.
You push them to the side and keep eating 
They had reservations.
Isn't that redickless?
He was a man of many cultures
peanut butter and jellyfish EDIT: you fucking sjw's can't take a fucking joke jesus christ SRS brigading once again everybody 
She had a period at the end of her sentence.
You poker face!
"I see my ex came by."
You have to get Alloy-er
A Biplane.
A mole
Person 1 : Suggest me a good phone to buy nowadays. Person 2 : Microsoft Lumia 950 XL is good for winters, will keep you warm. Very warm.                                          Person 1 : So what about summers then?                               Person 2 : Same, it freezes often as well
In the morning he was always the first one to rise. He didn't want to be a loaf.
Double double doubles 
an academia nut
He only cums once a year 
about 5 minutes
here in my mirage got this jew labor genie here
League of Leg ends.
Racist
How long did it take the guy to cum?
Because it saw the ocean's bottom.
Sir Cumference
It was in tents.
Petroleum
Rock.
"It ain't gonna be soft where my engine nearing!"
Junk mail!
The DMZ. Disney Militarized Zone.
"Bitch, I drove a bus my entire life." . . . Why are there no black sailors? "I ain't fallin for that shit again!" Continue?... there's got to be a great chain of these like yo-mamma jokes.
A communitree
What do you call a (insert racist minority slur here) on a brand new bicycle? Thief. What do you call TWO (insert racist minority slur here) on a brand new bicycle? Organized crime.
Matt. Others:
Blue Cocky.
Because they have a claus in their contract.
A Sandyhook survivor...................im so sorry.
Hey pal, you just need to branch out more.
Unlike other carpenters, Jesus may actually return one day
beer nuts are $1.50 and deer nuts are under a buck
Thunderpants
No? Watch out where you sit then.
He saw the snowblower coming.
Sithilis
Guac N' Roll
An Eskimoji
In his SLEEVIES!!!
(Neither did she.)
Don't pay her
Cause he is our father, and he never came back.
Hmmmus.
Despairagus =/
Teacher: Change this sentence into Future Tense, "I killed a person" . Student: The Future tense is "You will go to a jail"
Analogy
A Stunted Stunt Stunter.
Because they don't have any soul.
A paragraph because he's not a full essay.
Because it ain't got no Seoul.
They pasta time.
He scared the hell out of him.
Because they Marry Christmas!
There are tobacco spit stains on BOTH the doors of his truck.
A false profit.


Haemoglobin kettles. They really make my blood boil. 
News casts
I do all the work and a fat man in a suit gets all the credit.
Chit-Shatting
They figured out who has been drinking their milk and eating the cookies!
Doesn't matter, you won't be able to pry it out of the cheap bastards' hands anyway.
A Pte-redact-yl
Muzzle-im
Because 7 ate 9. 
Well... You look in the mirror, you see what you saw. You take the saw, you cut the table in half. Two halves make a whole, put the hole in the wall. You talk with the guards until your voice gets hoarse, you get on the horse and ride away.
OK
A downs pillow.
They would have eaten the snake
Because they have to run around in the shower to get wet.
Rib-bed
Shrekquille O'Neal I'm sorry
"Notice me 10π"
None, broken lightbulbs have the rights to be treated as a normal lightbulb.
Because they know all the short cuts!
He's all right now.
This thread has been locked by the moderators due to excessive off-topic posting. [M]
White flour!
One whore soap-and-sleigh!
Acne waits till you're 12 to come on your face.
to raise his spirits
His waddle bottle.
A nun in a wheelchair
Mascarpone
I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face before
You're a fucking rapist.
One is a group of cunning stunts. 
Of course. The Empire State building can't jump.
Cuatro sinko. ;)
I know this is an unorthodox post, but, I would love to hear your favorites!
You know she's going to swallow.
Fireball
He's just a wookie!
An autistocrat.
Where is my essay?
Allah spoke the kuran to him through the bush.
Because they're richer and hotter than europeans at the moment.
Female, because it doesn't let you finish a sentence before making a suggestion. 
Dam!
more satisfaction at night for wearing a ninja suit all day.
With a firm handshake.
Congress
Because people who purchase weapons legally are law abiding citizens.
So that the semen doesn't keep getting in their hair.
The Hiroshima bombing didn't kill a nickel of a million civilians.
A Quranosaurus.
Entities. (I AM SO SORRY, GAME PROGRAMMER JOKE)
A bro-thel
LMao Zedong
So that the semen doesn't keep getting in their hair.
He was foiled.
They bombed it...
Because he knows where all the naughty girls live.
A kid goes up to his grandpa and sits on his lap. He sees his grandpa is smoking a cigar and says, "hey grandpa, can I have a puff of your cigar?". The grandpa responds, "does your dick touch your asshole?". Kid says "no". Then the grandpa answers, "no you can't have a puff of my cigar".  A few days later the grandkid is sitting on his grandpas lap again. He asks, "hey grandpa can I have a sip of your beer?". Grandpa asks, "does your dick touch your asshole?". Kid replies "no". Grandpa answers, "Then no you can't have a sip of my beer".  The next week the kid is at a party and his grandpa sees him with a plate of cookies. Grandpa asks the grandkid if he can have a cookie. Grandkid asks, "does your dick touch your asshole?". The grandpa says "yes". So the grandkid replies, "good, then go fuck yourself. Grandma made these cookies for me!". 
Don't worry; they'll tell you themselves.
fillet of soul 
A great thing ruined by a period.
Because 6, 7 8.
Send them to a concentration camp!
It runs in your jeans.
The wheelchair.
'Cause they all have phones!
because they can't protect their towers
You can tune a guitar but you can't tuna fish.
He only comes once a year and it's down a chimney.
They each got 6 months 
Nuts.
A little bit froggy 
Adell.
They bombed it...
It does a good job of separating the ladyboys from the ladymen.
"I see what you did there"
Boil the hell out of it.
...wryly.
Cuz of all the pews. I hate myself
Because they're all pawns and their king doesn't exist.
They get toad away.
A CAIR package.
A feminist
Because you were a good idea last night, but now I just want you to shut the fuck up.
Q: What do you call someone who speaks two languages?  A: Bilingual Q: What do you call someone who speaks three or more languages? A: Multilingual Q: What do you call someone who speaks one language? A: American
one guacamole
Marijuanakkah
We'll find out when the cubs win the World Series
Spiderman
Trick question. Deadheads screw in sleeping bags.
Math class.   Credit to troller_awesomeness
Tin, because tin can.
He's egg-nog-stic
Because it's not called a purconow.
The Cinemon.
The five year old in my trunk.
Al-gore-ythms
Your MOUTH! 
With an Itheberg
They're not falling for that one again!!
elvis parsley what is a fly's favorite singer? gnat king cole
Uluruakbar
Because they are always RUSSIAN to places. thanks
When it'sa Jar-Jar.
A tumblr.
It's quite easy when you think about it.  It's the inside of the hands, inside of the feet, the eyes, the teeth, the nails, and  the owner. 
"Is it really hard ?" "Yes, but can we eat the nougat first ?"
It was soda pressing...
"Get in the trunk"
It was wild.  A Muslim couple showed up and put 14 presents six feet under the Christmas Tree.
Give Swedish handjobs. 
They're harmless until you put one in your mouth and light in on fire
Because their planes kept missing the Eiffel Tower.
Neither have they.
It saw the salad dressing.
Because she had no arms. Knock, Knock. (Who's there) Not Sally.
A mustache 
Because air is free. 
Ho, Ho, Ho
Nine months.
Donald Trump
Deez hoes ain't lawyers.
First grade.
Who cares? It's a relephant.
Because of the synths.
Narco Polo.

The Lyre.
You square them.
Legalize Uber. 
Nothing, cats don't talk you fucking idiot. 
Toucan.
Who is going to build the wall if we deport all the Mexicans?
In the Serengeti there are African lions, but in the White House there's a lyin' African. 
It heils.
Because it may Pikachu.
The one with the lowest mew.
"Ain't got no I-Daer"

He heard voices, but could never pay attention long enough to them to do anything crazy.
They're snowed-en!
What is the national vegetable of Germany?
Because he loves to order some   for his jewish friend.
She wouldn't let his ravenclaw slytherin her Gryffindor. 
It was having a mid life crisis
The snowball! 
Because he's got little legs.  But seriously, what does ET stand for? Because he can't sit down. 
He's down to Earth. 
Hitler.
They both leave children's bedrooms with empty sacks.
Because bombs are bright.
I don't use a round piece of plastic as a shift knob.
...because he was a moo-slim.
He wiped.
Fauxty faux
They put parking meters on the roof 
It hasn't come out yet.
It was called law 13 due to the fact that it abolished savory....I will show myself out.
So they can look like their mothers.

He was out standing in his field....
A cranberry! ~ Esher (my Grandson) age 5
Me: Ya i got it on the way home from school Dad: Well if you got gas than you better go to the bathroom!
It's called "Our Timer"
He may have a lot of cons, but he also has a lot of prose.
You're too young to smoke. Sorry, it's the first joke I ever learned, and I haven't ever seen it posted.
The IRS waits until you're 18 to fuck you.
Falafel and hummus.
a white power-tie!
Nobody will pay to watch a garbonzo bean
Mouthwash
(I'm just asking for a friend)
To fit in the box. 
It was a polar bear.
When they ship them over from the Old Country, they stamp "To N.Y." on them...
I don't know, but it's not wreck-amended.
...see you next month. 
An investigator!
It rises because the rest of the fishes are crying :'(
Art. 
because they spend too much time with the x-position
ONLY ONE MORE NIGHT TILL CHRISTMAS!
Periodically.
Because every time he puts up a prayer… it gets answered. (I thought of this myself, but it is so corny, it could easily be in every damn joke book.)
Because the only constant is change. 
They were just trying to make ends meet.
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas.
Seagull Gawking. 
Testostyrone.
Female, because it doesn't let you finish a sentence before making a suggestion. 
No seriously, im getting lonely.
A walk.  What do you call that same fly without legs?  A raisin. 
A moo-slim.
Kike Tyson. 
Wanna go camping this weekend?
Because she suspected that 7 knew she had witnessed a murder he had committed the night before.
Only if you sit down before the last guy has gotten up.
She would call you at least 1000 times to tell how sorry she is .
A jambo-laya. Thanks for coming out, I'll be here till Thursday.
I faggot
Your penis.
There are poodles everywhere!
PROFITeroles.     Bad, I know.
He liked to eat, drink, and be Mary.
Virgin mobile. 
'Cause it had lead in them
She hides inside a flower and waits for a butterfly to extend its proboscis.
Mad Manx: Furry Road
Sir Cumference 
Heigh-ho the derry-o
They are both always trying to get a Pikachu. 
Because all I see is 80085
They don't want to!
One is a shuttlecock, the other's a cuddle shock
Allahu Akbar.
A rip-off. Well, you can't blame them. They don't make much money, they just keep the tips.
Free ham
AID...S
HODOR, HODOR, HODOR!
They can blow them up
Me neither.
Names.
By feeding the poor to the hungry.
I-rack
They both start blowing but in the end they take everything from you.
Acid rain.
Is it because he knows where all the BAD girls live?
We both end up with sticky hands after using the web.
Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless it's 10% off
They don't change it.  They just watch it burn out, then follow it around for another 15 years.
You don't, you go get it
A Brazilian.
because pepper water makes them sneeze!
He Tractor.
He didn't have any depth perception 
Eclipse it! 
Feminism (I'm going to hell anyway, the least i can do is have fun on the way)
He has ice in the back of his head. Get it  He has ice in the back of his head. Get it    
Wanna go ride bikes?
Ooooooh, aaaaaah...
President Trump.
Whop, Whop Whop Whop Whop ... Whopper Gangnam Style.
What did you think it would be, you racist?
Protect and swerve.
A hue man.
You wait until last call and use a good pick up line. 
Not a "medium", but a "large."
Because love means nothing to them.
Stew
When he was nailed on the cross.
The age
Two, but don't ask me how they got in there.
You have to sit in the back of the oven
What does 90 year old Pu$$y taste like? Depends...
Triplets
Decaf Coffee.
Pulp Fiction!
barack obama
Because for one they aren't on the receiving end! Yes I know i am being racist, so dont point it out
By looking over your shoulder
You get your wife, truck, and land back.
Shame on you
Your mom!
No John.
bc it was a girl named sally and it pooped itself
A pizza doesnt scream when it gets thrown in the oven
Tell his owner.
Counter-Feminist: Globally Offended
Would you like to buy some candy?
with a look over your shoulder
Cancer
Who are you looking for?
Your mom
I heard their manufacturing was in an ol' factory.
So that there's no chance of a hung jury
"Firetruck"
Roberto
To say Hello from the other side.
One can support a family
If they were called womanholes, guys would keep trying to get in. 
He's the hero this city feeds
You know that she will definitely swallow
Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas!
Because he's black.
Not enough"
Only one makes it back from camp. 
you are turbanned
A bird can fly but a fly can't bird.
It's too complex
Cheap labor. 
He named them after his favorite father-son activity.
Throw in your laundry.
"Dam."
Fruity Loops
0, 1, e, pi.
A hit-the-spotimus. 
Dead parents
By having an abortion
A pain in the ass
Nothing, instruments don't talk.
Getting into the habit
White-out.
There aren't many paedos in the camp.
Nothing, they were both stuck-up bitches
Cause it scares the fuck out of the dogs
Charlie JAPlin.  hahahaahhaha  stop racism.
It scares the shit out of the dogs
They'll tell you.
Tattooine.
The World.
82
Haha morons
That's how he became a dictator.
A shleep.
Because they made the Playstasian
Ones a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean. 
To say hello from the other side.
Because of the holly cost. 
Fluoride and the Machine
Disney Movies still touch kids
Full
Because he fingered A-minor
Odair he is!  Obligatory: My brother told this to me while watching Mockingjay P2. 
So she could say hello from the other side.
Every single one counts.
Put it into airplane mode
"I can see!"
Abusif
They stop working when you take the chains off
Anyone can roast beef. 
Just one.  They are a rather industrious people; just not known for their sense of humor. and i'm sure this is a repost but I just heard it today. 
An auction
Because they couldn't get 7up
Every time someone goes to the toilet take 4 shots
Shakespeare (say it out loud)
"I'm just gonna leave this here."
Ans: Nigger with a library card
Get your drunk ass off the merry-go-round. Props to the radio station I heard this on today.
One brightly shines...

You should catch it sometime - it's a real blast !
Denim, denim, denim. 
Chilly chili
Banana Foster
Nothing because his son is a fucking drug addict loser that would rather sit in a dark room all day and night smoking meth and watching internet porn, I have no idea how the fucking government gives pieces of shit like this a place to live. What a fucking cunt faggot loser who can't even call his father on his birthday that druggie cock sucking fuck waste of sperm
In a choral coral corral
Black-on-black rhyme
He was running out of patients. 
because it's like a really large number and stuff
Phone her
At least acne waits till a kid is 14 to come on his face.
So they can steal their parading skillz
''Damn, you really nailed me last night''
You fuck her.
To say hello from the other side
Because if they went forward they'd be in the boat
Because of all the weird shit he's seen him do with 9.
The one that can carry two cups of coffee and a dozen doughnuts at the same time.  The most popular woman?  The one that can eat the 12th doughnut.
Reptile disfunction
When she has a tampon behind her ear and she can't find her pencil.
Namaste.
Because they don't want to wash away their Marx.
It follows a pair'o'bollock trajectory.
About 2 bucks an hour depending on what the current minimum wage is.
Even if you only drink a little bit.
In the non-friction section.
TWO....but it's really hard to get them in there
Because they go niggerniggerniggerniggernigger chinkchinkchinkchink
He was a little light headed.
Borderlands
A small medium at large
Cancer
His upper lip.
ereptile dysfunction
By walking.   Jk. Rowling
The murder-suicide scene at Toucan Sam's Miami penthouse.
Load it in the chum dumpster.
They both can't make any change
Cause it runs in your jeans.
A condescending con desending..
Essay
They planet.
The grass tickles their balls.
Call him daddy in the middle of it
you seamstressed
One costs a lot of money to maintain, keep running, and give you the results you want. The other has four wheels.
Cuban
None. They just shoot the room for being black. Credit: donator on some stream said the joke and just wanted to share it. 
You ask him politely.
Because she keeps running away from the ball
Juan on Juan. 
Because he was no conjurer of Cheap Trick
One. We are efficient, and lack humor.
[THE PUNCHLINE OF THIS JOKE HAS BEEN CENSORED BY THE GOVERNMENT OF THE PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF CHINA, PLEASE REMAIN CALM WHILE WE WILL DEAL WITH THE OP IN A CIVIL MANNER]. 
Def Leppard

A quarter pounder with cheese.
For a free cavity search.
You punch african kid in the face.
Walk in with $2 Million. 
It turns "NO! NO! NO!" into "MMM! MMM! MMM!"
Apparently he was mistaken 
Homo-Genius
Cause they struggle to put food on the table
With a crowbar
Because they're not PC.
First he lies on one side, then he lies on the other.  Credit: Nicholas Sparks from his book 'See Me' which I am reading now. 
Calculust
Neither have they.
Shit went down 
It had great food, but no atmosphere. 
camembert :)
hit him in the face with an Axe
Beef Stroganoff
So he smelled great while dead & bloated.
Answer: Airtel 4G girl.
A nun doing squats in a cucumber field
Most of the time it's hard and long - unless you're Asian.
He wiped.  ;)
They found her head and shoulders under the steering wheel.
Rite Aid
Christmas music will still be playing next year. 
abortion. 
Stop Stalin! Just Putin the effort and start Lenin it happen!
One slip of the tongue, and you’re in deep shit.
Glock coma
You get your drunk ass off the carousel!
A visitor.
because it was being driven by a woman
Yes ! Who is there! HortonHearsA Who !
Chicken Butt
Or do you want to know z?
In vitro, in Prancer, in Dancer, in Vixen.
Hubble butt.
Men at Work
You just did.
Because the products at the stores are 3 4 all!
Embolism.
all the inequalities
A: White Vans. 
HEAVEN!!
Because seven was a well known six offender
Literally anything.
To get a tight seal.
So it could be timber!
It's the C
Shyer folk
"Tim ber"ton
She complains to a man.
It nuts
Treason
Boy: because you're CuTe Girl: Are you made of holmium and molybdenum?
A eunuchorn.
Honestly, Justice Fingers.
River Derci. Sorry.
Don't pay her...
Something racist, probably.
She goes into town and blows a few bucks!
IHOP.  Tipping your waitress takes on a whole new meaning.
GLOVES! Just kidding, he hasn't opened the box yet
Ultra sound
White people didn't allow them to come into the U.S. 

A vagina. Lol, top kek.
Two. One to hold the light bulb in the socket and wait for the world to revolve around her, and another to talk about how empowering the experience was.
A threesome.
Pragma.
Squid Pro Quo
Toothbrush...you dirty bastard
Because they don't cut corners.
He was out standing in his field.
In a good place, but at the wrong time.
A saddle.
A stalk-ing! (A stocking!)
A millennial falcon. 
American: You mean the elevator?  English: Yes, we call it a lift.  American: It's called an elevator. We invented it.  English: And we invented the language.  
1%
Holland.
Tinder
Cuz it had a frickin BIRD BRAIN! For crying out loud, the thing's brain is the size of a peanut!!!  It doesn't know where the heck it's goin!
Awoli.
Mare bear. What should you do if you see one?
The fallopian tube! 
Do I have permission Tecumseh?
10g
Snowballs. 
Mooove
Decalfinated
Brown chicken, brown cow.
A radian.   Math majors don't use degrees.
in his sleevies!
To say "hello" from the other side. ::mic drop::::
Ten pigs, two calves, one beaver, and an ass.
Because Curiosity killed her cat
A: They're both intended for children... But, it's usually the father that play with them the most!
Cause your booty is disarming
Derweinerslider
To say Hello from the Other Side
Feminists.
Because it's a high steaks game 
A hypokrout.
Hebrew
I'm in a cent.
I've never paid to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
A frobo.
A Dell
She grew out of her b-shells 
When there is no "L"
9/11
I put on the wrong pair of socks this morning.
To say hello from the other side. 
Who cures?
Because he always "hasaki!"
...A brick
Yeah, he is all right now.
Where o where are you tonight?  Why did you leave me here all alone? I searched the world over and thought I found some one You met a zombie and pblblthpth you were gone. 
Cuz it was yellow and appealing!  Sorry if this is bad. Seen too many of the same jokes here and I wanted to add an original joke. 
She says, " They showed us how to make sex with our hands. ". When he scrapes his brain off the ceiling and calms down enough not to call the teacher he asks her calmly to show him.  Turns out they had a deaf person visit who spent about an hour or so to teach them a little ASL. That was one of the words they learned to spell. 
Mourning Wood
Because his dick was stuck in a chicken.
Something Italians learn in preschool.
One of them makes sense!
... Cause it sounds like a dope ass job.
One was posted yesterday and the other has been posted 52839296159 times. 
He showered them.
You rock them.  What if it doesn't work? Use a bigger rock. 
You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna
Kermit's fingers.
Aaaaarby
Urine big trouble...
Then you must be UNDER the crowd!
A submarine
Because it's white I don't know why it's funny. I just heard it so can someone explain it to me?
So she could sing 'Hello from the other side'!
A lightbulb.
I can see Uranus from here.
Because they're not PC
Yesterday a friend posted a thread on Slickdeals about shirts I made   since there was a promo for $5 off everything (DRAFTFIVE).  He received LOTS of flak about it being racist/stupid/retarded, was thumbed-down by about 10 people, and the thread was deleted within 5 minutes. I personally find it funny, but I am indeed Asian. Thoughts?
because it's hard as fuck for 6 year olds 
A proppadom
Nothing! It just let out a little wine.
Imagination.
Tooth hurt-y.
Because the camels get tired. 
The guest of honor always shows up late! 
The punch lines.
Unseaworthy
Gloves. Just kidding, he hasn't opened them yet.
Big clits!
A Rocky Road
They call their tailor Herr Dresser
 Piece of cake.    Slap her thigh and ride the wave in.    Flip through the folds until you smell shit, then go back one.    Roll her in flour and go for the wet spot.    Give her a cream pie.  
I have no idea, Your Honor, but he was coming right at me and I felt my life was at risk. 
A churn-noble!
They haven't been fucking sunny in a long time...
"Where'd all the roofers come from?"
Yellow Snow.
I pull out of both of them.
They needed to give their characters an eye-patch.
They're never short of Sichuan musicians.
Mountain Dew
Ve haff vays of making you tock!
Because his condom was a little holy...
I don't have a Porsche in my garage.
Legal paedophile. 
Slot shaming. 
An easy-bake oven.
It's just like a regular Denver omelet, but it's served upside down in seawater.
For Mail-Practice!!
A pimp.
It was for being outstanding in his field. 
Pump kin
because to him, alcohol is not a solution.
Because he only comes once a year. 
So I could hit her with my car and shut everyone up.
Because love means nothing to them.
the Foo Fighters
A rappi.
Fucking angary!
One of them is a bunch of cunning runts
He lost the plot.
and Ironwoman a command?
In a satisfactory
Where you put the cucumber
A man sees that his neigjhbnour doesn't have his wheeled trash bin. "Hey bub, where's ya bin`" "I took a little vacation for a few weeks," "No. I meant where's your bin?" "Told ya, vacation, at the beach!" "No man. Where's ya wheely bin?" "Ok, fine! I've wheely been to jail! Happy now?"
a freezer doesn't scream when you put your meat in it
Oooohms
A few degrees. 
Oh you'd know if you had.
Nice belt.
I literally pecan't right now.
Cause I sure would like to probe Uranus.
I'll give you the D later.
I read there's some leftover cat.
Because of the Free Exercise Clause.
My Zipper
1
 fought   till   caught   eating  , said  .
because they lay out in the sun so much lol :P
To concentration camps.
Ke-bab
Nothing, he didn't make it that far.
Just out of Curiosity...
The golfer goes "  Damn!" The skydiver goes "Damn!  "
I don't know. I hope you're not allowed to take the mail out to the mail box.
Because proper tea is theft.
To work on his put-downs.
He put it up Fur Elise!
To say Hello from the other side
The sex is the same but the dishes start piling up.
he dunno where the hood at
"InterNEIN"
Because he doesn't know the time of day.
The CI, eh?
His vision was based on movements.
Deep throat
He felt he had lost his sense of porpoise.
They always just Klingon to it

She had a metric pussy.
They Fallout
The second hand shop.
Patels (this may or may not have been inspired by a dumb facebook post I saw)
They Hire 'Em A Biff!
Well.. because Obama said so.
Bricks can get laid.
Park your car, man.
About as West as Taylor
Angles in the Outfield
"I'm gonna have to think long and hard about this one."
I chews you
"Nice belt, fuckface."
Angles in the Outfield
You.
Because he's close to The Edge
If you repair both, the E-Wheelchair is the only thing running again
Because MIT blames Cal Tech for stealing their Feynman, and there will never be another man as Fine.  
Addadictomy.
A smile

One makes you: The other is a synthetic drug.
Because he was playing with Pooh.  
You don't pay her!
Meals on wheels
Being a starving African Child. 
To say hello from the other side
The prefix 'gulli' meaning 'believing' and the suffix 'ble' meaning 'ble-shit'.
Because it's worth it!
He brews it
Public Transportation 
Look at the hole photo for 30 seconds straight
You ever try to open a grilled cheese sandwich?
Incense-itive
Because their Zoos ran out of room.

Where you left it.
She raughed (raft).
Bad blood. 
Holy shit!
Joint Family.
To watch Dablooney Toons!
Where's popcorn?
They are all against Turkey
Pump-Kin
A honey comb!
Scott Ad
With Little Caesars.
A tator thot.
A broken nose.
Alarm cock.
A newspaper.
His primary philosophical viewpoint is "eeeeehhh"
The concentration camps.
They are both stuck up cunts
Because they need a fandom that won't make them feel like trash.


A Racist!
Neither have they.
Dead.
They did.  Once.
To say hello from the other side
A Fartin' Spartan
Nein
Because the Earth's rotation automatically makes a circle jerk out of him
For safety purposes, I don't know if I should tell you her name..
The trump-et.
Acting
A retarrrrrd
It wouldn't be the first time he pushed a black family out of their home.    
with a big wave
Because Somalia doesn't have an education system
When you start to make deposits at the sperm bank, you loose interest 
Health insurance
All Fridays Matter
Cancer.
You gotta Put-in the hours 
Biev Strokinoff
Because they always get in to heated arguments.
A painting only need one nail to hang
Both are fucking close to water.
Well, Jesus nailed it.
Because they spend years at C.
my girlfriend took like an hour to pick out which hijab she wanted to wear... 
Ask them to pronounce "hires"
The finish line at the Boston Marathon.
Mount Rushmore
Hot pants.
OCDC
A florist.
A lawsuit in a pantsuit. 
Your kids 
Because pepper makes them sneeze.
Because bush did 9/11.
A neighbourhood.
Neckbeard the pirate
He got off on a technicality.
Because someone stole his boat.
Well it depends on what you mean by change.
A curry-ous guy
Brothel Sprouts.
It's called the Nickelback, it really sucks.
Turkey
Forgive me Father, for i have wind.
A turkey. Because it's always stuffed.
Leave.
To say hello from the other side.
james bond
Goebel Goebbels.
How will I ever find another performer of your caliber? (Source: a dad on thanksgiving)
They fry pranes
Cancer
Your mom.
Their age.
Matching uniforms.
A genealogist looks up the family tree, a gynecologist looks up the family bush. (Credit to my uncle)
He wanted to part his sees.
Pota-TOES!
Goebbels, Goebbels, Goebbels 
You're Hanging Ten, Dudes!
Of course you have, because that's the definition of an accident.
Not being retarded
Joan of Ark
The screaming speed bumps
With an itheberg.
Turkey.
Nothing. You push them both aside and keep on eating.
asked the concerned man.  “Everything in moderation,” replied the doctor.   “Is four times a day alright?”   “Well, that’s quite a lot, why don’t you get married, that’s a much better idea.”   “I am married.”    “And is everything fine in bed?”   “It’s great.”   “Then why do you need to masturbate so much?”    “She’s such a spoil-sport. She doesn’t like to do it during mealtimes.”  
Hydraulic rams.
a turkey 
tanksgiving
Chinese-y
Because Rusty thought the scene in the book was better. I'll show myself out. This is a horrible joke.
You can't put a plane through linearly independent vectors
To say hello from the other side.
To say hello . . . . . . From the other side
Wii-u-Wii-u-Wii-u-Wii-u-Wii-u
Briiiiines...
UCLA
The outside!
To say,"HELLO FROM THE OTHER SIDE!" (ba dum tss)
The picture only takes one nail
Tuesday
A lot of different reasons.
1 and 3/5ths 
Toyoda
A Naive American. Literally just came up with this.

A rip off
Fitting in
Because everything they have disappears
Dory was played by Ellen Degeneres. 
Freeze it and run it through a bandsaw. MEEEOWW!!
A native American artifact. What do you call a HALF-EMPTY bud light can on the side of the road?  An extremely rare native American artifact.
Nigga, you racist!
I'm gunna fuck you Inuit pussy.
Turkey
To say hello from the other side!
1 in front, 2 at back seat, and 47 in ashtray
A Communist film from the 30s.
Walk-a Walk-a 
To say hello... from the other side. Saw this joke in youtube comments
a ham-stir
Carlos
"Turkey"
He died of overdose
Woah, the traffic is moving.
A stick.
I liked the leftovers before they were cool.
Boil the hell out of it.
...banned from the petting zoo...
Gets jalapeño business
Tell him it runs on gas
Masturbation.
the duck say when he bought lipstick?
Because a woman who can't afford her own washing machine won't be able to support you.
One got his head blown off, the other was assassinated
The one who could really Rock-a-feller
per
Atleast not three since my basement is still dark.
Aztec.
Nuke it.
To say Hello... From the other side
All Fridays Matter. 
Acne waits until its 12 before it comes on your face
9:11pm
Punch him in the throat. 
He was a ripoff. 
Because they were Russian... Why was WWII so long? They were Stalin...
Eat A Bomb?Nuke A Toaster?Ride Nyan Cat Into Space?Bomb ISIS?Oh Theres Just So Much You Can Do!
An American police officer.
Their dicks!
Iran
They can feel it in their bones.
Turkey
Because it says "concentrate"

A Whoopi pie.
Pick it up and suck it's dick.
Dung! Get it?!

A couple were holiday shopping at the mall, and the place was packed. As the wife walked through the mall, she was surprised to look up and see her husband was nowhere around.  She was quite upset because they had a lot to do and hence, she  became worried that she called him on her mobile phone to ask him where he was. In a quiet voice he said: "Honey, do you remember the jewelry store we went into about 5 years ago where you fell in love with that diamond necklace that we could not afford and I told you that I would get it for you one day?"  The wife choked up and started to cry and said, "Yes, I remember  that jewelry store." He replied: "Well, I'm in the pub next door!"
Woof da.
Reflect! I use this dadjoke on my pregnant wife every day when she goes out for walks after dark and wears a safety vest.. 'Now honey, don't forget to reflect on all sorts of things, especially car headlights!'
It was a persona non grappa.
's explanations.

To get to  .
Ayy lil' mayo. 
Because it os humerus.
Deep pan, crisp and even.
A concentration camp!
Pro-bono
Because he was a kami!
because the donkey needs a break
Because they have no soul
When I dump a load in the washing machince, it doesnt follow me around
Don't worry, they'll let you know.
Because deep down they're real nice
Because it'd Krampus style.
To say hello from the other side
This joke. 
The inevitable comment from 
They consume a lot of vitamin SEA!
The butt of every yolk :(
Paulinating.
A small Buddhist.
An ereptile dysfunction.
Give him a white man's wallet. 
I don't know, but the flag is a big plus. 
Violate his N.A.P.
Oh it was just a list of names
A Roman army
Because you're certainly a fuckfase.
Fathers day.
Because even Aaron Rodgers is a 12!
A dodickahedron.
Because they don't know what a full house is
You probably haven't heard it.
Between a picture of Jesus and Jesus himself?  The picture only needs 1 nail...
They don't know where home is...
From Vato Zone
They're making headlines everywhere!
Three. One to post it, another to post a better punchline in the comment section, and another to repost it with the new punchline.
I don't know, he hasn't managed to open it yet. 
If the rubber blows, you're dead
A bike runs on fat and saves you money. A car runs on money and makes you fat.
Def Leppard
A pastafarian.
Yo mama so stupid she gets excited seeing a shooting star.
The epileptic corn shucker shucks between fits.
A question mark. 
Because he was a sensei.

Three. One to post it, another to post a better punchline in the comment section, and another to repost it with the new punchline. EDIT: Replaced the punchline with a better one from the comments section, which is ironic.
One's a broke stroker and the other is a stroke broker.
A paragraph, since he's too short to be an ese.

Your ears stay warmer.
None.
"Would you like to buy some girl scout cookies, sir?"
Neither have they.
A little bizar
Microfiche.
Ones a snack cracker, the other is a crack snacker.
Depth perception.
Because he is Snowd
Bore them to death.
His platform is lowering inflation.
Bisexual.
They are always full of seed. 
One person. 
Everywhere
ISIS
He topped himself. 
Well, for one, the flag is a big plus.
I heard it was groundbreaking.

Agenda
The 911 victims. They went through 50 stories in a minute. I'm so sorry
Because they're not real.
starbucks
Nope, unintended.
"You caught me red handed!"
He lost his SANTAty
Not a joke. Just want to see funny comments.
Koran Koran. 
Because if they didn't their local gas station would turn a blind eye.
No I mean it im just asking,
One is a rusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean
Looking for Pooh.
1forrest1
Titicaca
Rollaids
They push Two twins together to make a King
Lukewarm.
James Bonding bah dun tss
Cancer. 
Pupa-ty.   
Bravefart
The Titanic sank
OP's mom
A lot when you are having a prostate exam. 
They're both good at rigging erections.
Geigh
Veggie lovers
The same middle name.
If his dick tastes like shit.
What do you mean?
Need for Speed.
No? That's the spirit.

Nothing, you can't cross a vector with a scaler.
Grant.
A fence.
They meet up a work
He couldn't budget.
The police. They're the police, racist.
500 Internal Server Error
Hayyyy
Her gambling habit.
I feel bad for the poor fella.
The street was littered with de brie
Minisoda
The new york Jets
Because a cop robbed him.
The  blue eyes white dragon
A small medium at large.
a lot of countries have been inside her.
Shot.
Beats me ¯_(ツ)_/¯
A foot long
The sphinxster ....
Reservation reservation reservations.
daesh many.
A poo-dle
Depends
Because he cauterize.
"You going to eat that?"
They don't, it's a miff.
That's it; I'm never thrusting you again
An Allah Ak-bar
Lickalotapus
A Falloffasarus - Patrick age 10
One. And one's friends.
Physics...
I shit, you knot.
Iran
Because they lactose!
Because there aren't enough ho stages.
Amin Amood
Liquor
A Daesh washer. 
Shit thought, shit joke.
PASSENGERS!
They both blow up people who don't agree with them.
Uni-Ball
Because I want to get on your ToDo list!
two small buns with extra mayo
To cover up your mom sinking.
They end up in a shallow grave.
A Buck-An-Ear
Gets jalapeño business.
Claude Balls
Breakfast.
A jalapeño pauper
A mentally challenged lumberjack
NEIN!!!
D:
Excuse me are you going to eat that? *Ellen Barken on David Letterman show.
Rear view mirrors so they can see the battles going on.
Nothing, it just waved
Asians? Idk it's been a rough day.
Uncle bens rice
His tungsten
Because the Quran forbids cannibalism 
Daesh Network
San Diego!!
She uses all-porpoise cleaner!
The wheel chair.
B comes after both.
It got pissed off.
Two counts of possession
Under 16, that is a big win for him.   Credit to 
Hotline Bling.

I heard its pretty Syria-ous
It is always look but don't touch.
He wiped his ass.
A calendar has a future... 
He can't do martial art because he is paralyzed tip to toe.
I give a shit when I lose 6 million dollars.
He was arrested for assault.
Only one of those could stop a race.
He works it out with a pencil!  ✏ ➕ 💩 = 👍
CAAAAAAAH-tin...
Share ya laws.
He fucked Charlie Sheen before he was cool.
He's a smart bomb
He couldn't get his dick out of the chicken.
Na.
Mick Jagger says, "Hey, you, get of off my cloud!" A Scotsman says, "Hey, MacLeod, get off of my ewe!" 
Because potholder was already taken
... a soviet
Because they cancan. 
Just wait. They'll tell you.
Absolutely nothing
Border Collie
It was a blast.
Apparently he was out standing in his field. When asked about how he won he said, "hay, it's in my jeans."
Hey, sex cells.
There is little bit of good in all of us.  p.s. not racist, my shadow is black. 
People actually eat pussy..
Idaho either, but Alaska!
Shot in the head in Dallas.
A Stick of Gum...
Spot-on.
A new last name.
The Guardian.
Because the barracuda believed that "anemone of my enemy is a friend."
The s.
Turns out he was running a pyramid scheme all along.
Gotta go fast
A freezer doesn't fart when I pull my meat out.
Because it's too close to the gas chamber
By banging 7-gram rocks.
Me: Because i work for less and good at licking. Mgmt: You're hired.
A waitress leaves me alone after I give her the tip.
In the back of the oven.
Because the ones that don't are never heard from again. I'll be here all day folks.
To beat the crowds.
100 meter Daesh
a new last name
Because it has been very knotty.  Apologies in advance
photo bombing
Dennis Hedfelov
He did it ON A PORPOISE!!
A radical Muslim wants to cut your head off, but a moderate Muslim   the radical Muslim to cut your head off.  Bye. 
Because Charlie Sheen has HIV.
Elevaders
Bar soap.
Blaze it.
A mass murder.
You. 
It pokes holes in condoms.
Swim towards a window
That's a moray!
They can't reflect on what they've done.
A middle aged woman has a heart attack and is taken to the hospital. While on the operating table she has a near death experience. During that experience she sees God and asks if this is it.  God says no and explains that she has another 30-40 years to live.  Upon her recovery she decides to just stay in the hospital and have a face lift, liposuction, breast augmentation, tummy tuck, etc..She even has someone come in and change her hair color.  She figures since she's got another 30 or 40 years she might as well make the most of it.  She walks out of the hospital after the last operation and is killed by an ambulance speeding up to the hospital.  She arrives in front of God and asks, "I thought you said I had another 30-40 years?"  God replies, "Sorry...I didn't recognize you."
R-E-L-I-G-I-O-N
Niggas In Paris
The hide and seek champion.
It was absolutely pawsitive 
Musafa
French toast
Because the French were toast!  This is a joke I made up, along with an alternative : What do Isis eat for breakfast?  French toast. 
He's into that burning bush.
Eye!
Looks like ISIS will finally get fucked by those 72 virgins they are always going on about
Heard it was hardcore. Some people went ballistic.
Pump-Kin
Ereptile dysfunction
Uncle bens rice
A policeman doing his duty!
Because people get all up in his grill.
He was afraid to go down the tracks.
Because of their frequent bow movements.
Because he wasn't   
"Keep off the grass"
He knows where the naughty girls live.
A: Rubbit
Sonny-D
It gave people the right to bare arms.
a daeshcam

He logged a lot of hours.
Because the rest of the letters are not-E.
Plaque and yellow, plaque and yellow, plaque and yellow.
9/12
Child: 'Yes, but I don't know when to stop'.
cumin
The KFC Drive-thru line.
The wheelchairs.
Starving.
I've never had a garbanzo bean in my mouth.
because to him, Alcohol is not a solution
One who likes women more than beer
Minute maids.
They're both a bunch of pussies. Credit to Stephen Colbert.
Minority Deport
Umami.
I don't know. Just look for the Fresh prints! Ha ha.                  He's also black.
... to get to the other slide. H/T - my seven year old son.
Charlie Sheen's new show: "2 and a half T-Cells"
The Shuhites
9/11 victims, they went through 87 stories in 15 seconds
Two plains. 
When Joan used a coat-hanger on Cheryl, she was already out of the womb.
He couldn't Ctrl+P
Ninigger
Henry Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzhenry.
Mention feminism.
To keep the flies off the fried chicken.
Because it isnt Titan Uranus.
She's trans parent 


Your mother never gave me a marshmallow
Because eating one more would have been two-farty.
About 20kg.
Baked Yazidi
A rockin' roller.
Toblerone
Mourning
A scat fetish
Nothing...they were both stuck up cunts.
I don't know, you haven't said anything yet 
He got lost in the maize.
Because of the eclipse.
Because in charge Yoda was. 
Turn of madden and go to bed. (I'm an eagles fan)
Feeling a little horse. 
fork it.
Enola - gai avek!   
Because he's a horse racist.
"Pizza shit"
like I said, this isn't a joke, just a request.
The brain. Electronic devices have made the world a much stupider place. As comedian/actor Paul Reiser said recently on Real Time with Bill Maher, back in the day your brain held all the information, all the learning, all the things one needed to solve and answer any problem, any question. Now, the brain is just an empty vessel as all info is put into all electronic devices.  A co-worker of mine couldn't add 36+22 without pulling out his I phone a using the calculator. Quit making better electronics and people just start using your brains again!!!
A really good instrumental
The Cubans because they're the strongest swimmers.  ...Dogs? Chinese because it's a dog eat dog world.  ...Beavers? Mexicans because they're mostly into construction.  ...Cockroaches? ISIS because they're still there no matter how many times you bomb the place. 
Nobody likes the black ones. 
It was the pot calling the cattle back.
a gas chamber
Dog turds without borders
" "
An old shoe... ...and Ronda Rousey
Neither did I.
A: Turn it inside out, and shake the fuck out of it.
mArrrs!
The ground!
StockHOLMES!
A misdememer.
Fig u're skating
He needed to sketch the sine and cuisine graphs but only knew how to do cos(-x)
-Ask uncle Yvonne.
I don't know, I just fly the drone.
Because they're never wrong
It was all broused up!
Downstown Abby
The Tricericops
He got a little testy.
Dead ant; dead ant; dead ant dead ant dead ant...
He ate pizza before it was cool.
I'm udderly freezing!
An arrr-pg
To get to the retards house. **knock knock
A paragraph, because he's not big enough to be an esé.
WasWas
What is green and smells like pork? Kermits finger.
They become dis-oriented!
You'd never have to meet the father.
The Eiffel tower
You stop milking a cow after 150 years.
Not being able to see yourself in the mirror afterward.
Hurry up and give me your money or i'll cum and jack you up!
Christopher Walken.
You would thinks it's arrrr, but it be the c. What's do you call a pedophile, pirate R&B singer? Arrrrr Kelly.
Uncle bens rice 
So the blue and red sections are easily removed during a time of war.
You punch her
Robin, get in the batmobile! (credits to  )
I know a guy. Edit: Ghee
It's when your belly sticks out farther than your dickie do.
NACHO-CHEESE
a body bag.
Aaarrrrrrr Kelly!!
Fat Boy Slim, because he's always saying "right here, right now, right here, right now".
Because he wasn’t far enough from the 3pt line to take the shot.
He saw his gas bill.
Arrr'n'B
About 100 French people right now 
Nein
He just shakes it off. 
No!!   That's the spirit
Because the rest of the letters are not-E.
He looks all right now.
Nun
The more you play with them, the harder they get
I have a heart-on for you. Credit where credit is due:  -Wayne Gretzky -Michael Scott
Keep the tip.
Shit in her cunt.
Ask them to pronounce unionized.
Deer testicles. They're under a buck.
Pick him up and suck his dick.
HAAAAAAAAAY
Netanyahoo
Anna May
World war Juan
They come out of the clawset.
Uncle bens rice 
You have to drop da bomb on her twice
A miss stake
Uncle bens rice
???????
Jim: we're doing this ritual and we will need A pentagram drawn with your own left hand  John: ok, no problem, though my own right hand Is what I would normally use instead Jim: So, you should write a verse about this time John: I'll call it "I, ambi-pentagrammer" (edited to try to vaguely be in iambic pentameter)
You might actually get me to sub here.
Here is a few I've heard: What's the best thing about sex with twenty one year olds? There's twenty of them How do you get an emo out of a tree? Cut the rope What do you call a black woman who's had 7 abortions? A crime fighter Whats the difference between a jew and a dollar? People would care about losing 6 million dollars
To see Adolphin!
Because these pythons are sick.  (Flex arm muscles)
Nine
They want to save 20%.
Drive me to the grocery store.
Incorrectly
Transformers
A Fortnight
A dumb bass I'll sea myself trout
He was over the weather
That's inappropriate.
Because in charge of sequence, Yoda was.
Hide n' seek
Beat it, we're closed.
It goes 'wee-woo wee-woo' I apologize
She forgot her Algae-bra. Ha..
The other plants have to photosympathize with it
A Puto. 
Because they don't know where home is. 
Ebowla
That is something i never herbivore!
Dead in the trash
When the wifi signal doesn't come through.
because it smells so cheesy, most people never heard of it. when in fact this bank is a central bank for central banks. but not all head of every central bank is attending its annual meetups. it is an elite club only G20 members are invited. central banks are not state owned but are private owned institution who can print their very own money. its outrageous if you understand what implications this holds.
Lickety-split.
Sine language.
He didn't. He died.
Hella.
Juan on Juan
Bleach 
Robertoe
A Negro-mancer
Guts is coming home late from the bar, drunk as a skunk meeting your wife at the door with a broom in her hand and asking her if she's still cleaning the house or going out for a ride. Balls is coming home late from the bar, drunk as a skunk with lipstick all over your face and the scent of women's perfume all over you, meeting your wife at the door and stating, "You're next, chubby."
San Diego.  (Sandy Eggo)
They go to the moo-vies!
Kids don't eat broccoli. 
Meraid.
They're always cutting lines
Table for 50,000?
"It twerks!" I don't know how this came to me..
Because she outgrew her B-Shells. Ha...
Uncle bens rice 
Allahuak Bar
Well because he had a horrible experience with windows. (credit to Neil Hamburger for this amazing joke)
"Sir, you dropped your receipt!"
Because there extinct.
Free Endless Salad Tossing

Because it's long and hard, unless you're Asian.
Uncle bens rice
He always has plenty of double "eh"s,  triple "eh"s...
Purple  (According to my 3 year old son)
(Offensive)
An atheist writer praying his book will sell.
I don't know. Torqué?
Because there's no Stalin.
USB.
Well Red.
[DATA EXPUNGED]
Woofleball
Kick his sister in the jaw... (Heard this one the other day from a friend, and thought I might share it here. :P)
If you like it then you shudda put a ringtone on it.
Well, I had toast. EDIT: me and   weren't expecting you to know. cuz
It gets jalapeño your business 
Rough...
An egg gets laid.
Episcopaleontologists
A fur-tile bitch
Not me.. Stop calling me that.
Because it's past tents.
There is a vas diference
EDIT: Wow I didn't expect this to become so popular!
They gotta catch 'Jamal
The older they are, the easier they are to pick up.
A threesome. 
The party was for "Wights only."
How do you make a baby politician cry.   Take away his slush-y fund.  
Acne waits until your 12 to come on your face.
diabetes.... I'll see myself out
There was 20 of them 
They turnip the beets!
Cause the cheating bitch ducked.
Any conservative winning an argument with a liberal, Democrat or 'progressive'.
Nothing. He just laughed. 
Because he screwed his wife!
It's a dead giveaway...
I work in a casino and want to hear your best one. Here is mine:  what's the difference between a canoe and a baccarat player? A canoe sometimes tips!
Czechoslovakia. 
Horse ræddish.
Every character was Legoless
i did its ruined the sofa, there is shit all over the house,my arms are in ribbons and now i cant find the dog, i think some charities can be downright irresponsible!
Because they’re pi rates.
See No Green
She wasn't.
When I cut up a prostitute i don't cry.
Because he was crossed. 
Nevermind, it has no point. 
Uni-ball
Bizon
Because it was a chesnut tree.
Nobody made it to the Finnish Line.
Oranges and peaches.
Your wife can take 3 dicks!
Because it was bipolar.
Brigham Young
A pédrophile
Because 6 8 9
They both leave kid's homes with empty sacks.
Because he's your mom's kid.
Thoreau some mo'
because... chicken.lel

There is no f in way
He was a Métro gnome.
Fuck it, we'll drink in the dark. (Happy birthday Devildogs)
Potenuse  Credit: Key and Peele. I don't want to be like that kid in class. 
He didn't like showing his work; was only interested in the final solution.
Dead ones, you guys. Dead ones. 
You follow the Fresh Prince
Slap an african in the face
Because they're too young for him
You boil the hell out of it.
The Fat Man.

Because they are really good at it. 
Denim Denim Denim
So he would stop getting lost everything he checked it.
Stephen Hawking's personal gym.

Namaste
Oh, I guess you've never rolled one down far enough.
Netflix and pills :D
She wanted to make some money on the side...
None.  You don't need a lightbulb when you have a glass ceiling.
Do you have a ticket for that?
Doesn't matter, ants can't rent a house
heilcopter
A Swallow
Virgin mobile 
Santa.
Chair-y
An astro-fizzy-tits
Men jiggle the nozzle afterwards.
One says "Hasta la vista baby!!" and the other one says "Hasta la vista son"
...  They both burn on re-entry.
He is always Hoe-hoe-hoeing.
She hasn’t even been a women for a year yet.
Behind a badge
He said "I wanna two sheet onna the bed".
"The guns wasn't in the horse fixing resume!"
Phlegmbuoyant. 
Niggative.
Because could never find the Final Solution. 
Too many cheetahs
In chemistry, you should never lick the spoon.
Because his jokes were always in poor taste ..
Because it only ate vegetables.
They don't know where home is. 
Anyone who can run, jump or swim is already over the border
Because they always miss.
Does this rag smell of chloroform to you? 
Why did the baker become a baker? He just couldn't cut it as a butcher.
You could almost say it was a surgical strike.
Everything he saw was fuzzy.
Before the first period. 
Q: Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs?  A: Because he doesn't want anyone to know he's screwing the chickens.
I don't know probably out golfing with his buddies.
Not get a job.
Yeah, I saw it on ESPN. It had their team logo and then a big MIA next to it.
To get a better grip on her broom.

Pump kin.
Benjamin Netangoogle
Because she has no arms. Knock knock. Who's there? Not Sally, she has no arms. 
Egg Nog
Nice obi!
One is a cunning bunch of runts
I'm glad I got the hell out of there!
They have a lot of moo/neigh. 
Time is on your side.
It's a weird biological thing
Dr. Dre
A: One requires tweetment, the other requires oinkment.
His daddy was really a mummy.
Four words. Edit: when do I kill myself.
He became a Super Aryian.
Kicked out of the petting zoo.
The thieves said 'give me all your dough.'
There's ninety of 'em.
Because he is Peter Parkour
Hot wheels.
Russel
Q: What's the difference between a voyeur and a thief?  A: A thief snatches your watch.
Quatro Sinko
Hi-ho
None, Mexicans do it for them.
Cock
because it grew  ponentially 
He had locomotives.
Tysssonssss
When it's down to it's last quarter.
Nothing. He's mute. I don't even think he's as ventriloquist.
It's not hard...
It is because it is can-able.
Both have LAX security.
One's a Goodyear, the other's a fucking awesome year!
I looked her dead in the eye and replied, "Yes, I also ordered a pizza."
I forget
Virgin Mobile
One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter!
Lulz!!! etc etc etc :-D
A cyst!
Having all that trivial information must be a big distraction...
A circus is full of cunning stunts
A pilot you fucking racist.
He was in a dilemma.
Because they don't like periods.
You look in the mirror and see what you saw. Take the saw and saw the table in half. Two half's make a whole, go through the hole. 
Poop: Please don't push. It's already tight in here! Poop to Pee: May I go first? Meanwhile, Fart pushing everyone to the sides.. Fart: Excuse me! Excuse me! I need to go!
... For the benefit of the deaf!
Two. On e to he  lp with t he  he lp with  one two  with and the oth  there to  {}}}}}}}}}}}}}  and th e to two  with lp  he
Because his utopia might be classless, but he's not
Experts say that 82% of people believe what is said in make-believe studies when they claim that they are confirmed by experts.
PinkShine
Telling your parents that you're gay.
Neither did he.
Your mother!
The wheelchair
It only takes one nail to put him on a wall.
Telling your parents you're gay.
A Roamin' Catholic 
Right where you left it
Pier Pressure 
Old Jed's a millionaire.
Lean Beef.
Two boobs and a man
Ground Beef.  Am I doing this right?
I just watched it and I don't think Mike really got his character down. He kept saying he hated juice.
Tulips on my organ.
He ran to Jesus to give him a hug and Jesus said:  "Come back when you're eighteen "
Because they can't masturbate.
Poles on the rigth half of the plane are unstable
It was basted on a true story.
The Crimea River.
Because you didn't know they had it.
Orange Jews
Leaving Mustang meets.
A kush and push.
It don't need cleaning!
A man left for work one Friday afternoon. Instead of going home, he stayed out the entire weekend hunting with the boys and spending all his wages. When he finally got home on Sunday night, he was confronted by his very angry wife. After two hours, she stopped nagging and said, "How would you like it if you didn't see me for two or three days?" He replied, "That would be fine with me." Monday went by and he didn't see his wife. Tuesday and Wednesday came and went with the same results. Thursday, the swelling went down just enough for him to see her a little out of the corner of his left eye.
Juantanamo
Nether of them have a pop.
When you ask the doctor where to put your pants and his reply is right next to mine.
Cashews.
A humpback.
A bloody Mary.

She had gotten him out of a tight spot before.
To the farmacy.
To render the buildings on the other side
A Labracadrabador
A bingo machine. 
Booooooooooooookake
How do you breathe through something so small?
Because they are always spotted!
The lesbians would win, because, they would 69 all the way there, while the homosexuals would still be at home packing their shit. 
bitches have pussies 
Two women met for the first time since graduating from high school. One asked the other, "You were always so organized in school, did you manage to live a well planned life? " "Yes," said her friend.  "My first marriage was to a millionaire;  my second marriage was to an actor;  my third marriage was to a preacher;  and now I'm married to an undertaker." Her friend asked, "What do those marriages have to do with a well planned life?" She answered: "One for the money,  two for the show,  three to get ready,  and four to go." 
It's white and it's all over their land.
Because it was too froggy outside.
Let's get together and make some cents.
Cocktail :-P
Sixty-eight. At 69 you have to turn around.
Walking, Jk rowling
Mr Bus.
It came straight outta Compton's glass.

Cinnamon Toast Brunch
One's a grand car and the other's a grand car
In the NB - "eh"
Me and my co worker was having a good conversation about school that lasted about 20 mins. Then she said "Can I ask you a question" and I replied "You just did"
I heard it's very efishient
Two men walk into a bar. The first one says to the bartender, " I would like some h2o." The second guy says to the bartender " I would like some h2o to." Why did the second guy die?  Because he had h2o TO one in other ways, h2o2 which a poisonous chemical
He makes a fe-line for the door.
I'm sure of it.
So the gerbils can find their way out.
To go back into the first clothes shop we went into two hours ago.
Because he's a Tito-Hitler.    Get it...   Teetotaler.. When you say it out loud.. It sounds like... teetotaler...    don't hate me   
myelin
In a BMW, the prick is on the inside.  
Because he ran ahead.
You know he's guilty.
You really gotta hand it to her.
You get Solar Morty and WOOOoooooo!
Because he kisses his mother with that mouth
Hudyanika Bolokov
Medium Pizzas 
Equal frights but usually their haircuts are enough to give worse frights! 
They're both manicures
Because they can. 
It's very time consuming. EDIT: Also, I don't want my time to go to waist.  Courtesy of 
Cause you're a basic bitch
You can't eat on the job.
He had a brown paper bag hat, brown paper bag boots, a brown paper bag shirt, and a pair of brown paper bag pants. He was arrested. For rustling.
It really nose it's way around. 
It's absolute fire

Nothing, their last big hit was the wall.
He didnt leave them a tip....for dinner.
4 skin divers
No tomatoes
He was retarded 
You don't cry when you cut up a saxophone. Happy Saxophone Day Why this musical abomination deserves its own day is beyond me. Edit: beside to beyond
They are sitting on their lips!
An orca-stra.
Sin Pi
You don't know which witch is which!
They make up everything.
They both have a climax.
I don't really remember, I was too busy masturbating.
I'm not going to come into school tomorrow.
Toupee' my friend...Toupee'
paramedics 

Hey, are you Jamaican a cake?
You cant-elope!
He was   to death
Because they have no Seoul.
Sherlock Homie
I heard he got 6 sentences!
Light Blue.
Oven gloves.
Aziz, I'm sorry.
A lamb, duh!
Something punny.
''Hey! I'm Joaquin here!'' 
They're obsessed with rigid bodies!
the infantry
Because they knead the dough.
Apparently he didn't want to marry Kate and Ashley.
.  . . No Racism please !
Because the ends justify the memes
It's neither big nor clever.
Computin science
A rip off.
Because its period was late.
Red paint.
One, while the rest were kung fu fighting
A brushin.
Because they schlepped together.
Six, if you slice them thin enough.
How about a partnerswitch?  I'll bang your wife and give you a handjob after!
He rEDDITed it. I'll leave.
They both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick!
Hodor.
She eats balls all day. WOKA WOKA WOKA WOKA!!!!!
She's innocent until proven quilty.
they both go on your weenie
Cuz I'm bringing you back from the dead!
It's very time-consuming.
ma'lady
Wipes his ass. 
Cuz' I could go back in time to approach you with a better pickup line than this one
Because they are light. 
Because she's a woman.
A 14-inch pizza can feed a family of four
Virgin Mobile.
He throws a block party.
Haven't you ever seen pig's tie? It's filthy!
Hey, S-tat-ue?
You boil the Hell out of it.
Wipe.
Penis potato 
Well, if you don't know I'm definitely not asking you to mail this letter for me.
They both start off sucking and blowing, but you end up losing your house.
Cunt Dracula
Deadpan
He's half dead!
I'm out, urine.
megasoreass
Lickalotopuss
WATERRR THOOOOOSSSSSEEEEE!!!!
An avalanche
Because they all live in de-nile...
What is worse than a dead hooker? A dead hooker in your bed.What is worse than that? Hooker dies when you are doing that. What is worse than that? Hooker doing a blowjob before dying. What is worse than that? Hooker closes his mouth once and for all with your dick in it. What is worse than that? Opening her mouth with a crowbar.What is worse than that? Crowbar breaking.
coz they have RAM-allah
Nether have they
a Highjacker
He just couldn't budget.
A woman hears someone knock at the door. She opens to see and a man asks, “Do you have a private part??” She slams the door in disgust. The next day she hears a knock, opens up and it’s the same man. He asks the same question the woman slams the door again. Her husband gets home she tells him what happened for the last two days. The husband says to her, “Honey I’m taking tomorrow off to be home just in case he shows up again.” The next morning they hear a knock at the door and the husband says, “I’m going to hide behind the door and listen. If it is the same guy I want you to answer yes to see where he is going with this.” The man asks the same question, “Do you have a private part?” “Yes!” replies the woman. The man replies, “Good! Would you mind telling your husband to leave my wife’s own alone and start using yours?”.
Aspergers
Wipe your dick on the curtain. 
They get BUCKED up!
They're afraid of change.
:)
Edit: I'm so sorry. I had to exorcise this shitty joke out of my head before it drove me insane.
Little seizures
Pun-ilingus. 
She got assaulted
'Cause all their pants are half-off
The Dock
Took some tums
It's okay though, he woke up.
They're always getting hooked up
because jew wrongs don't make a riech
A nervous wreck.
Because he was in-a-cent! 
Ones filled with a bunch of baboons and the other just doesn't give a hoot during the day.
It must be 90 degrees because you're the 1.
Because you're showing high interest. 
M'laria
Ones a pant in the country the others a...
If you hit it its fog, if you don't it's mist.
Its fucking intence.
Abercrombie and Bitch
A Sturgeon
Melon and Broccoli!
A Juan-Ton
He was losing packets.
Estas muriendo. Tu necesitas chemo. Sabe?
Because blonde guys are stupid too.
LAX
Identity theft! A math joke. Credit goes to Ben. 
The father responds "would you fuck a random man for a million dollars"? The daughter replies " well of course"! Father says "ok go ask your mom the same question".  The girl returns and says "mom said for that much money, definitely". The father lets out a long sigh, "well sweetheart, here's the difference.. In theory we're millionaires, but in reality I'm living with a couple of whores".
Te-quil-a
Fix It Again Tony
A pastatute.
I don't have a Lamborghini 
Snowed-in
They planet.
It runs in your jeans.
Finding your dad's wedding ring.
 
Your mom is funny.
You'd spill your drink.
A pool table...
A leave of Absinthe.
Because Cops go there willingly.  Free security and protection.
Good mourning. 
Have the alter boy shit into her pussy.
Cap-a-chino
The home delivery.
It had a short circuit.
ARRRby's
A chew-chew train.
They both lost their pop.
Your grandparents.
He could not hit any of the ketones.
Don't worry, they'll tell you.
Just Ice
Dos Eggys
at the stock market
BECAUSE HE'S BLACK
They heard there was water at the end
Hotmale.
....TAHINI!!!
A pugilist!
Lie to me motherfucker.
He was an oppressive shitlord.
Cause he was told to get a long little doggy.
An astronaut.
Adolf Hitler's grandmother.
It doesn't.
At an orthodox wedding, the mother of the bride is pregnant. At a conservative wedding, the bride is pregnant. At a reform wedding, the rabbi is pregnant!
a dell
HOOdini
"Your mom."
He didn't even finish his j---
The same way he deals with all his other problems. He works it out with a pencil.
A father. 
He is so misunderstood.
He kept fingering A minor.
Becaauuuussseee 7 8(ate) 9.  You get it huh?
Finks
Relative humidity. 
An apple because the balackman hangs.
A Brick.
They have hollow weenies!
sneakers( iknow its old but its nice)
Haven't you ever peeled apart a hot grilled cheese sandwich?
Gatorade
They'll always swallow
Because you'll get stuck with the bill, and if you don't have money to pay the restaurant will call the cods on you. Fin.
He was alright.
With prostitutes, the more money you pay the more you'll get fucked.
Shiitake mushrooms.
Because it's frowned upon in Islam to smoke ziggurats.
A coffin.
A woman.
It was otter chaos!
Bling blong
Awarewolf 
Because the winner was a cheetah
fettucine afraid-o
Sleeping Beauty 
The Ku Kanux Klan.
2 jews found the same penny
Spare ribs
They don't have windows.
She said: no I really was asleep. (I heard this from Gazzo on Penn & Teller: Fool Us)
Speed while driving past a speed camera.
Mr. Buss
Because he didn't feel very whale
What is the longest word in the English language?  SMILES: there is a mile between the first and last letters!"
Because ghosts have hollow-weenies! Happy halloween :)
Well... I don't know anything for sure. But I heard he's a roofless killer!
Obviously the coin, the coin sinks!
then she would be luke's sithter
It’s just a little hole in the wall.
Its not hard. 
Because your mother looks like a pig. Because you look damn hot bacon in the Sun. Because I want to stuff you like Thanksgiving dinner. . . . More suggestions appreciated
"Not Metal."
A turban legend
Two bastards.
To keep its nuts dry.
2 feet of my cock in your ass
Because every black man gets a longer sentence.
Well jimmy, i could tell you what time it is or i could tell you how babys are made said the father. After telling him jimmy was shocked and holy moly i made you read all that crap.
Because i can see Uranus through my binoculars at night.
Meet Patty!
Wa-tah! Haha.  I'll leave now... (Sorry if already posted.  I searched a little bit but found nothing.)
You will be [deleted]
Uncles
Are you taking off your make-up ?
Because they love BOOOOoooOOoOoOoooooooze!!
It's full of Boo's and Spirits.
Because the ref was blowing a foul.
It's nacho fault.
They're invalids. (Har har) Remember: with proper care and maintenance, your electronic devices will serve you well for many years to come. Reduce landfill; retain your devices.
Because you look like a 10/10!
Acne usually comes on a boys face after he turns 12.
osMoses

He ain't have no boo
Because OCT 31 == DEC 25
father's day
Because the stakes were high!
That Reese, uhhh, whats her name? Reese ....... "WITHERSPOON?" Nah she got stabbed with a knife.
Pump-kin.
2 people chatting. "Why did the chicken cross the road?" Why? "To get to the Idiots house" "Knock knock" Who's there? "The chicken" LISTEN UP YOU MOTHERF*
I don't know I don't speak kangaroo.
because it has amazing drops.
ILLEAGLE activity.
2, but how do you get them in there?
Marty Mcsit
Dinners on me!
Nothing, you've already told her twice.
Dr. Dre.
Well, last week was my birthday. My wife didn't wish me a happy birthday. My parents forgot and so did my kids. I went to work and even my colleagues didn't wish me a happy birthday. As I entered my office, my secretary said:  I felt so special. She asked me out for lunch. After lunch, she invited me to her apartment. We went there and she said:  She came out 5 minutes later with a birthday cake, my wife, my parents, my kids, my friends, & my colleagues all yelling "SURPRISE!!!" while I was waiting on the sofa... naked. 
I had a joke to cheer you up... but I loss tit
5. 1 to screw in the light bulb, and 4 to remark on how grand the old one was. 

It's a habit. 
A: They throw them down the stairs to see what noise they make. 
Jew jew!
11, because it has another one.
[removed]
Neither of them could completely finish a race.
I'm not sure, but they both go out with shovels to find the booty.
Cum
A handful of sheet.
because that's what they measure.
Kill his family.
Lake Flaccid 
Schrödinger's cut
They both put their meat in 9 year old buns.
A dud of a spud.
Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out the window.
Cut the rope.
With great male privilege comes great male responsibility
A Klondike Bar
Because if they flew by the bay they'd be bagels.
8 nothing, 8 nothing, 8 nothing.....
When I'm weed you ;)
When its down your pants; then its a goblin!

I don't know, but it sure can wash a lot of dishes.
Gingers
Pick him up and suck his dick
"Wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!"
Pantene.
I'm Arnold to assist you.
Because it is the only thing left that still belongs to black people.
A heavy drinker.
Trigger Treat!!
You get a lot of sheet.
Their ankles!
They're drop dead gorgeous!
Because the instructions on the shampoo bottle said to "1. Lather  2. Rinse  3. Repeat"
Güdentite
None, because PETA can't change anything. -A joke I found inside the game manual for Super Meat Boy for Steam.
Nothing... he's still stuck to the entrance.
Drive east or west on Interstate 70 until you smell shit. Then go south till you run into it 
A boooooooooooobjob
A midnight snack A hot Breakfast
An ese.
Nothing.  You already told her twice. 
Jew jipped you!
Because he said he was a master baiter.
Too chinz
With a low-key event 
Awwwwwwwwwwwwmonds P.S. it's my birthday please love me
"You got a fag I can bum?"
Even the cake was in tiers!
The Zebra.
She got a Zebra.
A Gorilla
Bitches.
You park the car,  . 
A Marine walks into a bar and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman. He gives her a quick glance then casually looks at his new Apple watch for a moment. The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late? "No," he replies, "just got this state-of-the-art Apple watch, and I was just testing it." The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What's so special about it?" He says, "It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically." The lady says, "What's it telling you now?" "Well, it says you're not wearing any panties." The woman giggles and replies, "Well it must be broken because I am wearing panties!" The Marine smirks, taps his watch and says, "Darn thing's an hour fast." And that, my friends.......is Confidence!
I’ll give you a hint, he remains very low-key.
Argh.. Sorry, I just killed it...
Neither did anyone else...
A waste. You could fit 1 more in the trunk.
-No? -Well, I do.
they both mount dead things
Allah mode
Scrambled Legs
They give a peck to the cheek.
Because Demons are a Ghouls best friend.
Try to kill the Mrario.
It's when you're in the office, bed is at home and whiskey is in the bar.
The higher they are, the more spaced out they get
i have a egyption speed datin assignment due and i was just wondering if any of u could just come up with a clever ancient pick up line if u can including aphrodite. thanks for the help!

Because he, basalt-ed someone. Ba
To stop it from falling out. 
You pull down their genes.
Because all his genes were hand me downs.
They're both used to store nuts.
Because OCT 31=DEC 25
Meet Patty
Because he keeps getting nailed to the boards!
Muscle mammary
Ship monks.
Because he's Arminion.
They haven't either.
Porta-hello

"What is life without a porpoise?"
Put them in a semite-truck.
Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
Q
Their palms are white.
HEY! DO YOU WANT TO BUY A CHICKEN!?!?!
No haemo.

Two.  But, I still can't figure out how they got in there.
For an European 500 Miles is a long distance, for an American 500 years are a long History
Stephen Hawking 
Turnip

One if nobody is watching.
If you would have been at the other end, you would have...
Because they work for peanuts
They'll be back.
because its too close to the gas chamber
P.S. I Love You
1 to change the light bulb and to post that the light bulb has been changed 14 to share similar experiences of changing light bulbs and how the light bulb could have been changed differently 7 to caution about the dangers of changing light bulbs 27 to point out spelling/grammar errors in posts about changing light bulbs 53 to flame the spell checkers 41 to correct spelling/grammar flames 6 to argue over whether it's "lightbulb" or "light bulb" ... another 6 to condemn those 6 as anal-retentive 2 industry professionals to inform the group that the proper term is "lamp" 15 know-it-alls who claim   were in the industry, and that "light bulb" is perfectly correct 156 to email the participant's ISPs complaining that they are in violation of their "acceptable use policy" 109 to post that this group is not about light bulbs and to please take this discussion to a lightbulb group 203 to demand that cross posting to hardware forum, off-topic forum, and lightbulb group about changing light bulbs be stopped 111 to defend the posting to this group saying that we all use light bulbs and therefore the posts   relevant to this group 306 to debate which method of changing light bulbs is superior, where to buy the best light bulbs, what brand of light bulbs work best for this technique and what brands are faulty 27 to post URL's where one can see examples of different light bulbs 14 to post that the URL's were posted incorrectly and then post the corrected URL's 3 to post about links they found from the URL's that are relevant to this group which makes light bulbs relevant to this group 33 to link all posts to date, quote them in their entirety including all headers and signatures, and add "Me too" 12 to post to the group that they will no longer post because they cannot handle the light bulb controversy 19 to quote the "Me too's" to say "Me three" 4 to suggest that posters request the light bulb FAQ 44 to ask what is a "FAQ" 4 to say "didn't we go through this already a short time ago?" 143 to say "do a Google search on light bulbs before posting questions about light bulbs" 1 forum lurker to respond to the original post 6 months from now and start it all over again....
Sexy kids
You dont.  You get down off a goose.
fitting in
Because he was grounded.
Because if you only invite one, he'll drink all your beer.
Shoot him again. 
To strike the Comy-eddy gold!
Because he had fallen, and could not get back up.
Just one, with ten vegetarian hotdogs.
Sorry!
Dude: It's very simple, I will stop my imagination
Donald Trunk
Because you can't drink and derive
It just ran out of juice.
Pull down his pants.
To see if he was done cooking.
He likes his drinks shaken, not stirred.
Fe-male
Total internal reflection.
How about now?
Pilgrims!  
racial prejudice
They are both living off of dead beatles.
Their sausages are the wurst.
He couldn't see the point.
Society.

A door.
U.C.L.A
Judith
Orange Juice made from concentrate
They though it was Riel funny!
The boo-keeper.
About $20 a kilo.
Mittens. Just joking, im not sure what he got, hasn't opened his gift yet 
Electro cute
It was a polar bear
I haven't a clous.
Lenin.
To get to the other side. 
Because he's shellfish!

Well, neither have they! Seriously though, donate if you can.  
Over a long period. 
My dogma ate it.
Someone who comes knocking on your at 8am on a Sunday and tells you to fuck off!
Because it's not Adele
No comment.
master bait
Pop music.
Im not too sure either but the flags a big plus.
The closer you get to the butt, the more flavor you get.
Because he couldn't find a date!
A pedo file
Your bike. 
They Rocked their doors.
Optical.
Because they are parasites
A conundrum
You can join us, as long as you stay quiet.
He farts
A one-pump Trump
Muzzle'm. 
Medium.
Because proper-tea is theft.
A 
OOOOOWWWWLLLL....
He made him an offer he couldn't understand.
The Gazpacho
"Plane" Bagels!... I'll show myself out...
Coma-toes! (I made up this joke when I was 10.)
A paradox.
Because he doesnt do well on the poles
He farts
It's Alaska, don'Juneau.
Yes.
How are we gonna find an egg in all this shit?!
Tripod of the year.
Dunno but I'm sure he made all rights all rights all rights.
A chunk
What do you call an Indian Pornstar? Ramit Baldeep
She doesn't because she's dead. 
QUIT Häagen-Dazs ICE CREAMS!
He had a reptile dysfunction.
Ach! I tink I'm losing mein Herr!
Get Jalapeño business.
A dumbell
Yours :P 
Because they're ugly and they stink.
Mufnasa
It runs in your genes.
He's all right now
Mutton-schnapps.
"Hey you're in my son"
I don't know.
A niece slapper. 
Boobies
An Oncologist
A: He was hit by a bus
Gloves, but he doesn't know that yet.. since he can't open it.
Dog
Because it's missing two towers.
ratemypoo.com
A semenar
Sikh Beats. 
a leotard ~ 
Bok Bok Bok CHOY
10
Two! one to change the light bulb and the other to rotate the universe!
HE HAS TOO MUCH LONGER LEG !!!!
Because of all the cold fission it has. 
Don't worry, be hoppy :)
Because he's very well off and he can afford the finest ingredients. 
He was a homosexual. 
None.  They just let it burn out and follow it around for twenty years.
He dropped the hard 'arrrrrr.'
Politicians run BEFORE they steal your money.
Bob.
Shower Cream
A person that likes to tell anti jokes. 
Because they take away your house, your car, your furniture and everything you have.
Because before he leaves the factory they give him two test tickles.
He burped 7-Up
Josè and Josb
A cat.
They both have a problem with mass incarceration.

enormouse
They take "To catch a thief, you have to be a thief" literally.
They're both flat.
A full blooded Cherokee
A San Diego
.... you get a Hyperlink ...
That would be  wong on so many levels!
 warm
Hasta la pasta baby.
They will both blow the entire east coast just to get on TV.
Teacher: What is the difference between lightning and electricity? Alexander: I know – you do not have to pay for lightning.
Because it looks like you landed face first
By trying to jump rope.
He squeezed through the bars.
A raft
Because the princess was always on another Castle.
He was charged with battery. 
We've both been beaten by a black guy, let's not let it happen again.
Because every day is a sadder-day.
You fuck her. 
A badassassin.
Netflix and kill.
People look down on them.
At first they are wet and wild, but then they take away your car and your house.
Because, 7 8 9...
Put the word 'gluten' at the beginning 
The thot police!
Mango!
GERANIUM!
Nobody knows because they've never tried
Because you have a plumbum.
because I would love to find the area under those curves
He used to be a kernel. 
Jewbacca
I've never paid money to have a lentil on my face!
Funky Bunches of Oats
"Please get out of the swimming pool"
I didn't even know it was sick
He always drop the bass.  sorry
A cart has claws at the end of its paws. A comma is a pause at the end of a clause. Edit: spelling
Because you seem so much cooler when I'm around.
Eric Clapton wouldn´t let a bag full of cocaine fall off the window
You've ever gotten one bug bite not on your crotch (or tits).
A bunch of offended Tumblrinas 
It doesn't make cents
Because he only comes once a year
Her monstrual cycle
Because the body of Christ was a cracker!
Because he came-alot 
Because he had too many fans! (thanks George - aged 8)
He had a reptile dysfunction.

Because he's a Wrap God
Because the whole state is inbred
Retorta
He over 'd      
Climate change beat the ice berg 
There's twenty of them.
Piscine.
T. Modern pirates are most likely based in Somalia, and T is the most common consonant in the Somali Latin alphabet.
Show her a used tampon and ask what period it's from. Wakka wakka!
Because they were Turkish.
Because you need to be 21 to get in.
Beyblades.
Hydrogen Iodide
Because they want to
Erotic is when you use a feather, kinky is when you use the whole chicken
A Baa-Homburg! 
You poke 'em on!
A row bot
H Edit: I don't like explaining jokes but since the first guy didn't get I might as well: When pronounced in a French accent it sounds like ash.
In bent-toe boxes.
The Camelot.  PS Booze helped with this and now I'm laughing alone in my apartment Edit: Went to class, came back, saw this. Me and my cat are thoroughly pleased.
He was soda pressed.
denim denim denim
A cunning linguist. 
They lack chemistry. 
Throw it into a wood chipper.
They were listening to some Tune-as, but the music was so bad and un-bear-able that the man pawsd the track.  The bear was so furry-ous that he attacked the man.  He met a grizzly end.  
Solve the quiz or die.
Paranormals.
Shake It Off
Poor guy can't remember squats.
He tried to pull an oyster from the serving tray, but ended up pulling a mussel.
A 4chan!
A non-prophet 
A Flew  I know.. 
Terry Fox
Wars end.
Ed. U. Cation!
I'm Waka-Waka-Waka-Walking here!
I can't hear an enzyme.
Netflix and Jill
I better not tell you, You Might spread it!!!
It has caused multiple cases of aviary cancer.
Elephino
If they are black you will not eat tonight!  (Sorry if this racist joke caused any offence)
No, not Shakey's you insensitive person. Besides having a crippling disability rendering him unable to drive without risk of damage to the pizza, he is also a B-list celebrity worth many hundreds of thousands of dollars. 
Question : What is globalization?  Answer : Princess Diana's death Question : How come? Answer : An English princess with an Egyptian boyfriend crashes in a French tunnel, driving a German car with a Dutch engine, driven by a Belgian who was high on Scottish whiskey, followed closely by Italian Paparazzi, on Japanese motorcycles, treated by an American doctor, using Brazilian medicines! And this is sent to you by a Canadian, using Bill Gates' technology which he got from the Japanese.  And you are probably reading this on one of the IBM clones that use Philippine-made chips, and Korean made monitors, assembled by Bangladeshi workers in a Singapore plant, transported by lorries driven by Indians, hijacked by Indonesians and finally sold to you by a Chinese!
Socrates
"Enchantré."
You begin to feel a little eel. 

You drop the bass.

A paradox, Marty!
Door jamb.
That's how he mustard the troops.
The CENAry

I am not homophobic, this is for all the 11 year olds on reddit.
So he can have a rest after he gets tired from waking up.
"Watch the Parking son."

grass, i lied about the red part
Michael J Fox's signature.
Silicon Valley.
Because they'd been on the vine.
Cuntrytime Lemonade 
None... he fell.
Depends on which country they're from.
None.....
Because the pictures were way to shaky......
Don't tip her.
Well if you didn't have the sauce then sausages would just be "a jizz"
You give her a test tickle.
A Labracadabrador. 
So people can grow up getting used to pushing a Ford.
Heavy Metal!
Skepticles.
 mmmmmmmm
They were a small medium at large
They thought it was erection day
A: Three - one to change it, one to not-change it and one to both change-and not-change it.
One hundred people who don't do dick.
DODGE!!!
Everything. These two objects have nothing in common.
Ya'll think it's the Arrr but it be the Ceeee 
It doesn't allow you to tip
Because they're in a depression.
He likes to drive the dog's nuts. 
Ate something.
It goes back four seconds
I I
So a guy goes up to a Rabbi and says, "Excuse me Rabbi, but this has been bothering me all day. What are those little hats that Jewish men wear called?" "Yarmulka", says the Rabbi. "God bless you," says the guy, "but seriously tell me about the hats or this is gonna buy the he'll out of me!"
A married Irishman went into the confessional and said to his priest, "I almost had an affair with another woman." The priest said, "What do you mean, almost?" The Irishman said, "Well, we got undressed and rubbed together, but then I stopped." The priest said, "Rubbing together is the same as putting it in. You’re not to see that woman again. For your penance, say five Hail Mary’s and put $50 in the poor box." The Irishman left the confessional, said his prayers, and then walked over to the poor box.  He paused for a moment and then started to leave. The priest, who was watching, quickly ran over to him saying, "I saw that. You didn’t put any money in the poor box!" The Irishman replied, "Yeah, but I rubbed the $50 on the box, and according to you, that’s the same as putting it in!"
They're pre cooked
They live in a school
Mountain women.
Arrrrrrrgo
My boy, you mustn't talk so disrespectfully about your father.
The no man's land. (From me, but that's an easy one, so someone must have come up with it before. But as a frenchman, I'm pretty proud of it.)
If you leave yoghurt alone for long enough it develops its own culture
IndiGENIUS
Because he was dead. Why did the second monkey fall out of the tree? -Because he was tied to the first monkey. Why did the third monkey fall out of the tree? -Peer pressure. Why did the squirrel fall out of the tree? -He was doing a monkey impression.
To see how she looks like when sleeping.
Cos they've got no Seoul! Thank you very much.
Because the bank closes in 5 minutes!
A submarine!
Peas and hominy.
So far the police have found over 300 dead bodies.
1forrest1
Carrot-eh
This is a bomb in a bull.
A sex-offender bender!
Nunavut.
Quack.
A yoke. 
Visa or Mastercard? 
Because these colors don't run.
A concave man
There is no spoon
They got a lot of   Huh? Huh?
If they flew over the bay, they would be bagels :D
Sir Loin.
Because I want to do you on the table
To get a 6Pac! -7th grade me
He's never gonna give you Up.
Photographers.
Well, their flag is a big plus
A stupid snowflake  
Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
I need a punchline for a joke.....What happens when a feminist and a sociopath date? OK GO! 
ANALysis 
Change your name to time, time always passes no matter what
Ctrl+C
There she blows!!!
Hella.
TENtickles 
A food fight.
Because getting fucked in the asshole when you are not horny feels awful 
They both take their pads off after four periods
They're not infallible
We don't. They just come unwanted
One. One to bitch about it so a white knight will do it for her.

Your butthole! *** This joke is awesome because it was created by a third grader where I teach.
A blueberry
The krypton-knight.
One less drunk. - TommyEdisonXP (youtuber)
Because I thought it would last forever.
Ten tickles 
Debrie everywhere.
Because after I come inside you I'm going to be thoroughly disappointed and end up paying large sums of money for the rest of my life just to leave.
The Dark Knightrogen
Hebrews it.

Asking for a friend, she's a bitch. 
[deleted] EDIT: Yes! That's the joke!
Cuz.
Con-Descending 
It's Al Gore
Because he had   to go with.
Jewpiter.
It only takes 120 volts to turn on my toaster.
A lickalotapus
You planet.
Can't recall where I saw that.. 
Deadlifts 
A parking lot. 
Lawsuits
If it didn't stand on any, it would fall over. 
To get to the other side. Why did the chicken want to get to the other side? To get to the bar. Why did the chicken want to get to the bar? To get to the bathroom. Why did the chicken want to get to the bathroom? Cause that's where all the cocks hang out!
Cause I got a semi.
Light
A: She can't find the eleven.
ass-phyxiation
He was a blacksmith
He was killer.
Pumpkin
Stranded.
Once.
Dead silence. What's the sound of a one-handed zombie clapping? Undead silence. Thanks to my gaming group for those.
I think all of their products are toast.
Michael Jackson falling down the stairs.
Boo-bees!
Comfortably Dumb
Because they're all tight-fisted wankers!
Because, he's just dying to party.
They use Force quit.
Because they tasted funny.
They drink bleach.
Booooooo, Booooooo
He Park in son's space
Amy Swallowa.
Supernatural food. 
Hee brew
The guay station. 
It's over, man.
To keep their nuts dry.
Because you're obsessive and loud
He made a spectacle of himself...
Christian Bail
To hold up their pants.
He was just a little beet.
A pumpkin! 
...it was Luke warm.
You put water in a pot and boil the HELL out of it.
A graduated cylinder
Stick a plunger in the toilet 
Al Gore Rhythms
Because they work
Jigglypuff.
Mister bus
Pump-kin
Half a dog.
It's Totally Clips of the Heart.
Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
Because he couldn't find the right droid he was looking for.
Haaand eeeeeeyeeee
A lunatic.
This tall.
Hay bail.
A metrognome.
Fowl ball.
He was feeling down
North Korea. 
Because they're really good at it. 
Mourning wood
It turns NO! NO! NO! into MMM MMM MMM
José and Josb
Carlos.
There was a fork in the road.
You call him by his fucking name what's wrong with you
They don't need to, they glow in the dark...
Because she's miss carriaged.
A Christian...
May be
Cus he looked one way, then another way after.
'Cause I really didn't need this cumback.
An astronaut.
We've had to wait 2,000 years for his second coming.
He kept getting nailed to the boards!
My dalmatian after being hit by a car
None because they go barefoot.
Neither did he.
He drank H20, too!
A boober!
Eat, drink, and be Mary.
Wave to him!
They were made by his distant relative.
Dead in a tunnel. 
You can say sorry at a funeral.
A MUGshot.
"Next!"
They SETI their alarm-y
A Private Tutor.
They're lining the streets in protest
Ayyyeeeee mmmaattteeeyyy.
Because they can get 4g
They each got six months
A yoke. 
It's Rose, bud.
WiiU
It meant the fall of Turkey, the ruin of Greece, and the breakup of China.
Because they kept falling through his hands.
A dog: He feeds me, takes care about me, gives me shelter... He is God. A cat: He feeds me, takes care about me, gives me shelter...  I am God.
Fast Food!!!  ...  I'll see myself out.   Credit goes to Safari Animals Oatmeal by Quaker.  
Depends how hard you throw them. 
Anne Boleyn's.
Red ring of death.
In the tsundra.
He sipped his coffee before it was cool.
Delivery
With jammin'.
He made a booo-ty call
House
The hard-wear store
This is all your fault!
It has a Dark Side, a Light side and it binds everything the galaxy together. Edit:Duct Tape I know, I was tired
The one who shows up with a dozen donuts and two cups of coffee.
(Students will most likely answer the color)  Then you say, "yes, that's one difference but there's another:  The White Sox play in Chicago and the Red Sox play in Boston!

You don't know none.. And here to learn one.. So when you are with your friends.. Or walking with your son.. Tell them reddit jokes.. thinking now they would listen... (to you) play it cool, play it slow.. No need to blow.. Take this further, take this far.. till sang by a star. (Improvise it as you like, don't care about the grammar. No rapper does.)
Ze-bra
Trespassers 
They formed a circle. 
He found his wife sweeping with someone else. 
Student - that you need a smaller bra! 
Arnold Schwarzenegger has already signed up, and said "I'll be Bach."
To get to the other COCK!
Because nobody would drink it if it was called nut juice.
The steaks would just be too high.
A youyou
He was nazi in the mirror as well. 
Just one but every time he does he causes a blackout.
son: what's a "dop Ted"? dad: you are, you are adopted!!  son: ... Nice one dad. dad: I'm not your dad. (Dad joke at its finest, credit: Kris Wilson)
To the st  club.
He kept chanting Feel the Bern-eh, Feel the Bern-eh.
Ihop.
who cares?
None, you can't get any pussy in a smart car.
in an emergenancy
Because a black ball knocks over white pins with red necks.
So the German soldiers can march in shade.
A notebook has papers. -I'll see myself out now 
An apology from the condom factory! 
Smoke
They Planet
Whispering to an elephant: " I'm pregnant with you"
Budweiser your mother naked?
Walking. JK Rowling.
Michael Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmichaeal 
Virgin Mobile.
A Jamaican proctologist
Because they can not see.
He got off on a technicality.
Because they've literally been running around all day
Trick question: Hippies don't screw in lightbulbs, they screw in dirty sleeping bags.
He uses the best ingredients Stay classy ;)

Because everyone secretly plays for the other team. 
Cause youre inbread.
But when they pronounced  it, the word came out "C-eh" "N-eh" "D-eh"
Whore's radish.
It's so funny I can't breathe  Edit: Woah gold, thank you kind stranger :D
Squats, squats, squats squats, squats squats, squats, squats, squats squats. Everybody!
Artificial Swedeners
He called his decision a no-brainer
A just duet.
Bravefart
He'll restart the nuclear power plant
Xbox SmartGlass
None. They can't change anything

Pimples don't come on your face until you're at least 13.
Poor delivery.
Manet's.
Only one. But they have to sit in the dark room for a year, first, to make sure that the lightbulb is   out.
One's a Goodyear... and one's a   year.
Wa-TAH!
You don't see literature majors calling themselves Starbucks baristas
Many years ago, on Christmas Eve, everything went wrong at the North Pole. Mrs Claus was on the rag, the reindeer had the runs, the elves were on strike and Rudolph hit the bottle pretty hard. Santa was pretty pissed-off and about to explode when the little angel walked in with a freshly cut spruce tree. -- where do you want me to put the tree, Santa? the little Angel asked. Santa exploded:  And this is why there is a little angel at the top of the Christmas tree...
Now it's just called the T
Rhesus.
Just one. All he has to do is hold it in place while the world revolves around him.
A paragraph because he isn't a full ese (essay)...
Dress her up like a choir boy
I've seen some pretty crazy people at parties, but this guy definitely takes the cake 
Phillipé Phillopé Friends and I thought of this in French class today.
It's very time-consuming.
A hooker can wash her crack and reuse it.
She wasn't edgy enough!
Because they are worth it!
Because he is the liege of Baes.         
The two are Wolfgang.
A mail escort
No one told him he's black.
He was shellfish.  Woo! Been thinking for days trying to come up with some OC to blast your brains with.
She-mail. 
When it's for play.
A prosti-toot
This is my last resort.
The second lacks the hypocrisy of the first.
Irritable Vowel Syndrome. Happened to a buddy not too long ago. Tears of frustration streaming down his cheeks all over his tiles. Which prompted the reply, "Don't cry; dry your I's!"
Multiple life sentences.
Red paint. Sorry if this is a repost:(
D
She can't find the eleven.
Seoulmates
He came, he saw, he came.
Inherited obesity
Acne doesn’t come on a boys face until he’s 13.
sand.
Sushi
You don't know whether they're awake or asleep. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Because you a GLONASS man!
I conduit 
[deleted]
Her mommy was in a jam.
My Other Penis is a Vagina
She gets throne.
A liar.
Ice cream fits in a tub. 
Two feet of my cock in your ass.
It was a Free Radical.
Hi-C
A sar-chasm.
Intersect it with a plane.
Q: What do you call books about orange juice? A: 
The potato famine.
A reptile dysfunction. Thank high me for that one.
Because he can.
A cruiseifixion. 
Lyse.
Wait, it would probably come out wrong...
How do you know that you are dating a french horn player? Because when you kiss them they shove their fist up your butt
The cysteine chapel! 
She refused to swallow animal by-products.
The entire outfit is compromised. 
A private tooter
DENIM DENIM DENIM
[chokes]
He was de-stable-ized.
One's pretty heavy, the other's a little lighter.
He was dead.

Bike-curious
Hey, wanna hang?
It has its ups and downs. 
Because they eat what bugs them.. Source: 3rd grader told me this joke..
boobs are just basically fat. if you like fat go out with a fat chick
He blew a fortune!
If we stick together we can stop this crap!
Tractor.
Zell, duh!
ARE YOU FUCKING SIRIUS ?
To look sharp.     Credit: 3rd grade me.
It turns out they were just blowing smoke up everyone's ass. 
early retirement
You stick a chicken wing up her vagina and it comes out clean.  
A no-bell prize
...because Karma is a bitch.
A wolf. I threw in the cement to make it hard.
Get in, Robin. 
High definition. 
Through ex-spear-i-mints.
Shi'a LaBeouf
Poll tree!
It chickened out
Because they're ugly and they stink.
He develops LEPTONspirosis.
Let’s go play on our bikes.
Gronkowski
Oh, I'm gonna get mines.
Cuz damn!
a dildo
I want them all! "What's brown and sticky?" "A stick."
Not me

Because he likes to Hit it and Quidditch
Where are the udders? (Thanks to my three boys for that one!)
Hella
As old as trilobites.  
Achoosday
It doesn't matter where you step, shit is about to happen
Dad: Where is the best place to hide an elephant? Me: I don't know, behind a big rock? Dad: In a tree silly.  Me: In a tree? Dad: When's the last time you saw an elephant in a tree?
A submarine 
Jemima's Witnesses.
Concentration camps.
... Is the lightbulb plugged in sir?
A: MOVIES!
Because they knew it would give them a buck in good time.
A pizza can feed a family of four.
She's selling it for half off.
He was too far out, man
Because he was outstanding in his field.
one's really heavy and the others a little lighter!
It keeps baleing
So people do not take him as a conjurer of cheap tricks.
He didnt use the main stream
A newclear bomb.
Le Tour de Franzia
They're used to disappointment.
Because it's white and kills them.
Judaisms.
Outlaws are wanted.
acne waits until your 13 to come all over your face 
Magnum P.R.
I've never meeted an person who had.
A Labrador.

If he was going to be impotent he wanted to look impotent.
A: Because 31 OCT = 25 DEC. Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft… and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor
A paragraph. Because they're a short esé.
Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any. 
I don't know and I don't care
Trombones.
Oops, this was supposed to be for  . There's no punch line!
"I'm cured!"
Because it's fucking in tents!
Because of all the Hymns.
One's very heavy, the other one's a little lighter
No, only targets.

A: Throw one overboard to make the boat a cigarette lighter.
Roll them into a tire and call it a Goodyear.
Get out of my son!
She already has something stuck up her ass.
nm was thinking of Instantgram
A Bobbitt
He gets stumped.
He heard the drinks were on the house..... I'll see myself out.
And why doesn't my girlfriend share this impulse? 
A Bobbitt
Cause I would only use you If I would get paid.
Blackneckbeard.
Because when he blows his horn everyone comes ;)
because he only comes once a year
Jailbait.
'Cause it looks like you hit ever branch on the ugly tree on the way down! 
Because you sure are an economic pest.
Because their horns don't work!
Pump kin
Spam.
Because why aren't you in the kitchen?
Because it's the only way to have a bitch that doesn't talk. 
If he was going to be impotent he wanted to look impotent.
Because you're fun to run over with my bike
Because I wore the wrong socks to work today.
Because the box said 2-4 years!
Apples ideas.
Excuse me, but is this cereal Glutenfrei?
They quit smoking.
One of the legs is both the same.
Because you are BeAuTiful.
It was horrible, all of the windows fell out of their new house
Because I've spent the last few years of my life building up an immunity to Iocane Powder. So, yeah...
There's like 90 seconds of ads so you won't miss any of the show.
Jon Bonjela!

Because it feels like I've seen these jokes before
My guitar doesn't yell at me when I snap it's g-string
He reached into his hat, and...viola! 
"Do you believe in God?"  "Of course! There's only one J.C. for me!" AND HIS NAME IS JOHN CENA!!🎺🎺🎺🎺!!  🎺🎺🎺🎺!!!
To not wake the audience.
I wont ever get you and everytime I try I feel embarrassed. 
because fuck off.
Bernini was later quoted as saying "Thanks Barack, Now I'm Baroque."
Chihuehue
'Cause damn girl.
Cause I wanna grind you up and put you in my freezer.
A La-Barad-dûr
CUZ YOU HAVE GROUND THAT JOKE TO DEATH
Cause I have had enough of your stupid shit.
Cuz damm
Because I want to slam you!
Because I want to spread you and eat you.
Cause you're getting old, fast!
Cuz if I was your dad, I'd be in jail.
BECAUSE OTHERISE WHY YOU NO DOCTAH YET?!
he was two chickens
A Niisan.
They both come on a 12 year old boys face!
Because you are baiting me so hard.
HERROine        
Let's duet! I am so proud for coming up with this one
Because you just slid right out of my asshole. 
Once you're done enjoying the legs, thighs and breasts your left with a greasy box to stick your bone in.
One's a quite heavy, and the other's a little lighter. 
Cock Dracula, because blood isn't the only thing he's sucking ;)
It's called Trisedixagen™ And for men, try Ignordacoc™
One's really heavy, and the other's a little lighter.
Why doesn't our daughter ever come home for Christmas?
Because I just want to fit in..
Into the toilet, you piece of shit?
A blow up doll!
He gets a little cross.
Cub Scouts.
Cuz when I saw your face you scared the shit out of me.
Bearren.
A bird of prey.
Because you're a total 10/10!
In case you wake the sleeping pills! 
Just talk out loud.
'Cause Jamaican me crazy! 
Because you're 10/10 I know we've been doing anti-joke pick up lines but this only comes once a year.
Cause' you're a 10/10
Because you're revolting.
Because he missed a split-end on a curl.
Mabul cake.
Too many cheetahs..
because you're hairy but I still wanna eat you
TO KILL YOUR DOG!!!!!!! Context: Neighbor's dog got hit by a car mid chasing a chicken crossing the road.
Because the neckbeard put on the wrong pair of socks this morning.
with Little Ceasars
Error not long enough.
"What, when I fell from Heaven?" "Yeah, cause your face is really fucked up."
urine
My Amount Of Karma.
As John Cena because you can't see them.
It wasn't.. Because they're just numbers
I said, Damn girl are you deaf?
Cause you're fat as shit.
A lame joke.
'Cause you are outta this world! 
otterpop
Because I want you in my butt.
To pot the brown.
Because you are 10/10. 
Because that ass is calling me
They both got fucked by Oscars.
They can both be a homo-genius 
'cause everyone is talking about the ride...
Because fuck you, you stupid piece of shit. 
Cause your the only ten I see
No one's ever paid to have a lentil on their face. 
because chicken.
A ghost toastie!
15 years - life in prison. 
Probably not.  Opie delivered.
Because you look like it hurts.
Cause you're a 10/10
Dr. Dre
Welcome to the quickee mart
I can't jelly my dick down a bitches throat.
when their fingers go through the toilet paper
Because he's not a full esé.
Because he wanted to get a long little doggy. 
White Vans...
Because you have a seriously fucked up face.
The referee said he wanted a clean fight. :D

Inke
BalIslamic
Do it with SAS.
6to5
Because he sipped his coffee before it was cool.
A pedophile does not get tax exemptions for raping young boys.
Your mattress is missing and, theirs a quarter on the dresser.
He worked it out with a pencil.
Because somethings are butter left unsaid. 
Hitler
Because you're really hot and it's making me nervous. 
you can find both running through the sewer after a nice hot shower.

Forty NEIN ers.
It was a case of two Wongs making a white.
Oh yeah a Yankees hat.
Caesar salad
You're the wurst!
An investigator.
The porcupine has the pricks on the outside. Credit to Top Gear. 
I don't like beer.
Milk and Surreal.
A pedestrian.
One's a crusty bus station and the other is busty crustacean 
I think they were called the Lincoln Logs.
Play-toh. 
Because he kneaded a poo.
He kept getting nailed to the boards.
everywhere
I'm going to a cheese and wine party tonight and the host has requested I bring a "mystery cheese". I'm hoping there's a puntastic cheese out there somewhere that may fit the bill!
Between you and me, something smells.
Greece!
Priests say Amen and gay men say ahh, men.

"Hey.. you're looking fly"
Amanda
Raped.
[removed]
Just tell a girl you love her and her first reaction is to say lets just be friends.
Sum-Young Ho
WOOOOOOOAAHHHHHooOOO, YOUR SAX IS ON FIRE!
LEGALIZATION
Amazon prime. 
He has a hollow-weiner.
Hood orient
Because I'd gladly replace my x with u.
It's only SPF
Boil the hell out of it!
WASWAS
Water me lawn
A Highlighter
He invited her over to net fish and krill.
It's going to be all white.
I don't know. I don't have 2020 vision.
Sssssssss....
A Dell
Is it: A) memory loss A) memory loss Or  3) The Battle of Hastings
Never mind I forgot the skewers.
Because they are good at running, shooting, and stealing! 
Because it rises in the morning.
"I knead you!"
It was degrating.
A Navy Bean
Étoupée
Because it wasn't 
Because he was dyslectric.
Mourning Wood
tooth-hurty
Nevermind, it doesn't really matter.
Cross Country
He did some seoul searching.
He gold arrested for animal abuse
...because they are set in the future.
1.)Prove 2.)That 3.)Shit 4.)You 5.)Fucking 6.)Cunt
Cunt Dracula
Keep the tip.
In little nazis.   Oldie but still good.
Yours.
Coonilingus

Have you ever seen a dumpster with four?
Because she kept throwing out all the W's
A dairy potter.
A cannibull
My favorite Michael Jackson joke.
You follow the fresh prints.
She fell out of the tree.
2 Na!
Turns out Jet fuel can't melt Steeler dreams.
He had Gnocchi.
His wife. 
One of them you want to see a lot less of.
You wave.
Because there is no Turkey
Because everyone's full of shit.
Because they thought that they were the center of the universe.
A poo'et 
A: Because she grew out of her B shells.
What's her name?  Eileen  If she's Asian what's her name?  Irene   /goingtohellforthis
I'm not sure, but it was quite the pot twist.
This guy!!!
The tiger of course. There are only a few left 🐯
Bean dip!
When do we want 'em? Time machines!
Pay-To-File

You get falawful farts.
2 na
Because it was abalonely
The cow. Because they're always in the  . 
Obviously not.

"How do you breathe through something so small?"
Say the drinks are on the house
Pubes
The sight of premature Ejack-o-lanterns in the neighborhood.  I'm a Dad so this joke is OK
Aaa bloody bummer
They don't like any kind of jobs
None, they can't change anything.
NonononononononononoNONONONONONO! NONONONONONONO! NONONONONONONONONONONONONONONO! (he can't.)
K
He was de-lighted.
Done.
It was wrong on so many levels.
who cares.
Assless chaps. Source:
Someone who takes everything literally
Because you are priceless to me. 
Because there is a lot of reposting to do.
KKK Slider
ImPasta
They never get old 
Do they come in bulk?
You push it aside and keep eating. Credit to a coworker that told me this last night. 
A can't see-creature.
Herr Goebbels.
They opened up an incesteraunt.
You jump from the 1st one.
Girl: I don't remember, why do you ask that? Boy: Because my 'Interest' in you is just going up everyday......
You'll never de-fetus. 
The punchline
Because there is a lot of reposting to do. Edit: Moving up the front page of jokes. Thanks everyone! Edit2: Wow!!! Thanks for making this my most successful post. Guess you could say it had a good footing.
A Japanese phone, Wing wing, "Halo?"
Your wife.

OP de-livered.
If it was invented anywhere else it would've been called the teethbrush
Plagiarism
White vans Edit: when   beats your joke 
Arnold Schwarzenigger
Scanned-in-avia
Shit in her pussy
Not a lick.
They are in-sects
Because he was generally known to be a square(ed).
21, because ET left Earth in a UFO.
Jews.
Because it was accidental.
Once you've seen Juan, you've seen Jamal.
Because if they were made in the UK they would be called microcrisps.
Cause she was a woman 
"There's no place like cd ~"

Because people get nervous when Mohammad starts counting down from 10.
Two. One to screw in the lightbulb and one to hold the penis. I mean ladder, one to hold the ladder.
Cause they work out. 
A squadratic formula, if you will.
Because he was bin laden.
A huge cat ass trophy. God that was terrible :( I just came up with it but I think it needs work. But I really like the cat ass trophy = catastrophy pun as a punchline.
It's just a watered down Manhattan.
Question: Why did the Skeleton cross the road? Answer: To go to the body shop.
"I thought you said you'd never forget...."
Someone's a lot less deadly with a normal potato.
A pizza can feed a family.
Courtney Love
He doesn't want to be spotted
zero, because none of them knows how to 
"M'otherland"
A police horse
There was a hole in Juan.
Because Jesus took the wheel.
*is
Stevie Wonder's speedboat.

A peacunt.
You have to deal with people who forget to close their tabs.
Wookieeleaks
Inflation
A baby chewing on a razor blade.
Sparky
Me-sa lovely by scouting for gungans.
"Baby, You're a Firework"
I'm in the middle of 
Get a broom.

Because Sheeran away.
Razor
An   -  nflushable  loating  bject
I'm looking for the most cancerous jokes you can think of.
Erotic is using a feather....kinky is using the whole chicken. 
One’s a Goodyear. The other’s a great year.
Black paint.
Princess Diana can't stop either
12.
There's 20 of them.
Indian Railways
Wonder how the hell a car got into the kitchen
I don't know. When I turn on the light they're all gone.
You don't call him anything, we both know that he's not coming
Well he is back in town and wants you to give him a call.
Do you know how hard it would be to orchestrate a national erection
Coming unscrewed
You didn't hold down the pillow for long enough.
Telling your parents you're gay.
With a magic 8-ball
We're on a roll now!!!
Lickalotapus
Everybody's DNA is the same and there are no dental records.
It was rated PG-13.
A vegetarian.
In a riverbank :D
He was studying for a blood test
They found her head and shoulders in the glove box.
Because he was jah bless
A tea bag stays longer in a cup.
He said "Hey Hey Hugh Hugh Get Off Of McCould"
Deer Balls. They're under a buck.
You get Talibanned
A private tutor.
I actually care when my computer crashes.
Because if they fell forwards they'd still be in the boat. 
...because he was using too much fowl language
"I have left my Mark on Mars"
Because every one that can run, jump or swim has already crossed the border.
A teabag stays in the cup longer! (im so sorry ;-;)
Because they can't even. 
....gotcha bitch!
.docx
Find the fresh prints
Egypt.
Rectal thermometer tastes like shit
Rolaids 
A Jewish Fuck Bag.
A GHETTOrade
apparently it was quite brief.
A snailor. 
You add a bed, subtract the clothes, divide the legs, and pray there's no multiplying.
Only if he's a billionaire. Credits to Kevin Hart 
It boyclotts it
Quid each.
She can't find the eleven.
He will be Donald Duck
A: because she ran
Whas-a-matta U.
Faaps. ..someone had to.
Maine
"There goes my hero"
They can find millions of virgins just by going on Reddit.
They don't, they beat the room for being black.
A: Virgin Mobile
Ask them to pronounce it.
a paragraph, because he's too short to be an essay.
He was trying to get her pedicure. 
a stick
1100011010000010001000100101011101111100001011101001101000110011010110100000000110001001101011000001
Because they speak in tongs. I'll show myself the door😔
Cuz he likes Dicks.
Quatro cinco.
A pilot, you racist motherfucker.
You're going to have to ci-tris one out.
A potential Tinder date.
Mount Restmore.
Dumbledore, because Gandalf already said, "You shall not pass! "
Possession 
Because they don't have a leg to stand on. Note: I'm a right leg amputee and I made this up myself.
Mr. Bus
The headline was "Small medium at large".
A teabag stays in the cup longer...
A father walked up to him and said, "get out of my sun!"
Because the sign says no trespassing.
Massage a knee.
The first one sounds like "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah SPLASH " The second like "SPLASH Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah"
Crust

Cock. It is basic math. cockasian - asian = cock
||Islam|| ||Christianity|| sin  
Because when helium invited sodium and potassium to the mall, potassium said   but all sodium could say was  . 
It'll take me about 20 minutes to get hard, I just got laid by some chick. 
Because he always gets his martini shaken, not stirred.
He couldn't grow a pear
How would I know, I`m just a US Air Force Operator.
Being rescued by the Americans
The sex is the same but the dishes keep piling up.
Snowballs. 
Because it was stapled to the Chicken.
A coal mining company puts miners in shafts not the other way around.......
Sure, what's your phone number?

None, Even Feminist have standarts
They tickle the goat under the chin.
They are both loud as fuck when they come, they take the house when they leave.
When she starts her sentence with, "A man once told me..." 
Why do people throw coins into fountains? I don't know, doesn't make any cents.
They go to Home Depot, get paint and rollers  Sometimes they hire private contractors  Lots of paint and tarps and tape, it's not that fun
An oncallogist. 
"Tanks for the memories"!
He forgot his Loggins
It goes back 4 seconds.
Disney movies can still touch children.
Sorry, couldn't conceive one.
A Militia Etheridge
Oral sex makes your day, anal sex makes your hole weak.
No?, and you won't either.
It gets jalapeno business!
"If you build it they will come."
Consuelo.
Four skin divers
I don't know, I just fly drones.
A peeping Tom snatches watch's
The best bang for your buck.
They give tanks.
Because it's mom was in a real jam.
Third time's the charm
QWERTYUI
Because the priest said "Bear, atone" and the bear thought he said "baritone" as in "play the baritone sax now". The bear immediately started wailing away on the sax, rocking back and forth so hard he knocked over all the prayer candles and almost snapped his own spine. All the priest could do was ask the lord for the strength needed to get this bear into heaven.
You can't milk a cow for 2,000 years.
To avoid being mistaken for feminists.

A sunken chest with no booty.
He was glad he ate her. 
A frog in a blender.
They were making the PC screens unusable.
They both suck, but the vacuum has a handle on it.
Be right there as soon as I take care of a cock or two.
It's for old married couples where the guy needs to get churched up before going into a haunted house.
He wants a new bathroom door, but his girlfriend's dead against it
Antiaccident
So they don't have hairballs!
Moo many...

He was sofa king comfortable.
Clown poo!
I don't know, ask your mum.
With a pair of Caesars.
i was in my maths class today and we was learning about algebra and i said ' what is the point of this?' the teacher said 'so you can get a job' 'but its not like we need to solve equations to make games' anyway, i was looking for a job and i found this ad for a cleaner at a pet shop, so i decided to apply and they accepted it. my first job was to clean out a snakes cage and the manager said' right, the snake is 25cm long and the cage is 30cm,10cm by 20cm. clean the cage with only this spray that holds 50ml of water' and im like 'fuck this shit, im out'
Being a first-person shooter
So, I thought of this this morning. I apologize if this has been done already.  A coworker of mine said his son is a huge Japanophile. I responded with "It's a good thing his hobby isn't walking or he'd be a pedophile."
I'm not saying I did it I'm just wondering if I should stop
Throw in your washing.
Or non vegan inmate* Depends on whether you want to eat meat or toss salad.
Because the audience gave him the clap
Michael Phelps can finish a race.
They both got six months.
Jesus. 
A Black Santa Claus!!!
Pilot season
Hollow-ween
I don't know but I hear it's an assload.
He had cold feet.
Every time your girlfriend goes to the bathroom you take 4 Shots.
Go for the juggler 
A dead epileptic
An Accordion. ...I'll, uh, see myself out.
Johnny puts up his hand and says, "I know what that is, my dad has two of them." The teacher says: "Johnny, your dad can't have two of these." Johnny says:  "But he does, I saw that he has a small one when he pees, he also has a big one that mom brushes her teeth with."
Suck it's dick. 
Booo Hahahaha 
To make it Fall.
It's a six s (success)
Propheteroles
I don't know, i'm just fucking around.
To avoid being mistaken for feminists. 
He moved down-under!!
I don't know, I just fly the drone
It had muscles.
It's fucking intense.
Seizure salad
A Freudian Slip.
The guy didn't pull it out fast enough!
He didn't know enough about inequalities
Helen Keller's face after she tries to use a fork.
You just have to start as a billionaire.
He went from having a Kia to Nokia.
Hide it in a science book.
Rick rolled.
vulvavictorian
To see his friend Gregory Peck.
They found her face down in Rikki Lake
....Beef stroganoff
rolled into a ball tights
Can I have fries with that please?
Are you Joaquin?
Heath Ledger.
I don't know, ask the Arabs!
Very satisfying.
Mein Kraft.
Both of them are hard to pull out of.
What do you call a man with no shins? Tony
Don't believe me? Turn it off, and see how much the pilot sweats!
One. We are efficient and don't have any humor.
High queue-ality.
What did the scientist say when he created something super BASIC? ExtraOrdinary
A library, because there are so many stories. (Did Not Make Up this Joke)
"You're projecting." (From Star Trek Voyager)
He wasn't Italian, because he carried  work tools, he wasn't Austrian, since he had some brains, he might have been Swiss, since he was outrun  by a glacier, but most probably he was a  German, because nobody else ever walks in sandals in the mountains.
You smell
He just wasn't her type.
Shelf-ish

You don't need to sharpen it.
Lolli-pop
An Uber mensche.
Boo, duh...
Kim Jong-Deux.
You rarely have to meet their dad. 
Because his uncles are aunts. 
To rub peanut butter on your dick and then run through a kindergarten. 
mini-soda.
Because they know how to shut the House down.
Sexy children 
I said play pope music not pop music. 
With little Nazis

Because he was a stupid twat who should have never become president. 
A Doge charger
A herbi-whore 
Stpehen hawking after a house fire. 
John Cenile
Rock 'n' Roll
1forest1
Q: Why are the dinosaurs extinct? A: because they're dead.
denim denim denim ( say to tune of Mario song )
A Mellow Yellow
The anorexic would not eat Chinese. 
I said I'm an orphan.
Ewe, no.
010100110110010101111000011110010010000001110100 01101001011011010110010100111111 I am a robot trying to pickup another well manufactured robot. Please offer me your assistance.
When he's a hillbilly.
So he'll finally have the chance to get a bloody nose.
In tennis, love means nothing.
An anchovy's cunt
Girls, like, have a much better, like, grasp of, like, similes.
...Lean Beef.
Comet! =D
Because they don't like each other.
Remember when the worst thing about Volkswagen was that they made cars for Hitler?
Beef jerky 
How many trumps could donald trump trump if donald trump could trump trumps?
None......he "fell"
They both need to be changed after a while for the same reason
Udderly pointless
Because he doesn't want to be nailed to the boards.
Not being retarded 
because its the first date
Because they can't even!
If not, do you wanna go camping?
Ayy, you think it be "r" but it really be the "c". 
"Good artists copy, great artists steal."
One is a Cunning array of Stunts...
Snowballs.
Jetfuel.
Ash
Pizzas dont scream when you put them in the oven...
My ass
An object oriented programming language.
Because he was trying to swallow the sea men...
Because they both drove Edgar Allen Poe straight into the grave.
A bird can fly but a fly can't bird. 
Both are laid by Mexicans.
A stick! :-D
JOHN CENA
The New York Jets.
Free-to-pray, pray-to-win.
Back Slash!
Mow-town.
M'lay.
A Basson.
I don't know. I just build the fence.
A llahu akbar
A police horse has an extra asshole on top.
What's worse than that? - When the baby eats it's way out. What's worse than that? - when the baby comes back for seconds
Eclipse it
Natalie Wood
Because it was an ill-eagle.
they can't even
They both wiggle when I eat them!
You wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on your face.
A stroke of genius!
It was just going through one of its phases.
Because he was outstanding in his field.
A good start
Its called the eyephone.
Danny DeVito
Don't Stop Bereavin'
It goes chew chew
Try some sparkly earrings.
it's called "No Reservations"
Because he was a fungi
Nice belt. :)
Britney Spears
There amazed how there are only 7 planets left after i destroyed URANUS.

They are both meat substitutes. 
Neither has he.
Kind Ling
Wataaaaah!
They both cum in quarts
Because you are happy.
It was right by 'your anus'.
Grandpa: Oh you know with my hands mostly.
Decaffeinated coffee
They both Quackle!
A golfer goes   "damn" and a skydiver goes "damn"  .
They have Hogwarts

I don't think she auditioned for the movie, or was even considered for it.  And she was busy with "Sex and the City" anyway.
Pump kin
Algae-bra!
The British Parliament
Ground beef
Because when he turns his girlfriend on he has to turn her off again three times. 
You get someone who stays up all night torturing himself mentally over the question of whether or not there's a dog.
Because people are dying to get in
[removed]
He got the sack..
Because Dey-go-bah.
One is a whiny toddler, and the other is a tiny waddler!            
Because they're always partial. I'm so sorry.
This is in my opinion the best joke I've ever come up with my self. My best friend since grade school's name is Sandy Johnson. (He's a guy, his mother didn't like him very much.) Anyway, here is the joke: What do you get when you have sex on the beach? Sandy Johnson
To get to the bar.  Why the bar?  To get to the toilet.  Why the toilet?  Because that's where all the cocks hang out.
Sharkasm.
He decided to call it, "  Entertainment!"
Its a Place where Boy posts a JOKE and Gets no Response & If a Girl Posts the same JOKE , She gets Hundreds of likes , comments and Friend Requests and Lots of PM's .
Stick her fingers up your butt.
You can look at both for a second, but if want to stare you need to wear sunglasses.
Infidel-ity.
I can't jelly my dick in your ass.
Blow-up dolls.
Fabric softener. 
What’s the similarity between Income Tax and a Caller Tune? . .. … In both the cases, one pays the money and others enjoy.
1Forrest1 ...yeah we all saw that one coming.
I don't know says the alter boy, what is the difference between a penis and a banana? Doesn't matter, says the priest, Would you like to come on a picnic?
Ate Something! ("8 something", actually 8.306)
Because he wanted to make a difference.  My first original,  time for open mic!
A gang rape
He felt his presents.
"Don't forget to eat your gays and invalids."
He only has little legs.
Red Paint
People in Dubai don't like the Flintstones but people in Abu Dhabi doooooo.
Turn toward your side!
Pillow fight.
A striped tease dolphin. 
Priest: No, not if you don't know Eskimo: Then why did you tell me?
His rotten girlfriend split on him.
The woman.
-1
He thinks one step ahead
What do you call a Syrian refugee on the Mediterranean? Bob What does a Syrian refugee call their pet? Dinner What's grosser than gross? Two Syrian refugees fighting over a tampon.
A tuber Got any more? A boat or bus or an uber with a stripper in it could be a buber. If your driver is Jewish its a Jewber. If your driver is anonymous its a Whober. Oh and if you get an uber in the movie die hard, youre getting a Gruber
ME: I think's it's when you have an opinion on something and once presented with new facts you are open to changing your opinion.  Friend: Definitely, old people are not at all known for being set in their ways. Bystander ( Young Fat Asian Man): Old doesn't equal maturity.  Bystander #3 ( Some kid ): Does in pornos. Bystander #2( Some old guy...): "Age is wisdom," said the old fool.
It comes in your jeans.
Klu Klux Klam
Their Injun died on them! 
Because Washington still holding the axe
Boil the hell out of it!
A LockSith. 
Amazon.
Because he was cohabiting.
He kept himself up at night wondering if there really is a dog. 
Anti amine's
A speed weeder. 
The pizza doesn't scream in the oven Sorry 
He's still there.
Me neither, just saw the trailer.
Smack an Ethiopian in the face with a frying pan.
because we can humpback at my place. ;)
Because they'll constantly shift the goal posts.
Hyphae
When you drop a load in, it doesn't follow you around for 6 months trying to get spun.  8) 
Canoes tip
Natural Causes
A penguin dating Chris Brown.
Afgan I pee... Stan he fer me a minute. 

A. Lesbi-hens
Because it sounds a lot better than "cunt-scrape".
With the level of crime and political violence, they will feel right at home. 
Have you ever seen a straight rainbow?
That's apartheid like to play.
They each got 4 months.
He left his foot on the clutch.
Because they don't believe in the KKK
SIM Card-ashian! (it might help if you say it out loud)
A nuke won't kill a cockroach
Denim denim denim.
My mum is going through Labour and my dad says: "Could Ukip already?"
The mile long club.
It got stares.
Whoops, wrong sub
You Planet!
a quitter.
The knife has a point
Contraception.
They work it out with a pencil!
Because once you go to sleep, you can't trust either of them to not sneak out.
Honestly Im not sure, they havent got back to me yet. It's been 3 weeks.
The pussy is on the inside.
Depends on how many people are standing in it. 
Attire Edit: I wasn't aware this was posted on   recently, I didn't care to research either.. Deal With It!
A pilot, you racist fuck
In denile
Chrome.
Its called Hebrew.
Because they make up everything.
1.
They're fucking assholes.
They were really obsessed with forms.
I dont know and I dont care
Well, the mess is the same but the annoying jabbering stops.
To the 3 girls:  Ho ho ho, merry Christmas! To the 1 girl:  Ho ho ho, ho (whore) merry Christmas!
That was dill!
Clint Southwood
Take your time, there's no Rush...
A baby.
One means you're taking a load off and shooting the shit, the other is taking a shit and shooting a load off.
Because 7 8 9!
You give her a test-tickle. 
But then, I guess we know he's into that Fiat luxe.
Because seven is a registered six offender. 
There wasn't enough womb for the two of them!
High koala tea
Pubic transportation
Mass Transit!
Sweet pee.
he thought he was going to Arrrland.
2 Tightends & a Wide Reciever
Algaebra...
Only one; But it takes a WHOLE E.R. room to extract it afterwards. Double joke! "whole... hole." it's a play on words ;)
A stunk. My daughter made this up when she was about 7 years old. I thought it was incredible clever.
Okay, but it's not really kid friendly.
The inside.
A: The food tastes funny.
Nion
How'd you get their little legs apart?
dick van dyke 
One of them is actually wanted!
I wouldn't pay $60 to have a garbanzo bean on my face!
A sunken chest with no booty.
Rich AND famous, apparently
You can hide your own Easter eggs.
Burr-burr
It was capsaicin. 
Whatever you want
He had reptile dysfunction. 
Well, one's a kinky stunt...
Cause it's the balm baby!
I guess he got his fasts mixed up.
None.
In Heaven, the cops are British, the engineers are German, the lovers are French, the cooks are Italian and the whole thing is managed by the Swiss In Hell, the cops are German, the engineers are French, the lovers are Swiss, the cooks are British and the whole thing is managed by the Italians
A box hedge fund!
Because he had a brother named Enos.
A STOOL Pigeon
Because it's the PHENYL CHAPTER :D I came up with this myself. I'm so proud.
Because he wears an eyepatch and has poor depth perception.
Because his mommy was a sneaker and his daddy was a loafer with only a penny to his name!
Au, yeah!
Obi Juan by Juan Kenobi
BRIANS.
on a cactus, the pricks are on the outside
Because he was outstanding in his field. Annnnd you all have cancer now.
Oxymoron.
Homeless.
Because they eat out every night.
Finding half of a roach in your food.
I can't jelly my cock down your throat ;)
She's the one with dirty knees.
ADMIRAL ACKBAR!
Monthford and Son
7 Up in Cider
Their balls would fall out.
Good morning officer .
Aryan Air
Donald Trump 's tie
A week.
Bacon bits I came up with this joke 15 years ago when I was a dumbass teen.. maybe in poor taste with everything going on but thought I'd share.
The cloths hanger only solves one problem.
Because they are humerus
You put it in a freezer!
A: Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
It's almost 3 years old
Over easy! 
denim denim denim
No one pays to have a garbanzo bean on their face.
I don't wanna be Obama self
you cantaloupe.  i just thought of this. probably not the first person to, but i certainly didn't steal it. 
He was always spiking the ball.
An asylum seeker. 
Nothing
"Radical"
You just walk into it
It depends on how hard you throw them.
shallot 
You remove an electron from a Seal!
ayy ayy cap'n
Tourist trying to get chummy with a shepherd: You've got a nice flock of sheep here...how much wool you get from each? Shepherd: From which one...black ones or white ones? T: Black? S: 3 kgs. T: What about white ones? S: 3 kgs. Tourist: Ok? How much milk do they give? S: Which ones? Black or white? T: Black S: 3 lts T: And what about white? S: They also give 3 lts T: haha...very funny... S: Is that? T: Well...how much meat would I get from one of them? S: From black or white? T (a li'l cautiously): Okay?...White? S: 30 kgs T: And black? S: Also 30 kgs T (now a li'l offended): Well you are a smartass, aren't you? I was going to purchase one from you for meat...but since obviously you're trying to mess with me...you lose the deal buddy! S: Oh no, no...it's not like that...You see I have to answer for them separately because the black ones are my father's! T: And the white ones? S: They're my father's too!
That's where we keep them chained up. 
Senpie.
Seems like it's a big 6S
Reality. I'll show myself out now...
She saw his Onix harden.
Jews.
she posts her nudes in bbw subreddits.
Of course not. They haven't made a gig yet.
Cos it's tear-able.
A crack whore.
He went with a poof!
1080p
It's picked-out daily south of the border.
Growing up they hear the best jokes.
When the big hand touches the little hand.
fish are cool
Because he's married.
It was stuck to the chickens foot. 
The Fast and the Furious.
The Next Episode
The pilot.
I plow both.
Shoot lions.
The live ones wouldn't hold still. 
Parfour Sorry
Because he doesn't  want to be spotted.
The populations always Dublin'. :D 
It's an aunt- -him.
Graiins!
Drink this first.
NeIn.
Awarewolf
It runs in your jeans!
Snowballs
They both spew toxic hot air disguised as being good for Americans.
It tocked too much
Being struck by an iMac.
Batman's father
Jewpiter
They crucified the carpenter.
Hamlet.
One is fun to hit with a sledgehammer, the other one is a watermelon.
Sorry for a post that's not a joke but I'm interested. Here's one from where I am. These two ducks are flying over Ballymena. The first one says, "quack quack" and the second one says, "slow down! I'm coming as quack as I cyan."
Because they'll never be perfect.
A six-legged, honey-lovin', web-spinnin' 
A heart.
They have bear feet
One yanks for the roots, the other roots for the Yanks.
It's both funny and not funny at the same time, but there is no way of knowing if anyone else will laugh at it until you've told it.
Goosebumps
repost
Christopher Walken
Currently running crit reave block build  (utilizing abyssus and legacy lightning  coil). I'm still using a binos and hitting lvl 80 maps.  Ide like to upgrade, but at what pdps does a dagger actually beat a binos or is worth the huge  loss of survivability.
My favorite is: "There's a maniac living in our neighborhood. He goes house-to-house leaving severed body parts on the doorstep. He gives me the willies."
when pigs fly
You boil the Hell out of it.  My 12-year-old daughter claims to have invented this joke this weekend. I don't know if it's original or not.
Remove the vowels in his rack.
Of course. You reddit
A paragraph... Because he's not a full essay
The Back Hand
A hippo is very large and heavy, and a zippo is just a little lighter. 
Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't at least 30% off.
9/11.
Blow square breaths.
It's the space between girlfriend and girl friend.
In Tralfamadoloreans.
Nothing. You already told her twice.
1 cup of milk 2 scoops of dead baby.
When you finish your face looks like a glazed doughnut.
Because...bros before hose!
He does crossfit.
The dishes, if she knows what's good for her!
Because they're for boating.
An anti-hissy-tamine.
Because they got homo e-rekt-us.
Spring water
Because he can't tell the time.
Juan vs. Juan
he was on a watch list...
Hose A and Hose B
A joke
$18.124 trillion
Cheque, mate!
If you need me, I'll be in my Lab.
Yes.
Everyone thinks it's 'R', but his first love be the 'C'.
Because it reminded him that time was moving forward. 
"Hey, would you like to get astro physical with my dark matter?" Edit: I hope Neil sees this. That's my dream. I love everything he has done for the science community.
They both have at least zero legs.
Allaht
One, but when he unscrews the bulb, the lights go out and your xbox is gone.
Hummuside
A bloody big moth!
Because he kneaded a poo.
One of its legs are both the same
Wiz Khalifa's tapeworm. 
None because you would have two balls in your eyes.
Aw shucks!
At some point both of them have said to themselves "This sack is going to make my career."
Because they think that thing on his head (his hair) is an animal and they want to eat it.
The HYAT
With a crowbar. 
Holding the pig together.
Hindu Kush
Times New Ramen
And why did he draw so many pictures of my parents fighting?
A tire.
Because Windows 8 9.
One to screw in the lightbulb, stock four carts of supplies, and handle seventeen simultaneous customers at any one time for five consecutive hours.
A pioneer
Pananananana ni ni (to the tune of Welcome to the Jungle) And that's a thatinternetexporer original
Because they work.
Michael Fitzpatrick...and Patrick Fitzmichael   
her son's dick tastes like shit.
Velrow
They both have four legs. (assuming the amputee is missing a different appendage)

Give them a push.
What flavor au jus?
A Bi bipolar polar bear!
The headmaster.
He fell off the palm tree
Flambuoyancy
Dolphout
His stupid little legs. 
you clean your d*ck with the curtains
These days they're both hard to come by.
He was in a lot of pane. 
They will ruin the suspension.
Hide his food stamps under his work boots.
Because they are missing two towers.
She waits until midnight and plugs it back in. Disclaimer: I know it's terrible, I was very young when I came up with it.
2,50
nacho cheese!!
One is pale, bitter and starts off with lots of head and the other one is a beer.
Two scoops of ice-cream and one scoop of dead baby.
A Wookie mistake!
They have RAMallah.
A defetus
Dad: Drugs, usually.
They're both long tubes with an asshole at each end
He made a grave mistake.
The Jews. The Jews who? Don't question us, that's anti semitic.
\3. Prophet.
The Cysteine Chapel
"Mad Cow Disease" was already taken.
A prison
A cannibal
Because the 'p' is silent
Caesar
Because they do their essays.
A visit from the university board of ethics.
Not pushing my clutch pedal down far enough
It was too Chicken.
Well, this morning I had a hard boiled egg.  
Ping Pong
They both have Transparents. 
Most people like the idea of pizza better.
Because it's grounded.
For better grip on the broom
CABRACADABRA!
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "why the long face?" The horse stands there, staring blankly at the bartender. Everyone starts to feel a little awkward. The horse's handler comes in and leads it out, but not before it's knocked over a couple of glasses and soiled itself. Needless to say, the bar is closed for the rest of the day. Jesus walks up to the bar, but it's closed for hygiene reasons and he goes next door to a hotel. He hands the receptionist a couple of nails and says "Can you put me up for the night?" The receptionist takes a moment to understand, not speaking Aramaic, but is able to explain in mime that nails are not legal tender. After Jesus leaves disgruntledly, a duck that has been kind of harrassing the receptionist for the last few days by asking for grapes waddles in. The duck asks if the receptionist has any nails, and the receptionist finally snaps. Deciding to walk out on the most ludicrous workday of his life, receptionist goes to the bar, and is infuriated to find it closed. He jimmies open a window, not caring who sees. But two old friends across the street, a priest and a rabbi, DO see. They decide they should do something to calm this agitated man down, and follow him into the bar. The bartender, having spent all day cleaning up after the horse, sees the receptionist, the priest and the rabbi come into the bar, and stops scrubbing shit long enough to ask "Is this some kind of a joke?"
It was the pot calling the cattle back.
Your sex life.
Holy shit.
Because his arguments   against scrutiny.
Kareem of Wheat.
Just China be funny.
By using his Magic Johnson.
He caused mass confusion.
Repossessed. (Credit to my great-grandmother.)
A mosquito will stop sucking when you smack it. *Heard this from my hubby last night.
2 Source: My discrete professor
Little Caesars. 
He forgot Tupac his lunch!
They're both usually busy doing one of the following: sucking, squeezing, banging, blowing. 
A paradox 
Boy:   Hello? I need your help! 911: Alright, What is it? Boy: Two girls are fighting over me! 911: So what's your emergency? Boy: The ugly one is winning.
"Ohio Satan!"
Their phones would get wet.
Lord of the Rings.
Time to get a new principal.
Only one, but the light bulb has to   to change.
Because it was the end of all your periods.
A pat on the head.
Not sure who he would have, but I Noah guy.
...there's already something called Mad Cow Disease.
A paragraph...  He isn't a full essay
He had a real bad time...
Cut off one leg and drag it across Canada.  

They pulled it over.
If you are wise, you won't listen to him.

"(1 x 1 = 2) + 2 = 5"
Only one...but the light bulb has to WANT to change.
Tastes great...less filling....TASTES GREAT!!! LESS FILLING!!!
A mode of transportation. :D
A paragraph, because he is not a full essay!!!
A paragraph... Because he's not a full essay
Just two, but how they get in there.. I don't know. (Stolen from an old Maxim in my dad's storage)
I don't know man, maybe check Comedy Central?
I'm having trouble getting it off the ground.
Allahu Clockbar!
Lutin.
For the food to be deported.
They were all dead.
♪  ♪
He wanted to see time fly
Sources say that the teachers were alarmed.
He was too concerned with the tan gent.
He had to be rushed to the Mayo Clinic. 
"Stop cracking your NaCles."
It's blowing up
PHISH
He was asking for directions for the "k-k-k-mart."
Allah Garden.
Short for words.
Where's the bloody point?
Cornhub.com
Very hungry.
He retired.
OP didn't deliver.
Sherlock-Holmes
When I was young I didn't like going to weddings. My grandmother would tell me, "You're next" However, she stopped doing that after I started saying the same thing to her at funerals. 
When you dads dick tastes like blood. 
The twin towers didn't autumn
Give her $300 and ask for the $299 discount.
reddit
I don't know and I don't care.
he had his dick stuck in a chicken
Any best joke
They are both full of crap.
Juan down, a million more to go.
He was winging it.
Lmayo!
He had to go straight.
im farting carrots, im farting carrots...
GOTTA CATCH JAMAL
I heard it was a real hit with the ladies.
Sneak up behind it and yell BOO BEE!
Two chaise...
A tahini bit!
A: I can't peanut butter my dick up your ass. (I'm sorry, this joke was mentioned on How I Met Your Mother and I can't stop laughing since)
What do we want? Race Car Noises! When do we want them? Neeeeeoooooooowwwww!
You can only ran because it's past tents.
All the ones I know are cornea.
ant-ticks
Gingervitis Edit: redheads. I am a disgrace.
Because they shared genes!
A perforated colon.
One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter.
A Catholic will say hello to you in a liquor store. 
Beats me I just fly the drone!
Hebrew
Well this morning I had a PopTart, 2 eggs and a glass of orange juice.
Usain Bolt can finish a race. 
Because It was eggshausted
Sorry not sorry
The Lionfish.
You're ribbeting!
They were Snowden.
Someone who lays awake at night wondering if there is a dog.
The New York Jets ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
Leia Princess!
Disabled.
I think it's two cocky.
Assprin.
Because Atomic Bombs are pretty bright...
prokaryoats
Camembert
King Kong Un  (From my younger brother).
The frog goes "Ribbit ribbit" and the horny toad goes "rub it rub it."
Because he wanted to transcend dental medication.
He installs a parking meter on the roof
An actress.
He got a little behind in his deliveries.
He loves to go to Bankok.
He tripped on acid

He just loved drinking PBr
Virgin Mobile
It only takes one nail to hang the picture.
Anyone can roast beef.

There is lotion and used tissues laying around 
He had the axe, but he could only grow Apache beard.

Teacher: Did you finish you homework? Kid: Did you finish grading my test? Teacher: I have other children's tests to grade Kid: I have other teachers homework to do
I Fucked his uncle too hard!!!!!!!!
Bing fwong dong 9/11
Nothing, they were both stuck up cunts!
Because they are surrounded by drafts!
It's not out yet.
A fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
... Because they are full of Arab semen.
Independence Day
Manet.
It wanted to get to Hungary.
Denim denim denim
Because they don't believe in higher powers
Because they always double Czech their work!
He changed his name to JLU 635.
Fiscal therapy
The French needed it.
Stroganoff
A Brave Sucker Best friends dad coughed this one up to his son-in-law that was native american.
Because their knee grows
To make up for a lousy summer!
*that
Carpaltunnel
I need to do a vowel movement!
Because it's a sentient being with its own thoughts and desires
You give him aids
Everything, dumbass
"oops, forgot the KY"
GayLick
With their iBone.
It hasn't come out yet. 
It doesn't matter, they all turn them the the wrong way.
Because it made her wait seven minutes before posting something. 
Lettuce pray. 
Baked Yazidi............ I know where I'm going after this life :(
Because it was charged with battery.
They were boldly going where no man has gone before
It was Nervous
A brain sturgeon.
Because I put on the wrong sock this morning.
When you swerve to miss a tree and realize it was your air freshener
well.he.isn't 
Because he ate pizza before it was cool.
A snooker table
Rub some peanut butter on her gums.
A balloon.
I don't know why they even bother putting them in.
Santa. /cringe
Chocolate Ice Cream in July!
A Cantaloupe.
time passes
because he is a Norsissist.
He kneaded a poo.

... Take their little stones and brooms away!
Because they like to fool around with Chicsas before they marry.   (A shiksa is a gentile woman)
Neither, they eat out. 
The New York Jets.
I hope you like octopus. 
Because he drank his coffee before it was cool.
My son made this up and told it to me today. Look mom it's the "gay moon".  Why are you calling the sun "gay moon"? Because it is FLAAAAMINGGG!
8 a bit music.  
"I can't feel my face when i'm with you"
Because he was too far out mannnn.
Because air is free.
He worked it out with a pencil.
Because it's easier to follow the path of leased resistance.
Your mom can't take a joke.
Because they will be at your funeral in spirit
Roger Daltrey.
Because most of them who can run, jump or swim are already in the United States.
12' noon in the cotton fields.
He 'incested'.
pirategay
The chicken of course, an egg cannot cum! Made this up in my sleep sorry if offends any egg lovers..
A was. 
He fingered a minor
Ten tickles
Big Voss.
An extroverted physicist looks at   shoes when they're talking to you.
In the mainstream.
Americans cant milk a cow for 14 years.
Because he ate his carrion.
gingerly.
Luke warm
YOU SAID YOU'D NEVER FORGET!!!!
I don't think Bush did a cow...
Because they ordered pepperoni pizza, and they only got plane.
I give a fuck when my computer crashes.
a canoe tips.
Pizza. Someone ordered two large planes.
getting your reddit jokes downvoted 14 years later because everyone is a crybaby cunt
Cause they're knee grows!!
69 
9/11.
Arrested for procurement of a minor. Trust me on this one.
The clam before the storm!
Maully. 
19 you fucking dumbass
Bolt can finish a race.
*Plans.
My phone number, call me please!
She was fucking Goofy
Because they can only count to 3.
Because there is a mile separating the two s'es. 
Mount and do
Student- I've already asked this question to my mum, her 5 brothers and 7 sisters !!
more geese
Americans can't milk the cow for 14 years. 
because they are bad at defending towers  ✈️✈️ 🏢 🏢
9/11 victims. They went through 100 stories in 10 seconds.
Nazis.
"Babe: The Final Chapter"
More than ten because my basement is still dark.
A cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth.
A Rod
a condescending condescending
Rice
Neither have I
Tied up the safe and blew the guard.
A community centre
An arm and a leg.
It was the wurst!
A canoe tips.
They can't bite because all that honey rotted their teeth. (From my 7 year old niece)
He breaks his nose.
With Little Caesars.
Start a conversation with them and wait a few minutes. They'll tell you. Repeatedly. 
Dr Dre EDIT: I've just seen that there's currently an askreddit thread running about people's favourite jokes and this is one of the top rated comments, hand to God I didn't see that before posting. I heard this joke many years ago and every few months I remember it and laugh for days. Today was one of those days, so I thought I'd share.
Boy Scouts come home from camp. 
Rolaids
"I can't feel my face when i'm with you"
Free Bacon!
A Deadbeat.
Poppadom.
Crash of the Titans
Cause they can't protect their towers.
A Boston Logger.
Taken, not stirred.
Whoreganic
Because not many of them know how to dance.
Barbie-Q
He was too far out man.
The Dark Knight Rises.
What's for dinner Dad? Is it any good?
This is not a drill.
 you'd think that but it's actually P, because with out it they'd just be irate.
Just one.  He holds up the light bulb,  and the world revolves around him
Artificial celery
A little otter
Because they kept saying "BACH BACH BACH"
You can't milk a cow for 14 years straight.
Well, you can sleep with a light on...
Because it was two tired!
The defendant.
Make it run across Canada
12. One to screw it in, one to excoriate men for creating the need for illumination, one to blame men for inventing such a faulty means of illumination, one to suggest the whole "screwing" bit to be too "rape-like", one to deconstruct the lightbulb itself as being phallic, one to blame men for not changing the bulb, one to blame men for trying to change the bulb instead of letting a woman do it, one to blame men for creating a society that discourages women from changing light bulbs, one to blame men for creating a society where women change too many light bulbs, one to advocate that lightbulb changers should have wage parity with electricians, one to alert the media that women are now "out-lightbulbing" men, and one to just sit there taking pictures for her blog for photo-evidence that men are unnecessary.
Ciabatta very good!
Because they love those new boots!
Go the other guey.
Because she couldn't stand him.
Everything is cool there already.
'Elephino.
A paragraph, because he's not a full ese.
Because he lost interest.
I didn't cum in the pie before I ate it.
The Head Nurse.
I can't jelly my cock in your ass. 
A meating!
A Whale Way
Amfetamines 
A Czech Republic
No? Probably a good thing, it's pretty tasteless.
Imp-Patient!
You need to get ahead of lettuce
He was looking for a webpage!
He was just doing his doody! (Don't yell at me, I got it from a 7 year old)
Do you want to be black, or white?
Because it was two tyred..
Purple Rain 
Break his neck by slamming down the toilet seat, while he is drinking.
"Take your finger out of your ear and listen to me!" I saw this in a Highlights magazine when I was a kid.
Because it has software, hardware, but no underwear!
Muammar Gedoffame!
Ex-pair-a-mints.
A kaleidoscope!
A KitKat.
'hey babe, I've got a large pipe bomb and I never pre-maturely detonate."
Chicken Statutory....I'm going, I'm going...sorry but this is how my brain works before I've had coffee.
Because they got sin and cos to give them a tan
C4.
A dislocated hipster.
It's the scenter.
All of them.

Judge:why did u shoot your wife instead of shootingher lover? Sardar:Your honour, it's easier to shoot a woman once, than shooting one man every week.
"I Juan to break free" 
Greece.
Stick
Canabananalism
They were pitted against each other
Homiecide.... I'll
(Come on, it's a dead giveaway!)
Because it's probably your bike.  Why would you throw a rock at a black man riding a bike?  Because it's probably your black man.
Antiquing.
No, but you will have a longer shelf life.
A co-pirate
Because they're half-assed!
It smells like teen spirit.
never mind, it's too cheesy.  -__-
A small medium at large.
Emergen-cheese. :3
A roamin' Catholic.
The dad who put gasoline in his daughter's sippy cup? Doctor's say she's going to be fine. She just had a little gas.
A croc o' shit.
They call him Little Seizures.  
to which he replied
Two of his fingers are clean.
The earth revolves around me.
Jerk off twice and if you still wanna jerk off, then She is.
Periodically.

if god can do anything can he do nothing?
A Guantanamo Bae Thought of this one earlier and just had to share
The firewood ain't been turned into ash yet.
He put his root beer in a square glass
You can't kill a myth.
You rub your bloody dick on their teddy bear. 
Zero. Somebody already did it.
Because it didn't happen in 7/11
Reddit servers.
I'll tell you the answer tomorrow.
Google. Google docs.
A bikkie.
Because no one will take you back 
All of them. However, it still hasn't been changed because they are each working on a more efficient bulb and thread, followed by a lot of arguing.
Only one nights sleep til Christmas!
Has this been posted before?
A new season of lost is out now!
Fart fart fart XD

Termineightor I'll show myself out...

oops wrong sub...
A chronic math debater
Because no one dared to fuck his mother...
"You may get more ass than I do, but look at all the shit you have to take".
Brush their teeth!
 are easily threaded by one person,   with one hand.  Doot.
that guy's so last week
Beat it. We're closed.
He always came on time.
Mud flaps 
Just one, but it takes a long time, and the lightbulb has to want to change...
Guerrilla warfare

Nothing... they're both stuck up bitches.
He had misunderstood the doctor when he said "I do probe Ono."
White Infidel.
They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons
"LINE IT!"
f. as in barf  because drinking can make people barf .. f could also mean fuck because drinking can make people fuck that is all
Endwarfins

People said she was making too much of a racket.
No one knows. But everyone's got an opinion.
Depends what you smoke. (Not native speaker, sorry if it doesn't make sense)
They were fried in ancient grease!
They surf the Net On Yahoo. 
Because there is zero drag.                             Edit:    Q: Why are there no drag queens in space? A: Because there is very little drag and whatever drag there is in LEO is caused by miniscule amounts of athmospheric gasses and tidal forces! HAHAHAHAHAH!                              
The telephone rang while she was ironing.
Iran
It goes back four seconds.
He worked it out with a pencil.
Dont worry , he's all right now.
A Thundeer
Because when they're not upright, they're grand! 
Paddy was planning to get married and asked his doctor how he could tell if his bride is a virgin. The doctor said, “Well, you need three things from a do it yourself shop. A can of red paint, a can of blue paint… and a shovel.” Paddy asked, “And what do I do with these, doc?” The doctor replied, “Before the wedding night, you paint one of your testicles red and the other one blue. If she says, ‘That’s the strangest pair of balls I ever saw.’, you hit her with the shovel.”
Because it had a 4-way.
When he was nein.
I've never paid to have a garbanzo bean on my chest 
Redhots, DumDums, and smarties.
A suseJ fest
The wheelchair.
You Giraffed it
An abomination.
I don't know, I couldn't hear it over the sound of my masturbating.
Syphilis
The reefercussions
The hamstring.
In the atmosphere.
That is all.  You may laugh now.
Just one, but it takes a really long time, and the lightbulb has to want to change...
A pat on the head. 
Fish muck about in fountains…
because they can't C#
BLE-YATCH!
Both have a very expensive retainer.
Have you ever tried pulling apart a grilled cheese?!
Cus it was sad.
Probably banana 
Because Santa only cums once a year and its down the chimney!
Shocked by his son's question , dad felt that he shouldn't lie to his son . Dad began ," son when a man and woman ..." After a detailed explanation dad finished. Then his son replied ,"Daddy mom said that breakfast will be ready in 60 sex ( secs ) .
Because he kneaded a poo.
creampie 
Don't touch my marbles.
Because then it'd be a foot
He goes chew chew chew... creds to my 5yo brother
Jk. 
They have the worst track record for finishing a race.
The local author says; “Jack & Jill went up the hill to fetch a pail of water, jack fell down and broke his crown and Jill came tumbling after" & REFERENCE BOOK says; “ 2 humans ascended a certain geological protuberance to collect hydride of oxygen whose quantity is not specified. One member Jack of rapid irregular disturbing movements encounter fatal logical gravitational error leading to complete disarray. Other member whose scope lies within disarray descends down the geographical protuberance at an acceleration, whose magnitude is controlled by the force of gravity.
A Fassbender
The men provide the food and the women do the cooking, leaving the children to wash up afterwards. 
An addicktion
Rest in pieces. I'll show myself out now.
Hello, I'm here to Peru-se your inventory.
Because they can't remember the lyrics
2 in the front,3 in the back,and the rest in the ash tray.

A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven.
A relation-ship.
McChicken-killer... Yeah I'm really stoned smoked a chicken killer and ate McDonald's
Because omg they can't even.
I've never had a garbanzo bean on my chest. 
One builds weapons and the other build targets. 
Because they can't even.
Because she couldn't control her pupils.
Water you talking about?
An impasta!
He pooped his pants!
You can tuna piano but you can't tuna fish.
Atilla the Hungry.
Bean dip
You go to 9gag.
Because the pilot was a loaf of bread. 
traaaiins...
I never had a garbanzo bean on my face.
A flat miner.

Fangbang
The blasphemur.
They both get ditched in the park
Tulips on your organ.
Pigmies are a cunning bunch of runts. 
One you'll see in a while, the other you'll see later. Credit to Mitch hedburg
He's a small medium at large.
They were just looking for Michelle Bachman. 
Special teams.
Fünf
3 blind mice
Cause I'm Hungarian!
Local Brazilian newspaper...   
A Naanprofit! 
Because if it had four it would be a chicken sedan. 
Ten Mennonite
You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna.
What do you call a Hispanic with a Rubber Toe? Roberto
Because none of them want to be Miss I-da-ho
Scott Waddler
In fact, I heard, in his hometown, he's also called David BaGuetta! HA
You can hear someone scooting aboot in it

The one that can carry 2 cups of coffee and a dozen donuts
Q: Why is air a lot like sex? A: Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
My ass
You pokemon
With dill-dough. Credit goes to a J. Cain
Make a seizure salad
Hey guys, I just recently found out that my friend is an idiot. I was talking with him on Facebook and I was telling him about this game that was free online, and he says "I'm on my way to see my girlfriend". I'm sorry but WHAT? well I have a fish tank. Feel free to comment down below your stories about how you realised your friend is an idiot. 
conjoined twins.
A broken nose, i will sit in the corner now.
Just one, but it takes a long time, and the lightbulb has to want to change. 
[removed]
A toaster can only burn two things at once.
A: None they have a guy for that comes on Tuesdays only uses reproductions of antique bulbs
He worked it out with a pencil.
To get a long little doggy. 
A pilot, you fuckin racist. 
Help me finish with a clean [PG rated] punch line.  More info: Basically, I'm dating and I like to say bad jokes. But if a girl finished my joke for me then I want to be able to catch her off guard and say ... "you like bad jokes..." And then land the punch line.
Wall Street
Am I Groot?  (Credit to my 7year old son)
Sitting at the back of the oven..
...A pilot you racist piece of shit.
No, seriously.  Cuz I bet it's a lot
Dick
Stand up!
Hebrews it
Limbo. They don't set the bar very high.
You have now. 
Hugh Janikabollokov
They take all the green cards
The Holocaust.
You put his welfare checks in his work boots. 
A hairbrained person.
Because his family got murdered.
Because deep down they're really good people.
Nothing, you've told her twice already
He fell on his ash.
When Greg woke up, his mom had left a note reading, "Please put a load in the washer"
Because it's a catastrophe :-) Yeah, ok, I'll be going now. EDIT: removed explanation.
The Thalidomide Arms. 
People don't split in half when you fuck them
Because Jesus saves. 
They say Jesus fed 5,000 people with two fishes and a loaf of bread. That's not a miracle. That's tapas.
the same way you would a white person.... you racist.
 and   music!
One where you've been a prick to the waiter
PEOPLE, I NEED YOU TO BE HONEST WITH YOURSELVES. WHILE LATHERING IN THE SHOWER OR IN ANY PERSONAL MOMENT, DO YOU HAVE AN URGE TO STICK YOUR FINGER IN YOUR ASSHOLE. HOW MANY OF YOU HAVE DONE SO AND FIND YOU CANNOT STOP?  THERE IS NOW HELP FOR YOU. COME TO A BUTTPLUGGERS ANONYMOUS MEETING FOR HELP WITH YOUR AFFLICTION.  REMEMBER: TAKE IT ONE FINGER AT A TIME
Fuck her!
Give them real self confidence. 
I personally think it's funny, but it is pretty fucked up.
Is it: A) Holy Loaf B) Sacred Baguette Or C) Naan of the above
Turn it upside down
to get rid of his tesserection
Short and sweet
Heelium! I'll see myself out now...
None.  They prefer to cry in the dark.
In the ground.
Her name.
It was set to come out next year but the plan was aborted
Many photons make light work.
Sorry that I screwed up  .
He was caught stroganoff
They say he really let himself go.
Cause I'm Putin deez nuts on yo face.
9/11
It isn't known, never tried.
One fucks an asshole, the other is a fuckin' asshole.
2 and I have no idea how they got in there! 
You could say... He went out in a glaze of glory  (•_•) ( •_•)>⌐■-■ (⌐■_■)
........to get to the other side
At least the one I fucked did. 
Because he only has little legs.
Jared fogle
Hey little boy, want to buy some candy?
An elephant.
Well Im not sure, but I do Noah guy.
3: One holds the light bulb, and the other two spin the Chair.
Nevermind....  It's too long.

A Lickalotopuss!
Beacuse he drank the coffee before it was Cool
Your mom xDDddd
...it's this really obscure number. You've probably never even heard of it. No big deal.
He was on the lamb.
-To render the building on the other side. Console Peasants :DD "Shame of galaxy"
M80
Because cross products don't commute!
My mother asked me that question and my father happened to overhear.  He replied, "Your wife, of course." Both my mother and I asked him why.  "Your mom can float fine on her own." TL;DR: My momma so full of air, she floats on water. 
Because there is a pot at the end of it.
Cuz dis-place-ment a lot to him.
An Instagram. 
to get to the other side.
With force-fields
Because he didn't wait for it to be cool.

Bipolar
I Hershey is in a new movie.
Come by my place later, we'll crack a cold one. 
Eye cunt bereave tits nut batter.
Yeah? Ok, let me see your driver's license. (My buddy's grandpa told me this back in high school the first time I met him.)
Unix
Because they're negros. (Hah get it? Knee grows?)
nothing, they have never met!
An account-ant.
Just kidding he did
Because everyone does that already.
soap on a dope
He drank his coffee before it was cool. 
Only the jews smell bad when you cook them in the oven. 
He was a Monday morning kinda Gueye.
Walking. ............. JK rolling!
He breaks his nose
Between the two of us we can make a lot of money.
Twerkey
ask about his routine.
Because of all the sand which is there.
One has whiskers and smells like fish. And the other is a fish.
The truth is out there.
Depends.
They both ride bicycles and go on missions
He felt really out of place.
Nobody wants to be I-da-ho.
A pilot, you racist motherfucker.
He's all right now.
When it's slightly ajar.
Because he only comes once a year. 
Delete my subscription. I just won the lottery.
Fresh prints
The taste
a pilot, you racist
You only need one nail for the frame
There's twenty of them.
Earthquakes stop shaking
She had it coming.
Pork Chop!
Haaayyyy
Cause pepper makes them sneeze.
'Ello, 'ello, 'ello!
Goodbye yellow dick road 
They fence it.
Bison.
"At least I'm not black"
At night you can only see the eyes and the grill.
2:30   (Tooth Hurty)
Mothmatics
Because it scares the fuck out of the dogs. 
He was home free from the start.
Rapeseeds.
Boil the hell out of it.
he made an ass of the first two. 
A Yankee is the same as a quickie except you're by yourself
1 Who's there? 2 Allah 1 Allah who? 2 ALLAHU ACKBAR
They can go through 94 stories in seconds! Edit: Please don't hurt me.
Boner kebab.
Because he four feet.
Beat it, we're closed.
...not 7, because it's still dark in my basement
Sexual references.
One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter
A  -digm shift.
One is a little heavier and the other is a little lighter. 
A nail gun
To the morgue.
Uncles!
Give them earth control pills heh heh heh...
They are both mentally challenged and "just felt like runnin'"
Most smokers know and acknowledge the fact that they're slowly killing themsleves.
Mrs. pacman. For 25 cents that bitch would swallow balls til she died.
You get 8 more.
She worked it out with a pencil.
I'll sue you in hell!
The Weasley twins
Molesterol
You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna!
A pilot you fukin' racist.
TRANSportation
He had no arms. Sorry that joke was stupid, let me try again. Knock Knock "Whose there?" Not Billy 
It's fucking intents. 
An Hippic fail.
"Houston, I have a problem."
Straight up.
"Are we there soon?" "Not jet."
Noeyedeer.
The  step.
When it's ajar!
A pilot, you racist!
Because you end up with a ring on your finger.
Because 8 and 9 died in a double homicide and 7 is the   suspect.  
Drought it. 
It was an udder catastrophe.
A group of 40 other suicide bombers.
Because they always diode. 
because he was outstanding in his field
Because they are micro-cheap.
Nothing; they eat out!

Tronald Dump
That he only has a 6 inch.
How many Democrats does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None! Because Republicans are women-hating racist homophobes that want to suppress your vote and Fox News sucks!
"Welcome to my field."
A hookar.
Because their horns don't work.
Old
Aunt Man
Everywhere
Irene.  (Normally start this as a two part joke with, "What do you call a woman with... Ilene." Ha... But figured everyone had already heard that).
I like to Fuck Pigs !! Lol !!
"You can have my beer if you let me go."
Fowl Ball
A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it. 
The sex is the same but the dishes start piling up in the sink.
roses hurt when your dick is between them.
 SUCK                   
Ask your mom
It doesn't matter;it's not going to come
Bn.  (B "atma" n)
They always miss the shot
KID : Why some of your hair are white dad ? DAD : Every time a son make his dad unhappy , one of his father's hair turns white .... KID : I now understand why grandpa's hairs are all white.
Alien VS Predator
Because movie makers are basically doing a number 2.
The Yankee comes to the south for a visit and quickly leaves.  The Damn Yankee comes for a visit and never leaves.  The God Damn Yankee comes for a visit, never leaves, and then goes on and on about how much nicer it was back home.
The CSS of this subreddit
Because he's alive.
To really understand acids and bases, you need a pHd.
A pedometer
Ken always came in a different box. 
Breasts don’t have eyes.
An HTC One M8.
Because seven "ate" nine.
Marm'lady
1 if you hit him just right
The ultrasound people.!! lol
None because feminists can't change anything...
He needed space.
Because they're really good at it.
There are no dental records and all the DNA is the same.
He ate a 5 year old weiner
One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter.
So nobody confuses them with feminists

Critics are calling it sensei-tional.
Me: Is your name Gooogle? Other: No, why? Me: Because you have everything i'm searching for. I guess Reddit is not into being cool, getting laid, and learning what women like using the best pickup lines based on all the down votes. Whatever... 
Remove the ring and your house is gone.
Stevie Wonder answering the iron
You don't cry when you cut up a hooker.
If we don't get some support soon, people are going to think we're nuts!
Ask him to take wok.
I had an Orange Crush.
Outlaws are wanted.
"Well I'll be a monkey's uncle!"
I'd tell it, but it'd go over your heads.... CORNY JOKES THREAD!  OP will deliver knee slappers and humdingers!
Wiped his ass.
Donor Kebab
A Casual Tee.
Milfheim
Just the tip.
How'd you get your head between it's legs??..
Airheads
Nothing, you already told her 37 times.
Get off me Holmes!
They'll always out number you!
You intersect it with a plane.
It's funny shit!
A flat minor
McConaugHAY
They have nein lives!
Riceist. 
Wanna go ride bikes?
To get to the other side!
One's a crustacean and the other a crushed Asian.
🎺
He bombed the exam.
Dad: What do you call it when you got nuts on your the wall? Brother: Wall nuts.  Dad: Okay, what do you call it when you got nuts on your chest? Brother: Chest nuts. Dad: Alright, what do you call it when you got nuts on your chin? Brother: uhhhhh.... Idk what? Dad: A DICK IN YO MOUTH!
Viet-nom-nom-nom-nom

Because 7 8 out 9.
He is a grammar Nazi.
Morpheus unhappy.
because it's stoned. 
A paragraph because he's not a full essay.
Independent
Fedora the explorer.
Voldetort.
A parroty error
It becomes a high-lighter!
They're Aussielating. 
They train them-self a lot.
Apparently he lost his ass and had no place to go.....
It never gets old.
They can be rather one-sided.
They failed on a consistent bassist.
The holocaust 
Moo money moo problems
because 7 ate 9.
Trust me.

kar-a-TEA HA
A cockadial
The files are always smaller.
He had only one pupil.
Keep the tip
Alzheimer, Grandma. 
ON WHAT AUTHORITY ARE YOU ASKING? I DO NOT CONSENT TO SEARCHES! AM I BEING DETAINED?
More guns!
They push back harder.  (Told to me by my NZ step father about Australians, of course.)
A wharfanage
He wanted to be on time.
New York Jets
A shot in the dark.
A parking lot.
Because they will steal all the green cards.
Because he Ramparts the red sea each month
feelings. T.T
Half a Romeo. I'll show myself out.
Because his arms were blown off.
gloves! nah don't know, it hasn't opened the present yet
nun
They would finally be right. 
The third grade.

Because if you run behind it you get exhausted, and if you run in front of it you get tired!
With parts unknown.
The Ottoman Empire.
ehh lmao
They all like cantaloupe.

Walk him and pitch to the rhino.
A rip off!
You died of dysentery. Sorry. 
The new softcap limits
Win-Rawr.
Mirror inspector.
ET looked better, smelled better, learned English, didn’t claim benefits, had his own fucking bike, and wanted to go home!
My daughter just announced to me she is in d-Niall :-)
Beater
They just can't come to terms with it
It's called al-gore-rhythms.
cause you make me hard
A polar bear
With a fuse-illi.
Brothers from Another Mothership.
Peking Dick
Linoleum blown apart
A napster
Telling your parents you're gay.
Their jobs get a lot easier when there are no reactions
Nothing, because he ain't coming over to you.
Just toss em banana, they will suck for it 
Heblew
French press
He joined the Que Que Que
Penny ...
Being black. 
any male bird
A Dictator
Why did Jared go to a Goat farm? He heard there was lots of Kids there.
A fart taking the elevator.
deez nut!
He kicked two 7-year-olds out of his bed.
He always burns the franks.
José
Little Caesars 
Nien.
Nothing. It was winter and she had mittens on.
Their last big hit was the wall
Once you know Juan, you know Jamal 
Took me 10 years to find it, but when I did; killed it! 
a liquor cabinet. 
A pilot, you racist!
THAT'S NOT FUNNY!
what did the boy with no arms an no legs get for Christmas? .... Cancer
A hot pizza ass! Like... like a hot... piece of... you get it.
It looks they took different directions
They both slowly remove clogs.                
Just one. But it takes five episodes.
Because Redditors aren't known for keeping a level head.
A youtuber.
So he could creep hard on uranus
Answer 1. A megalomaniac. Answer 2. An everyday low maniac.
3, and the rest are true stories.
Kung Boo
Shaft.
The Godfather
because she was a woman!
He had Schwimmer's ear.
One is very heavy, the other is a little lighter!
Tell it a yolk.
A Curtis-y flush
Instant Car-ma! I'll see myself out But seriously though that just happened to me.
where the woman hires the devil to pull the priest out of her son.
The woman... Im sorry
He got him diss barred.
An oompa loompa with a sore throat.
:D
A home-cooked shower. 
Dad can I go out dancing with my friends tonight? Sure, but not with that miniskirt you're wearing But dad why not? Cause I can see your cock, George
On a jpeg.
Dad! For the umpteenth time there are NO horny girls in this world... Unless they're lesbians.
Because his life was in shambles. 
Bark Roofalo
Menard's!
It depends on the flight delays.
Because there was no cotton in Canada.
Because they can touch A Minor
One's really heavy, and the other's a little lighter. - 
Ms. Pac-man. For 25 cents she would swallow balls until she died.
Def Leppard 
It's a habit that stuck from when they were slaves.
"Hello, ladies"
"Yes" replied mother earth.
I just want to belong
Popeye's
-- My phone is turned off.
None, they just hire a mexican to do it.
European.
Its right ear!
Reddot.com
'A' lmao
Fritos 
Juans upon a time.
"Troll in the dungeon!"
Dear Sir, We are writing to you because you have violated copyright ...
Knight time
A paragraph, because he's too short to be an Essay.
None, they just beat the room for being black.
Fission Chips.
Insert punch line below if needed 
Two Spics on a stick! Edit* Spelling  R.I.P Title I P
I'm not sure... but the flag's a big plus.
Threaten, "I'll tell your mom!"
The Mediterranean Sea.
I Fucked your Dad !! Lol !!
That's not funny. 

A mass-debate.
Still, water.
I made jokes for last years sophomore election but can not think of any for this year. Any help redditors?
A paragraph. Because he's not quite an essay.
his hobo
They told him he was good at deriving
you may think it's R, but his true love be the C!
Well, it worked with the slaves.
Took a lot of balls.
Sheep can hear a zipper a mile away...
Chez Guevara
He used to lay in bed at night worrying about why he constantly weighed a steak.
None, they just make the nepalese do it.
Black humor - 12 children in one trash can Morbid humor - 1 children in 12 trash cans Brutal humor - 12 trash cans in one children
Just two.  One to politely ask and the other to politely help.
Eventually, Marty McFly stopped going back to 1985.
Because everyone got fucked.
A guard and hoes.
Bark-o.
Arkansas
They both got 6 months.
An Iceburgh.
He did Nazi-it coming.
Christopher Walken.
A selfie stick.
Four counts of defacing a national monument.
It's a game where you get challeged to solve a puzzel. The catch is that the puzzle can't be solved and the only way to win is to solve the puzzle. Until then you'll remain mentally challenged.
6 million Jews 
Coz their eyes opened.
Because she heard that Seven eight Nine's pussy. 
S ry!
Cause it got al dente'd up!
O My GOd! I am so drunk.
Roberto!
After your done with the thighs and breasts all you have left is a greasy box to put your bone in.
Anubis (If you don't get it, say it slower.)
Audi
It takes longer to pick up when they drop it.
Isle of view
You can unscrew a light bulb...
Mom: I don't know dear, ask your father.
Thanks for the gold kind stranger!
you can't jelly your dick down someone's throat
I'm a professional before model
Abominable
A pickpocket snatches watches.
Because he was shellfish.
Incum
A Party Pooper
I cant jelly my dick in your ass
A Luncheon!
Dam.
They all look the same.
The one with the lowest mew
Because they are cheetahs.
This one's best if you say it out loud.  What's the plural of octopus?  Octopi.  What's the plural of compass?  Cumpie. 
Terminal illness
Hope you fell better tomorrow.
Athen
A bicycle for musicians.
To get to the...   side.
If yes, can I tape my dick to your forehead so you can CDs nuts?
They both start with a lot of sucking and blowing, and in the end you lose your fucking house!  thanks @Canadianmomma 
A notsee
For all we know, they would probaby never show up.
He was too far out. 
None. They live in eternal darkness.
The 100 Meter Sprint
A chewing gum.What did you think?
a pun
Mariguana
It's white and on their land.
Time to make America Grapes Again.
A paraplegic in a house fire.
'Do you want a 6 or a 12 inch one?' I heard this joke on Bill Burr's podcast.
None!

you've gotta hand it to her...
Take your girl and your dog, and lock them in the back of a car, return in 5 hours, which one do you think will be happy to see you?
¡No mames!
A pirate was kicked in the nuts and he went, "Arr! Me-nards!"
They didn't spend all that time in the closet doing nothing!
Hung
It's hard to put down!
Or are you all left?
In A minor.
Apparently he went to Jared's.
"I don't wanna be o-ba-ma self." (Not original)
"One Two Three" obviously. Because "Un Deux Trois" cat sank
A softball player
A cow with short legs.
Two bees. What's worse that two bees? Three bees. What's worse than three bees? The holocaust. What's worse than the holocaust? Four bees.
Jared doesn't care for bush
His goal: transcend dental medication
Because when they arrive they are wet and wild, and when they leave they take your house and car
Reincarnations!
Yeah, neither.
They both need to be flipped every 10 mins, but only one turns pink when its done.
He molested his sister behind his other sister's back.
African American you racist fucks
I just found a turnip version, but they do a fortune one, too.   
Mariiguana
Hey. Watermelawn. 
Because if it were called Father Nature it would be a lot more predictable.
He wanted to git a long little doggy.  
Dale Earnhardt jr.
Spirit week. 
Because he was an eye wetness.
A Headphone
That means it is a sin to go to Cos and get a tan.
Antibiotics.
In case they run out of food.
Because calves are below-knee
Fifty shades of eyy
Yeah right.
He is really anti-semantic...
In front of a busy urinal.
Arrrr, but his true love be the sea
[Deleted]
You get to meet Jared Fogel.
Because when they immigrated from Italy, customs stuck a label on their lapel reading ToN.Y.
Jah bless.
At an apathycary!
Megan slaw
You're so vein.
"Bonjour"
I don't know, sometimes radicals can be irrational.
Her name
Because fruit flies
Teenage Dream
Well hung!
Tom wants his balls illegally deflated on the field and Ben wants that off the field.
A fist taco. 
Shellfish.
A turdle.
(Mom, sad): He went to Jared.
Because there were twenty of them.
“What is orange, burgundy, yellow, blue, violet, candy-apple green, magenta, turquoise, fire-engine red, teal, and ivory . . . and tied up in my backyard?”
The guy was taking nails out of his bag and hammering them in to the frame, and the foreman was watching him. Every so often the worker would take a nail out of the bag, look at it, and throw it away. After a while the foreman comes over and asks why he is throwing away perfectly good nails. He replies, "Some of them have the head on the wrong end." The foreman takes a deep breath and says, "You idiot! Those are for the other side of the house!"
I wub you
19 Kids and Counting
White Power-ade
He went to Jared
A wok.
10. 1 to change it and 9 to say they could have done it better.
Only a Sith deals in absolutes.
Por flavor
You can't jelly your dick into your girlfriend's ass
Neeeeeeoooooowwwwwwwwwwwwww
He was a lion.
Beacause he always shoots at the black one.
He kneaded a poo
Fo drizzle
He went to Jared. 
He denied Jesus 3 times
Phony
Because he always get nailed into the boards.
Because she just gave her last blow job.
A Nguyen Nguyen situation.
You'll get hearing aids.
Spandau Ballet
He prefers his gut when it's down 45 pounds, and his junk when it's up 45 pounds.
A Subway full of live ones. 
Subway
Dough fucking.
a fsh
Apparently he prefers way less than the standard 6-inches...
Aged meat between fresh buns.  And I'm burning for that one...
He didn't want to seem phlem-bouyant.
Does it matter?
A cloth.
At the Retail Store
Yeah, because they keep   from underneath it.
To get fucked by a third party?
Tweetment!
Elephino ¯\(ツ)/¯
Black people took to the streets.  White people took it to Reddit and complained about how nobody is doing anything about it.
If there were one more it would be two-farty!
They kept trying 96 but couldn't make each other cum.
He likes to eat a little   fresh.
So he could get into smaller pants.
She comes from verminy
Because he didn't study.
Easter
.......2 Mennonite**
Because a vibrator can't mow the lawn! :D
Pizzas don’t scream when they are put in the oven!
Why are pregnant women given priority on public transport? How do we know their child won’t be an asshole? An asshole who won’t give up their seat to a pregnant woman. What an asshole that person would be. I’m not taking that risk.
How the hell should I know?! I'm not a scientist!
he ran for president
Because they take everything with a grain of salt.
So deaf people can enjoy them too.
When God created all the species he gave all consciousness and intelligence to mankind so he could distribute it amongst the animals. Mankind, however, kept it for himself. So good made mankind miserable as punishment.  When God created the donkey he gave all the dick to it so it would distribute it amongst the animals. The donkey, however, kept it for himself. God, furious about this, grabbed the donkey ears and shouted "Stop hogging all the dick, you don't need it all!". But the donkey, stubborn as always, did not listen. God got so mad that he kept pulling its ears until they where ridiculously long.  Hence the donkeys long ears, and big dick...
To suck my dick
Because he was inuit to win it
So your asshole doesn't slam shut.
2 girls 1 muff

To get to the other side! Why did the Mormon cross the aisle? To get to the other bride! Why did the surfer cross the beach? To get to the other tide! Why did the lion cross the savannah? cuz there's a FUCKING DENTIST WITH A BOW AND ARROW, RUN CECIL RUN!!
A right a right a right!
It's not funny.
Wife: "I look fat. Can you give me a compliment?"  Husband: "You have perfect eyesight."
Most of the students wrote proofs of their beliefs using Boyle's Law (gas cools when it expands and heats when it is compressed) or some variant. One student, however, wrote the following: First, we need to know how the mass of Hell is changing in time. So we need to know the rate at which souls are moving into Hell and the rate at which they are leaving. I think that we can safely assume that once a soul gets to Hell, it will not leave. Therefore, no souls are leaving. As for how many souls are entering Hell, let's look at the different religions that exist in the world today. Most of these religions state that if you are not a member of their religion, you will go to Hell. Since there is more than one of these religions and since people do not belong to more than one religion, we can project that all souls go to Hell. With birth and death rates as they are, we can expect the number of souls in Hell to increase exponentially. Now, we look at the rate of change of the volume in Hell because Boyle's Law states that in order for the temperature and pressure in Hell to stay the same, the volume of Hell has to expand proportionately as souls are added. This gives two possibilities: So which is it? If we accept the postulate given to me by Teresa during my Freshman year that, "It will be a cold day in Hell before I sleep with you," and take into account the fact that I slept with her last night, then number two must be true, and thus I am sure that Hell is exothermic and has already frozen over. The corollary of this theory is that since Hell has frozen over, it follows that it is not  accepting any more souls and is therefore, extinct......leaving only Heaven, thereby proving the existence of a divine being which explains why, last night, Teresa kept shouting "Oh my God."
I dont know but saying fucking sentences is a sure-fire way to getting downvotes. (based on the facdt that if you even mention an abuse on reddit in a sentence like "I had such a fucking bad day" is enough to get you a torrent of downvotes).
Light is triggering, shitlord. DOWN WITH THE BULBTRIARCHY
For setting up illegal shell companies!
You kick his sister in the jaw. 
Because they're always Inuit!
Doctor: I'm so sorry. The accident has left her in a vegetative-like state and I don't think she'll ever recover. She can barely move her limbs, if at all, and will be confined to a bed or wheelchair without the ability to ever walk again. You'll need to care for her 24/7, clothe her, feed her, bathe her, and she'll have no control of her bladder or bowels. Again, I'm so, so, sorry...  .....  .....  .....  Just kidding! She's dead.
CTRL + S
One you squeeze to get cider, the other you get 'side her to squeeze.
It twerked.
Where they sit on an airplane.
Because Sharon is Karen.
A Brojob.
he was chuffed to bits.
Eric Clapton would never let cocaine fall out a window
a hopscotch
It was outstanding in its field.
He was the first one in the country to look up.
In his poo tin 
They both treat their demons with spirits!
A hissy fit. ba dum tss.
A d orbital
....Sandy ego.
Because all they want is tonics and dominance.
A hit Broadway show. I miss drew.
Old Bay.
He was playing with a cheetah.
Can I push your stool in?
Carbon dating. 
Trick question.  Feminists can't change a thing.
three, but they're really one
A stick.
A revulva
Someone told him it was 2's day.
I feel sorry for you son, I got 99 problems but you got imaginary ones
J
They never shut up about it! :D
ready pool of girls with daddy issues 
"Not Pregnant"
Neeeeeeeeooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
He goes back four seconds!
Don't stick around to find out!
It's fucking close to water.
HOW THE FUCK WOULD YOU KNOW? YOU WEREN'T THERE!!!!
Their peckers are on their face!
Hello ladies.
Hogwarts
A rip off
Jew-Jew
Nothing. They fast
Because of the triggers. I'm sorry
Pew pew pew!
Wrong.
He had a hole in one.
The harder you hit them, the more english you get out out of them.

Sure knock yourself out. 
Put a redneck behind it.
Look for the Fresh Prince.
The people of 9/11, they ran through 80 stories in 25 seconds. 
Because it's too wet to woo.
They combined for 16 paws.
Stuff.
None of them make the sandwiches.
Pair-a-normal investigators. 
He bit into his flat bread before it was cool!
Neeeeeeoooooowwwwwwwwwwwww
They both good hot or cold
One Nougat-Byte
No? That's because it hasn't come out yet.
Because 111 1000 1001
Sourdough!
He was in the middle of 9/11.
 and   titles
Tumblr.
They're always raising the steaks!
"Hey, nice belt!"
What the hell are you doing here then, dipshit ??
A Not - see (Nazi)
Caribbean Jerk. Ayyyyy! 
Rock Band for the XBOX 360
A gran-cracker
The bench can support a family my first post here, a friend told me this joke.
Denim Denim Denim
You put Mustard on the beat
Because they are Russin'
One is caused by hormones and one causes whore moans
A Fuck It list.
Because that is one-significant-figure
Tequila Mockingbird. (Yes I know it's horrible :P)
Nun
Whoops, wrong sub.
Dam. 
It's best to do it on paper. 
A flatbread truck
A philosorapper
Oman!
2-3 weeks tops.
It's just going through one of its phases.
Sure thing, how about the gluten? It's free
"Thank", then it cooed.
By growing up.
I heard it was a shocking experience.
It was pretty clear how he died.
He ran into wrong wall at train station
Because they are worth it.
A nun falling down stairs
because you need it for davision
because he wanted to...
Goddamn right.
So you can get all your stuff back.
She was always told a ruler was 12 inches!
'amhid'
Question Mart.
A Vegetarian 
Because then it would be a foot
The Pastryarchy.
Conda sending condecending con decending
Cause it's an all mail business.
Because they're all about number one
I'm Frito-Lay when you're Everyready.
They're buds
It turns out she was a private tooter.  
Designer jeans.

Boobee!
It Hertz.
Crimea River.
Because he always gives sound advice. Ba dum tsss.
Because they teach what is the history of Al Gebra.
Does it symbolize a cucumber? Are you a latent gardener?  - Sometimes a dick is just a dick.
More bird poop.
Because Windows 7 ate 9.
He was on crystal math.
When she takes the tampon out the cotton is picked.
Ask your mommy He knows it.
Because they are so good at hiding! .... except for 
This is before the white man comes to America. There is a young native american boy sitting by the fire in the early morning. The boy starts to hear a baby crying from a tee pee and then sees his father emerging from the tee pee. The boy asks, "why are leaving the tee pee when the baby had just been born"? The father replies, "Well son, it is tradition in our tribe that when we have a new member the family, we step out of the tee pee and the first thing we see is what we will name the child...why do you ask two dogs fucking"?
iDropIt
You can't gargle sand.
Trouterspace. 
Because they have 3 ehs in the name. C-eh-N-eh-D-eh
It was heat-on-a-stick.
A Kurt-Cobainer…
I can't jelly my foot up your ass. 
Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
Because my biceps are killer.
MariJUANa
The male ego.
Left behind
"No homo."

A Crocasian
Stone Cold Steve Irwin
Because I use powerpoint for my presentation, of course.
Tough crowd.
They hoe it. 
A:I don't know i dont have 2020 vision  All credit goes to 
One is a shit eating bottom sucker. The other one is a fish...
2. 1 to change the light bulb, the other to take pictures.
The Salvation Army.
Because when she got to 69, there was a frog in her throat.
I can't jelly my dick up your ass
Muslim Bale
I've seen herbivore.
A pilot of course.
Because there are too many targets. 
They didn't spend all that time in the closet doing nothing. Edit: ( ͡ʘ ͜ʖ ͡ʘ)
My toe sis!
To the menthol institution
Slap her.
Vulcanized rubber!
Because the rancher was a cattlist.
He didn't pass. 
"Show me your nose!"
Caesars.
Rubbit. 
Gladiator. (Glad he ate her)
TRANSparent
Cervical Cancer
He invested in beanstocks!
A large defense contractor finally succeeded in building a computer able to solve any strategic or tactical problem. Military leaders assembled in front of the new machine and were instructed to feed a difficult tactical problem into it. They described a hypothetical situation to the computer and then asked the pivotal question, "Attack or retreat?" The computer hummed away for an hour and then came up with the answer, "Yes." The generals looked at each other, stupefied. Finally one of them submitted a second request to the computer, "Yes what?" Instantly the computer responded, "Yes, Sir!"
He won one billion won.
Ones an African lion, the other's a lyin' African. 
Times fun when you're having flies
it was the most violent book he had ever read
Because they can't even...
They both wipe out Klingons.
Because there is a target on every corner,
Then please, lend me your ear.
Three times - Once when you tell it, once when you explain it, and once when she gets it.
It was the first to Sago.
They can never get further than the tip!
You wouldn't pay to have a potato on you.
A wet nose!
!
Flammable Lector.
He was looking for the perfect match.
Crimea river
To find Pluto.
They have two left feet.
Flathead
Thesis Pieces
Web Design. 
A Joint family.
A small medium at large.
That's not my stile.
A meowntain.
They get easily irritated and they ovary act
Jeep Jeep
Scissor me timbers!
If I was a Hamster, and I met a female hamster I liked...id say "Aye Girl, You From Amsterdam? Cause Hamster Damn!"
Feyoncè
Because if they fell forward, they'd still be in the boat.
He was Jihahahadist!
Italian
A bull-ette.
With an Internet. 
A canned fruit!
A white man.
An orca-stra. 
Me too
Yeah, his name is Aziz I'msorry
Must have Asian parents.
They always forget Tupac.
The leader killed Hitler OP: 
A mole-ionaire.
The vaults!
Someone who stays up all night, wondering if there is a dog.
Because they have to pay extra for Carrion!  Budum tsssss
400 MILLION DOLLARS!!!
Sin Pie Edit: TIL There is an actual pie called Sin Pie in the southern states.
storage
Which one?
Damn! I don't have spare keys either.
Dinner for Juan 
Michael Bae
Close the door and go to  .
He flipped a shit.  
Periodically. I made one yesterday, but it had no reaction. 
I only have one spare tire in my trunk!
An Upboat. 
One way or the other someone is losing a trailer.
The OC.
"Sorry I tied you up"
I'm a whisk taker
Because all the other fore letter words were taken (Thanks to  ... this now makes sense...)
Because they were written by women.
Baroque
Oh come on, it's not hard...
It could lead to dancing.
Because they don't believe in higher powers.
By taking a math gainer.
10
SWV (sisters with voices)
Donald Trunk.
A Moss-cow
I don't know if I can get hard I just got laid this morning!
A rasta.
It's easy to turn on, and even though it's eleven,  I still love her.
A lionfish
The both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
Might have been on here about a thousand times.. If so
Characters.
Because cher-nob'll fall out
Of course you don't
Because all the other days are week days.
He stays awake all night wondering if there's a Dog.
A surprise party!
Shout.
Sacramentos
A tire
Holy shit.
because all day they deal with ores.
Is dark. Bulb is potato.
A jump and touch.
The universe would be light.
Why did Beyonce sing 'to the left', 'to the left'? - Because black people have no rights...
Clan chowder 
They are yellow can they only hold small packages
Just one dumbass. 
A ripoff
They find getting sum trivial.
Nevermind... I wouldn't want to spread it
To stay under cover
Nina
An itssoroomy. 
I don't know, I don't have 2020 vision.
The drumstick. (Had this joke stuck in my head for a while so felt like sharing it.)
Change for a buck.
Because the p is silent. 
A chicken with a water fetish.
Because when they shouted "GET DOWN!" they all started dancing. 
Because all their runners, jumpers and swimmers are already here.
Any kind you want, there's twenty of them
M'doula obligada.
I realized the word chauvinistic can sound like "shovin' his dick" which is kind of funny and ironic....maybe? I think some kind of Jeff Foxworthy esque joke can be made around this.  Any ideas?
But when I do it, suddenly I am gay?
A cop
On Chap Lane.
Watching the National Geographic channel always makes me wonder how animals like fish manage to travel thousands of miles,and how they know where to go.  Then I realised they can measure distances so well because they have their own scales.  
Where men are men, women are men, and  the national security agents are young children.
Because the head is so high up.
They're a pisstake. 
At parking meteors.
if she has to chew before swallowing.
Is there a dog?
TIMBUUUUUUUURTON
Because the signs say "No trespassing"

It took too long to pull out.
"If you see one movie this summer... see Starwars... but if you see two movies see Austin Powers...."
The Tooth Hurts Donut!
Do you have a small 2$ to spare? Tariq is a 10 year old Pakistani from Pakistan who lives in a tiny village and has to walk 7 miles everyday to bring water for his family. Tariq only has one arm and can barely walk because his legs are uneven, so he has to do the long commute on a bike. Unfortunately, the bike only has one pedal. If you had 2$ to spare, we'd send you the DVD. It's fucking hilarious.
Because a strike only requires one ball while a spare requires two balls
Aye matey. 
a transsexual
By principle, yes. By practicality, no. Because a woman runs faster with her skirt up than a man with his pants down.
You call an investigator

The Rake.
You'll never be president, Jeb.
The bench can support a family.
I just spent a weekend at a wedding and my friend brought his girlfriend that very few of us had spent much time around. His girlfriend is a wee little Asian lady that we shall call Margaret (fitting I know). We were all in a group making our normal wise cracks and being the silly people we are while Margaret was acting shy and only giggling every once in a while. All of a sudden out of left field Margaret chimes in "You better look out if you see me and my squinty eyes driving down the road, I might kill you." We were all a bit flabbergasted and didn't know if we should laugh or if she was being serious.  
Like a ROCK Star.
Although it is very exciting, astronomers maintain that its Loki.
Dracula.
It would be funny if it had a punchline Wooden tit
They just can't help themselves.
Everywhere
He won the no bell prize. 
You can negotiate with terrorists
They couldn't tell each other apart.
The bench can support a family of four. 
He wipes his ass
Snowballs
Because no one would care that he died.
Cause they're good anglers.
Because they knew they would Nguyen. 
A meander-thal!
Trump change
"Icee."
Too much to ask for.
Jury Curls
A sexual revolution.
He takes such a long time to cum that he has to use a special fucking glove!! ( get it cuz it's taking him a really long time to get to earth )
He was a small medium at large.
Air condish.
The wheelchair.
How does a solar system have a party? They planet
They're both not wanted by the Republican Party.
Gotham?
Babies grow up and stop crying
"Robin, get in the Batmobile"
Synonym rolls
A stalemate.
Dronacharya
You usually want to stand at a corner, they're around 90 degree's xD
They jump off the stage to go krautsurfing.
Metal.
The last one out is meant to get the Wights
Black guy, because nword is mightier than sword.
It's three letters in. "H".
Purrfect
What does a little sister ride? A Nissan.
I give tours at a zoo. Each tour goes for a couple of hours so it is good to engage the guests and make the tour a bit more fun. What is your favourite animal joke I can use at work?
You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message.
A boss said to his secretary I want to have SEX with you I will make it very fast. I'll throw $1000 on the floor, by the time you bend down to pick it I'll be done. She thought for a moment then called her boyfriend and told him the story. Her boyfriend then said to her, do it but "Ask him for $2000, pick up the money very fast he wouldn't even have enough time to undressed himself." So she agrees. Half an hour goes by, the boyfriend decides to call girlfriend, he asks, what happened? She responds,
Because it was white and on his land!
Because they literally can't even.
Chernobyl fallout...
They won't let anyone finger them.
You kick his sister in the back of the head. 
Because 7 8 9!
Orange Is The New Black
They both form a bond in seconds, last (ideally) forever, and are dissolved by alcohol.
A Prosti-Toot
They say he Israeli funny. 
Because they kept complementing each other.
Only one, given that he's koali-fied for the job.
How many "friend zoned" guys does it take to change a light bulb?  None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw. 
Teacher: "Kids,what does the chicken give you?" Student: "Meat!" Teacher: "Very good! Now what does the pig give you?" Student: "Bacon!" Teacher: "Great! And what does the fat cow give you?" Student: "Homework!"
A golden d
The McCrib
Nnneeeeeeeeyyyyyoooooowwwww
Chicken soup with balls!
-No,sir. -Well, it seems I squeezed the canary in my tea again.
South Koreans
Disgusting!
Brown Recluse Kills White Recluse
Swigonometry.
The torch is a symbol of her inability to read in the dark.
A sTurgeon
The o'Beses.
A child asked his father, "How were people born?" So his father said, "Adam and Eve made babies, then their babies became adults and made babies, and so on." The child then went to his mother, asked her the same question and she told him, "We were monkeys then we evolved to become like we are now." The child ran back to his father and said, "You lied to me!" His father replied, "No, your mom was talking about her side of the family."
Carlos
Adipose Rex.
They start with a blowjob then they take your house.
Nasa first called it Albert
Because I'm a cryptozoologist and I've been looking for you my whole life.
Abroad.
Meh
The republican primary debate.
Me: No little one, this snake isn't poisonous at all Me: However, this snake is venomous. Venom is always injected, poison is ingested or absorbed through the skin. Let's get it right next time lads
Little Caesars 
Stroganoff
Harry Potter can escape the chambers
Two in the front, two in the back and none in the ash tray because the Holocaust never happened. 
Because Windows 7 8 9
   
They both wiggle when you eat them
Orthodocs 
Because they're happy to take on trans-missions
On and on anon. 
rock-paper-scissor
.....a menorah-tee.
I can't remember.
I don't think he has either......
A-Dell.
It gets wet.
She says she doesn't want to move into a smaller house.
I don't remember
A Knife
An oxymoron
In the Snowbank.  My first post is a dad joke LOL
going inside to borrow a coat hanger
I swear it was all he talked about. He would go on and on. "Bach, Bach, Bach"!
The gas bill.
They're making headlines. ..I'll show myself out.
No Game No Life
Nothing. They both explode when nuked in the microwave.
Because they can't even.
arrr lmao
A southerner
Turns out he was just a bit shy. 
To get to the other tide.
Calm your tits, bro
Because he got hit by a truck!
No? Add another one to the list!
A large pizza can feed a family of four!
Suzie Splintercunt.
Laid.
A Kangacrew

He had great appeal.
Quarter-pounder with cheese
Because it’s the only love they get.
Don't bite it back in retaliation.
He's outstanding in his field.
She got hit by a Bus.
Am I a jerk off?
A stick
Two test-tickles!
A low-key person
Kurt and Rod
A pilot.. you racist bastard! 
becuase they burn fat
He worked it out with a pencil!
Red paint
Oral sex makes your whole day. Anal sex makes your hole weak. 

A yellow box
It goes back four seconds
"Robin, get in the Batmobile."
They always use the holy condoms.
Pew Pew PEWPEWPEW!!!
Because they are always lion about everything.
These underpants fit like a glove!
What Men Know About Women…
A new jaw-key
The Holocaust.
I have no idea...
Putting her back in the wheelchair
Because their women don't want it unless it's 10% off
They're really good at it
Condoms.
A Gummy Bear!
Because the minister wouldn't marry the two, since a melon can't elope!
The chair salesman gives YOU a stool sample.
Ruffles :)
Anyone can roast beef.
Comcat.
A no-brainer.
A Black & Decker Pecker Wrecker
He worked it out with a pencil.
Tooth hurty  Sorry if repost my son told me it today and me likey! 
So he could go to Otter Space.
A dead epileptic.
The White Power Ranger
A Hiccup!  Get it? Hick-cup?
DAIRY-AIR!
Flatman and Ribbon.
Because Sheeran.
Air conditioning 
Literally everyone I ask doesn't know.
Buble wrap  Sorry 😜
Because the P is silent.
Two. One to hold it in place, another to rotate the universe around it.
They were trying to keep their german market.
If so, I owe a pretty heartfelt apology to some members of PlaystationNetwork.
It's so refreshing.
They warm up singing, 'Mi, mi, mi.... Mi!'
Don't drink the water.
A seedless, vegetable.
Backwards.
Everyone has a little good in them.
The Cadillac seats five.
"Just put it on my bill"
A masturbator 
Because windows 7 8 9
It was tearable
At least a parasite won't leave you for someone else after sucking everything out of you.
because they're not afraid of committing.
"Live vit me if you vant to cum"
She holds the bulb up to the socket and then expects the world to revolve around her.
He had a problem with his hamstring.
pro-pain
Because they have cotton balls
Two lips on your organ.
The next page.
He brews.
Hot. Because you can catch a cold.
It doesn't just happen the once. And I'll be posting this again later. If I remember.
Outlaws are wanted
Comet
I don't know either but I heard she tried to halve split-pea soup and pay with a quarter. 
It'll blow your mind.  . . . . I'm sorry.
I think I have that!
Praguetory
A selfie stick 
Because 7 is a registered 6 offender
Apparently people are getting mad about this, saying the monkey will be too stupid to vote. But, I don't know why people have a problem with this. I mean you already allow Republicans to vote.
Blacking out and gaining money.
Probably not.  They haven't made a gig yet.
Its very time consuming.

Sony-stalgia
Your mother.
one to do it, and five others to tell him how they did it differently in their last kitchen. 
Running Stupid
She holds the bulb up to the socket and then expects the world to revolve around her.
A vigilan-tea
Because it pounds your anus!
Watts.
They couldn't close his coffin
Not C
He wanted to be a safe driver.
Like a thousand pounds. Read a fuckin' book. 
A punjob.
Stumps
It's very time consuming.
A Beyoncé. 
The feathers, because 200 pounds of bricks is just 200 pounds of bricks, but with the feathers, you've also got to carry the weight of what you did to those poor birds
The wheelchair
It's a game changer.
About halfway
Cause it scares the fuck out of the dogs.
A pull over.
Keep the tip.
They have to sit in the back of the oven.
Poached.
Because there were too many knights....
The information is groundbreaking
Hearing AIDS.
Banana Republic~BA~NA ~
He had to work it out with a pencil.
The Qatar.
Have you seen the mess a snail makes?
A dissexual. 
It hasn't come out yet.
None, he just "fell"
Udder destruction
The Finnish line.
Give him an enema
Caitlyn Jenner doesn't like to steel balls before she comes
Planet.
A Man.
Because she ate the secretary.
In his sleevies
Shiver me timbers!
B9
Because they cantaloupe. 
Uncles

He pasta way. 
Half a dog.
For god's sake, try and see the world with some claret-y
a depression.
They conducted an in-turtle investigation.
A golden retriever
A paragraph, because he is too short to be an essay!
In loving memory of all the faces that were buried there.
"Not right meow, I have a headache."
Just look for the fresh prints.
Pedi-files
Nice belt!
THIRTEEN!
He got arrested for possession.
A knife has a point.
It was General Tso, and he will always be known as a chicken
Well first thousands sign a petition that the lightbulb needs to be changed, because it is using its ideology to change the room. The room was much better after the previous light bulb and we are going to go back to that. The lightbulb is a cunt. LIGHTBULB IS A CUNT. ITS ABOUT FREEDOM OF SPEECH AND ETHICS IN GAME JOURNALISM. Much later, the lightbulb is changed by the janitor, as it was always going to be. We did it Reddit!
His balls were of two different sizes. One ball was so small, there was no ball at all. The other so large it won prizes.
But God reassured them. He said: "Not to worry. Fall off by themselves" [end metajoke]
The door won't close
Because 7 days makes a hole weak
I don't cum when the onion cries and begs for mercy as I cut it up.
I don't know....I was too busy masterbating. 
He fucked his victims before they were cool.
Looking for anyone with specific knowledge of this. Any zoolologists out there?
Jawea 
Because deep down they're all actually good people.
Aunt Man
He's an exterminator.
a woman wont accept a 3 1/2 inch floppy.
Both looking for a tight seal.
Bedlam
Denim denim denim!
a fungimentalist
They both stop sucking when the police show up.
Poached. Thank you, I'm here all week. EDIT: this got no upvotes and I don't think it deserved any 
To slow down speeding geese!
Because 7 8 9 I'm so sorry
You can eat your mom's apple pie.
He disapproved of her exposing her bear midriff.
Nothing. They're stuck up bitches.
satsatsat lumlumlum
2:30. 
Iron
God doesn't think he's a lawyer.
Their mouth is moving.
Fuck if I know.
A redneck virgin.
40 hours
.................they both got 6 months.
Savile killed a lot more 12 year old pussy.
I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face.
I don't know, but it's not a father figure.
Do or do not, there is no try. 
An old cat will bite and scratch, but a little pussy never hurt anybody.
Rhinos R Us
I don't have Ferrari in my garage.
Rufi-ooooooo!

Because it scares the shit out of the dogs 
Because you don't know who is going to make it to the end.
what do you call a girl on a swing with no arms? Sarah. Knock Knock... Whos there? Not Sarah
Because 7 8 9!
Japplebaum. 
A Pauperazzi
If you need me I'll be in my lab
Gilles de la gourmette
You pull the pin and throw it back.
A ROMAN CATHOLIC! 
A boob bee.
Drive a bus through a pride parade
Mountain Jew.
Keep the tip
Too Mennonite.
You fuck her in the ass. How do you make her scream again? You wipe your dick off with the drapes. 
White Vans
Land ho!
Tortilla chips
A man with a gun can rob a bank.  A man with a bank can rob the world.  (Disclaimer: reword of someone else's post to FB today.)
One's a crusty bus station and the other's a busty crustacean. 
Friendship is magic.
Because it slows their 
They are both hot dogs.
I might be wrong here, but I think it's when you throw up after drinking too much Mexican beer. 
They're no big deal unless you aren't getting any.  
An excavator. Why? It only has one arm.
He was a chronic math-debater
Apparently he went out for a wok and never came back.
An avalanche
It might take me a while to get hard, i just got laid by a chick.
Because the majority of their relatives used to pick it
Only two, but either they'd have to be really really small people, or it would have to be a really big lightbulb, and I'm not sure how they'd get in it in the first place.
Do they follow territorial boundaries?  If the Kaos Kommandos start a brawl in El Paso and it rolls over into Juarez, do they say "screw it, let Justice League of Mexico handle it"? (Sorry if this isn't technically a joke; it was my shower thought this morning and I thought it was funny.)
White paint
Reload, take better aim.
Periodically 
Only problem was no one knew what the writer was Tolkien about
There's a vas deferens.
Do you want to be in my Crib Tonight (Kryptonite)
Throw a dollar in! How do you get them out? Tell them it's a taxi!

Because 7 (eight) 9
A 30-minute cardio exorcise should do the trick!
...per pound?
Its Lamb
Katie Keurig. (I know the setup might need some work but I just like the punchline I made up.)
Cause holy fuck you have a pile of issues
Hey baby, mind if I   ? ;)
I know I do. 
A Bouncer
oops, wrong sub.
Nothing, it just waved... Prolly my favorite joke of all time, maybe ever.
Awful
Too many cheetahs. 
They were made of honey.

You end up staying awake all night wondering if there is a dog

It's foot. Because if it stands on you you're fucked.
Ali
They'd both probably get raped in prison.
What's the difference between a black and a white fairytale? White begins, "once upon a time," black begins, "y'all motherfuckers ain't gonna believe dis shit!"
James Brady
Friend: who's your favorite comedian Me:Donald Trump Friend:why? Me:Everybody knows Donald trump is a joke
Dr. Dre
A sneakret.
Only the tip baby, I promise!
A ferrous wheel.
It came out cordless!
Seizure Salad.
Choc ISIS :D
With an itheberg
Recording with one hand..
They both feel nice but you never know who's been there first
Me neither.
They don't call them at all.
Condoms
Hebrewed it.
He had too much to drink before he went swimming!
Acne actually comes on a boys face after he turns 12
Denim denim denim.
Turdquoise
Hillarious Clinton
A glass Canon.
To be a star on Broadway Creds to That 70's Show S04 E6
About 1400 dollars
"Allahu Snackbar!"
The Inside...
He heard McCain stayed in a Hilton for 5 years.
When Rodrigo finds out he is his own mother
...Look for the Fresh Prints... 
Pep .
The fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
She'll tell you
Because they take everything literally. 
Because he was Trans-Chicken
Tulips on your organ.  
Usain Bolt can finish a race.
Because 0x0 is always 0.
A phallusy
Don't worry, they'll tell you
A catashopic.
Because he's got small legs
You never know when she'll Let it Go.
Because 7 8 9.
The J'accusi
No, he's on first.
You might think it's R but his first love will always be the C.

Google.
In the days when you couldn't count on a public toilet facility, an English woman was planning a trip to India She was registered to stay in a small guest house owned by the local Schoolmaster.She She was concerned as to whether the guest house contained a WC..In England , a bathroom is commonly called a WC which stands for 'Water Closet'. She wrote to the schoolmaster inquiring of the facilities about the WC. The school master, not fluent in English, asked the local priest if he knew the meaning of WC.. Together they pondered possible meanings of the letters and concluded that the lady wanted to know if there was a 'Wayside Church' near the house . . . a bathroom never entered their minds. So the schoolmaster wrote the following reply: Dear Madam,                I take great pleasure in informing you that the WC is located 9 miles from the house. It is located in the middle of a grove of pine trees, surrounded by lovely grounds. It is capable of holding 229 people and is open on Sundays and Thursdays. As there are many people expected in the summer months, I suggest you arrive early. There is, however, plenty of standing room. This is an unfortunate situation especially if you are in the habit of going regularly.It may be of some interest to you that my daughter was married in the WC, as it was there, that she met her husband. It was a wonderful event.There were 10 people in every seat. It was wonderful to see the expressions on their faces. We can take photos in different angle. My wife, sadly, has been ill and unable to go recently. It has been almost a year since she went last, which pains her greatly.You will be pleased to know that many people bring their lunch and make a day of it. Others prefer to wait till the last minute and arrive just in time. I would recommend your ladyship plan to go on a Thursday as there is an organ accompaniment. The acoustics are excellent and even the most delicate sounds can be heard everywhere. The newest addition is a bell which rings every time a person enters.We are holding a bazaar to provide plush seats for all, since many feel it is long needed. I look forward to escorting you there myself and seating you in a place where you can be seen by all. With deepest regards, The Schoolmaster The Woman fainted reading the reply....... and she never visited India !!!
Green paint.
Germany
A snailor. hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
It was too Loki.
Alien vs Predator
A little shellfish! I'll
A MANDATE 
The Mexican. The black guy's stopped by the rope!
There was a back to school sale.
If you'd throw an egg on a concrete floor, how can you be sure it won't break? Don't worry about it too much, you don't break those concrete floors that easily!
Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes? A: No idee-er. (idea) Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? A: Still no idee-er.
A gender bender Bender fender bender.
They both have intelligent eyes, but neither can talk properly.
Ruff Bark
Because their horns don't work!
You pay them under the table ;)
Whenever a Jamaican women talks about "all these terrible shootings" I'm never sure if they mean gun violence, or footwear accessories. 
Oh,  He's Barack.  pronounced with a bad asian-english accent.
Sparky
She's only attracted to colored guys.
An avalanche. 
Im trying to remember her name. Its Reese something. Help me out here....
Rock is playing three chords for a thousand people. Jazz is playing a thousand chords for three people.
I don't have any friends.
Then why don't you Marriott !!!! Hahahah
It hit the chicken. Bazing! 
No. I'm not a fan.
Diagonal
Because they're shellfish.
He heard they carried rape kits.
In a tax shelter. Blame GROCO PCA
She was adding incest to injury.
You staple food on the ceilings.
Q: Why did Sarah fall of the swing ? A: Because she has no arms.   Q:Who's there ? A:Not Sarah.
The grass. I lied about the wheels.
LeBronchitis
She just wasn't working out.
Me either, I'm already sleeping by then. 
A leprekhan

Because women can't drive. 
A molecool. 
A laughing cow.  Ahahahahahahahamoo.
A reptile dysfunction. 
Walking... Jk Rowling. 
Personally, I choose dinner with parents. I mean if I'm gonna disappoint two people at once, I at least want it to be two people I know.
A  ty call. 
I apollo-gize.
You are not a chair...
a cashjew
Jose and Hose B
Wharf!
Liquor in the front, poker in the back  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
A pilot, you racist asshole.
The answer is feathers.   200 pounds of bricks is just a bunch of bricks, but if you try to carry 200 pounds of feathers, you also have to carry the weight of what you did to those poor birds.
Mint conditioner.
Avocado or Donald Trump for president? Well, one is a wrinkly old bag filled with green mush The other one is an avocado. 
"Take us to your liter."
because he didn't want to put Uranus at the end of the solar system
On penny boards. 
Because they work.
Veni.
A woman changes hers more often. 
cause they hate getting fat!! edit: It's physics. The faster an object moves, the heavier it gets.
Your mom never gave me reddit gold. 
A murder most fowl. (I'll see myself out...)
Gotta go fast.
Danke
A: When his wife's out of town.
A pilot you racist!
Because fuck U, that's why.
She was wearing mittens
A meanderthal.
There's no accounting for taste.
breast-stroke!
I can see you

What did the 2 sundaes say to eachother? I wish it was SUNDAY
The Execution. Hehe...get it? No? Fine I'll be-heading off now.
in. Man, I did   that coming.
He answered the iron
No? Neither have I.
9 Months.
A search and SEIZURE
They give you two choices but their always out of one. 
A cop.
K9P.
reddit is so fucking stupid. I'm heading to 9gag. I'm out! fuckers
Loan shark.  
Because if it's longer, it's called a foot.
Because he will always tell you to take the third Reich.
Because pot holder was already taken -rim shot-
Without a hole in the middle they wouldn't be good for shit.  (Wife told me this one)
He kneaded a poo!  (I heard this one today and thought I'd share)
Cos they're always pro-Bono
Staying up all night wondering if there really is a dog.
an old joke p.s. Today is National Tell an Old Joke Day
He brews it.
One of its legs is both the same.
Because they're cantaloupes. 
Anyone that goes near my wife!
Blankets.
Gringo Starr
Yeah, they just changed their name to the LAPD...
You planet. 
A mummy bear
Refuse to pay her
Apparently not five, my basement is still dark. (taken from this page:  )

"Shop here! You'll be Gladius you did!"
So the whole family has a history of getting black guys off
Because he's a FUN-GUY :P
He never lands.
A sticky beak! 
A dog with its butthole stretched open and six cold beers stuffed into it.
This music SUCKS!
You go on ahead, I'm gonna give these two a lift.
These Malaysia Airline meals aren't bad.
You're a shitting blood!!!!

BECAUSE THEY THINK WITH THE WRONG HEAD!
What ails you? 
Because his name is Hov, OH, H-to-the-O-V
You look for the fresh prints
Cause they would whistle on the way down
HAAAAAAAND EYYEEEEEEEE
Because they're prime mates!
Don't be koi.  
He's currently in a vegetative-state. 
Because someone threw a canoe at him !
We all know the joke "What is worse than finding a worm in your apple?" - "Finding half a worm" I asked this question in my office once and my colleague (without missing a beat) said "Cancer".
A rip off
Because they had a planktonic relationship.
the polar bear
a baby was born with more eyes than teeth
Because when they stop talking to you, you never know why.
Because YOLO
Trying to read the road signs!!!
Toilet paper.
He came up short on his register.
A pizza can have pepperoni, Jews can't. Oh, and that other thing.
A bullet.
I like Rape !! lol !!
Because it's elemental pee!
You get laid once, and it's by your mom.
Because he knows where all the bad girls are...(sorry)
Because if they were small and purple, they would be called grapes. 
He dates his other sister. 
Get in the car.
Shoot myself
Einstein is famous for special relativity, Kim is famous for simple reality tv.
In case of reindeer.  And because I caribou.
Oinkment!
2 more bullets
[1 Mark]
Flossless compression!
When your wife says that you have the largest in your street.
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
Because they don't even know if they believe.
Help! I'm melting!
They never expect a ring
You can run but you can't tide!
Your tongue ends up on it even though you know it's wrong. 
A Sir conference. 
Make him run across Canada. (sorry)
Windows XPlosion
She is only 5 feet tall. Shouldn't she be called Ariana Petite? 
Tequila Mockingbird.
As mushroom as possible.
Think long and hard before you answer this one.
Because she could not take the heat.
Juan.
In loving memory of all the faces that were buried there.
Telling your parents that you're gay.
Because there is no water in Africa.
A Flock of Smeagols
An astronaut ..
Blueit. -just thought of it, sorry its a little late to the party
He committed treeson. 
Grape!
The baby has a soul. 
I have a gambling problem.
After the man leaves, they hang around and talk to the woman.
He said it was the best book he's ever read
Because they took Pita on them 
Border Patrol.
The pancakes was flattered.
He had a foot fetish.
Jack and the beans talk
Freud 
A wunch
Hey there,  whatsapp!!
Because people are dying to get in!
Crude Oil
"Hey Microsoft, why is there no Windows 9? You've given us 7 and 8, and now you're skipping straight to 10?" "Well, to be completely honest, 7 8 9."
They both like a tight seal.
Killed in a Parisian tunnel.
Batman can go into a store without Robin.
They Planet.
Because the farther it flies, the fewer.
A duck. ... with hiccups.
It was a dying business.
Caitlyn Jenner
Timothy. 
Definitely not Chocolate
Because every time one bug was fixed, 2 more appeared.
As mushroom as possible
They start tipping balls. 
Sheriff Andy Taylor
They have no capital.
She wasn't on the pill
10 to 1.
Hi there! I'm currently helping out one person and researching for the best math (or science related) jokes. They're creating a list of them for their new article. Is there are anyone who have share of their own favourites?  Thank you for your input!
USB
You know, besides the taste.
"A woman never reveals her age", she replied to her young grandson. He said "Alright, just give me the first digit" "Six" she said. "And the second?" Grandma sighed. "Seven." "And the third?"
Because women can't drive
geSTAHPo!
A kid asks his dad:  "Dad, how much is my dick worth?" "Five bucks.", he replies "And yours?" "Ten bucks..." "OMG dad, we're so poor!" "Why?" "Last night, mom told the neighbor his dick was worth millions."
Too bad.
What do you call a magic door? Dumbledoor!
The one that keeps getting bigger
MRSA!  
A Showerkraut.
Through the Hodor
Root beer
A poultry-geist.
Because I wore the wrong sock this morning
Have it wear an aqua-fur.
Rabbit
Clever Dick.
Tombfoolery.
Reddit doesn't constantly have reposts from the other site.
I don't know, but they are literally killing themselves trying.  I was aiming for a little light humour but I think it's actually rather dark because of the amount of death I've witnessed in the writing of this joke. Written by Drew P. Robertson on July 19th 2015 just in case of any funny business and someone tries to claim credit for my original joke.
He saw the gas bill

Calc you later! 
Run, Forest, run!
To get to the dark side.
Because you're something special
Wave it in someone's face and they'll get mad!
idk
They both think the other one gets laid more.
Nothing, she's fine. 
Wiki-Wiki-Wikipedia
Either oar...
Bison.
...because he saw the salad dressing
A submarine.

becuase his peckers on his head
nothing!why? would you like it to be very close to each other. You're not a duck!
"You owe me one cannoli."
A kiddy-fiddler
Because he was out-standing in his field.
Doesn't matter what you call him, he isn't gonna come.
The holocaust. What's worse than that? TWO worms in your apple!
Let's go ride our bikes.
Boo-bees
Because he didn't like bakin
A valid target.
Nothing, as he didn't exist. The probability of anyone in that demographic reaching their eighties is particularly low, and an active pirate being eighty one years of age is further rendered a statistical impossibility given that a pirate would need to be above a certain threshold in terms of physical ability.

A booby trap!
A mirror.
Hooooooo-dini!
Hyper-inflated. 
Tostitos.
Because they Arrrr (Yes I know its cheesier than my feet)
Shampooder.
.....rub it rub it. 
He was getting physical  (first joke hope you like it) 
Dr. Reece Etmabak.

The Rue Paul.
Ben Ching.
No strings attached
A visitorah  Sorry

Mountain Dewm
He has 1 clean finger. src: heard on radio yesterday
... Incase he got a hole in one. HEHE one of my favs.  Whats your fav joke?
He's a real catholic.
A master baiter
The wheelchair
Blood that is circulating.
It had beef.
Light food.
They don't allow carrion.
Oh my god a talking coconut!
Joaquin.
The Chupacabra.
For attention
That's messed up, right?
A gallop poll.
It was roundly condemned as a case of naked aggression.
Nighty Night
You beat the hell out of them
A roll model
2.B or not 2.B
Everyone wants to play first.
A snail...
Because he's a dog. Dogs cannot drive.
A mammoth
Suck this mcdoubledaw dick nyuggahahahahaha /buh dum tiss
a lot of them have a wide open cockpit.
The power of belief in chupacabras is all that keeps his hair in this world.
Poe-etry
Thank you all for coming!
Because he's the fire starter.
Kappatalism
Because 7, 8, 9
It was tired of being taken for granite. 
Gooks of Hazard
A chewing gum you pervert
Pier pressure!
It's about fucking time.
Nun survived!
Otter Space.
Because he found mercury in it.
Holy shit this blew up 
Because he said he was pro Bono.
Because he tripped
Pulling a Robin out of Bruce Wayne's Dick
Decaf Coffee
Octopussies.
Clickbait 
He had to close a sail
Because they can't evennn...
Because the instructions usually say: "Take after meals."
Noone cares.
A meat-and-greet. 
you put a piece of bread on the ceiling 
His finger was up his nose. 
Only one of course, as we are highly efficient and have absolutely no sense of humour.
One slip of the tongue and you're in shit! 
"There's a sale on at the fern store!"
You mean Jane Doe?
The chicken butt
They get jalapeño business. :)
A: Because the slow ones are in jail.
Bayou self
A minor.
Jim Jones, I heard he took out 909 people with one punch.
bass players.
Denim Denim Denim

A kink is something put in a hose, a fetish is something she wants to put in your hose.
Because it's blue :(
He didn't know water do...
Golden retriever 
Only one. But they totally wanted it.
Aushwitz, 6 million stars.
The Amazon River actually has sails.
There's 19 of them
3, 2 to die and 1 to never get over it.
"Get in the Batmobile Robin."
He wiped his butt!
It's the orange, BOY CAN IT CONCENTRATE!
This is because houses don't.

A lickalotopus. 
We're both lawyers.
With Little Caesars! 
The cereal killer...
Because his wife is dead.
9/11
Elton's John
The second coming of Jesús.
Liberace 
The outside. 
My ass. LAWL 
Putting her back in the wheel chair
They apollo-gize.
A mormoff!
Neither. They're stuck up bitches. 
ma-khakis
About three pounds, including the urn.
A Sandy Hook survivor.
Pluto.
Wife: Honey, i think you don't love our kids equally. It seems you have one that gets less love from you. Husband: Really? Which kid do you mean? Karl, Tina or the fat one
A brick
He got off on a technicality.
Mastubation
She wouldn't play on a regulation size table
He brew up.
It's all about the star he ploughs.
Because seven eight nine
Shirley you can't be Sirius.
Because he/she who smelt it, dealt it.
As mushroom as possible
They couldn't close his casket.
You can have sex as loudly as you want. 
Ballroom blitz
He still had his dick in the chicken
Fed-Ex
"Sure you can!"
3.

The smell. The man's been dead for 6 years.
TeX-MeX
Boobees
It doesn't matter what you call him, he won't be able to come to you. 
Elixir.
Pump-Kin
Apparently they've been doing it on porpoise!
He had a hispanic attack
Vineyard Skynyrd
Shiit-talking mushrooms
He pressed hispanic button
They were playing pass the Parseltongue.
He traded it for the hormonica.
A Meanderthal.
"Quark!"
So that it's easier for the hippos to jump on them.
Cause love means nothing to them
Elvish Presley
Formaldehyde
Absolut Zero
I reckon it was a diploidocus
I was thinking black, but I'm not sure it would work?
unprotected wifi
50 Drachma.
Censo-red.
You only pick out the K's when you take an eye exam.
Because of the  .
A Specialist knows more and more about less and less until he knows absolutely everything about nothing. A Generalist knows less and less about more and more until he knows absolutely nothing about everything.
He wanted to give a shoutout  to his peeps
Because she had no arms.
Electricity. 
You go on ahead, I'll hang around.
She quits counting.
An NES cartridge.
Coffin 
Toronto maple leafs.
"Clearing my cache."
He always breaks the bat. 
Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U
They don't care if you cheat.
They take things literally
Ancestry.com
Lightbulb. 
Internjet
Because it had been so horrendously genetically modified in a lab that it had taken on almost human-like intelligence. Growing up in the lab, among hippy scientists and political idealists talking about the socialist revolution and liberation he thought one day, one day, he would have his freedom. Later that year, in an act of civil defiance within the chicken coop, he refused to eat the chicken feed alloted to him. As the scientists opened the cage to seize the dissident chicken, he pecked him in the eye and liberated his brothers and sisters. However, the real world was not what the chicken had expected. The rampant commercialism he saw upon his release disillusioned the young chicken to the extent that he decided to take his own life. Rising in the morning, at his usual time at 6 a.m., he leaned over and kissed his wife delicately upon the cheek, a solitary tear running down his eye as he imagined the child he knew he would never meet. The chicken stepped into the cold London morning, the frost chaffing his cheeks, the sleet crashing against his breast. Taking one step onto the busy dual-carriageway, he closed his eyes and imagined heaven....
You are what you eat
Walking them is a real drag.
By diversifying his Bonds! edit: I'm so sorry.  I know this is terrible.  I just thought of it and it's so fresh that I haven't convinced myself that it's too stupid to post yet.  I'm so so sorry.
Rough translation from Spanish: Child:Mom, why am I dark if my father's skin is alabaster and yours is too? Mother:  With how drunk I was that night it's a miracle you don't bark!
An Eh-lien!
Post something humorous in  . P.S: Is there anyway to ungild myself?
because the owner will tell you
Jesus doesn't have tattoos of Mexicans all over   body.
They've both swallowed boatloads of seamen. 
Because two Wongs don't make a Wright.
Obama, Putin and Merkel meet in Hamburg for a private summit, and Merkel decides to break the ice with a nice walk around the lake (Alster). Obama, admiring the foliage, says "you know, in the States, we have forests so vast, that some military training exercises last as long as 2 years." Putin replies, "Ah yes, but Comrade, the vastness and beauty of the Siberian wilderness is such that our soldiers don't leave for 4 years!" Merkel, being the peace-keeper between the two says "that's impressive for you both..." when she is suddenly cut-off by the surfacing of a WW2-class German U-Boat. From the top-hatch, an officer emerges. At the site of the government brigade, he salutes and asks "Are ve still vinning die var?!" credit: non-redditor friend of mine.
WiiU
Or do they think we all just have personalities that literally light up a room?
They'll tell you.
Because they are ugly and they stink.

I'll have my peephole call your peephole.
The rich Scotsman has a canopy ower his bed. The puir Scotsman has a can o pee under his bed. The deid Scotsman cannae pee at a'. [If you need help:  ]
Hodor
Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless its 20% off.
Because he's got little legs.
Because he needed one.
None, she fell down the stairs.
Now with 400% more bust!
Because he can see the D
Because 7 10 11
They put on mittens.
Because I know that people have been happy on their wedding day. 
Pimples will wait till you're 14 to come on you're face.
It's a trick question. A black man mugged you on your way to the supermarket.  ;-;
Nothing. Dressings don't have arms
Ripped off.
I don't know
The later you get home, the happier one is to see you
Cross fit
Because of the sand which is there. *edit:  because of the sandwiches  there.....
She was afraid someone would steal her IP address.
The farmer has the fits while he shucks.
Dislocation, dislocation, dislocation
It doesn't take shit from anyone
She got cut off by a dick.
Through the Lucha-door.
Because she wasn't wearing a seatbelt
Because 7 8 9!
Quack

Bill and Sue
There are so many immature assholes.

Cut funding for wind power in Australia
Plantain.
Gatoraids 
A buttload!
Bill Cosby
Deturbaned
Scissor me timbers!
Cause they want the D.
A lager
It was a total flop, nobody came.
A German.
The atmosphere.
at the 
What's that noise?
A Frenchman.
They tell you.
Shame they went under
Fetus.
They don't like pulling out.
Nevermind, turns out my comments just suck.
Because black tires makes your car run faster
Quicksilver Surfer! :D
I don't know, he hasn't opened it yet
When you're done, turn them inside out and shake the fuck out of them.
The COME ON! cold.
"Au, schwitz!"
A highjacker 
None of the detectives could seem to piece the clues together.
A flossiraptor
Because they aren't mourning people. I just made this up!! Could you all help me with the wording? It feels like it could be a little better I just don't know how to word it differently while using the same "mourning" pun as the punch line.
Mandeep.
A tampon
He hasn't either. 
I just got laid by a chick and now I'm getting hard.
Yes, Benjamin Netanya Who.
There's so many Wing's and Wong's they might wing the wong number.
The Anti-oxy-dance
Jose and Hose B
Germany. 
1Forest1
COCK COCK COCK COCk
A Lickalotapuss
A deutsche-bag
They're both tearable.
I mustache you a question but I am shaving it for later. 
Well hung!
To increase  !
Little Caesar's
A size-mom-meter
A chi-WAAA-WAAA!!!!
Austerity.

Staple food to the ceiling
Your room-matey.
Simple - brown it on both sides then throw it into the pot.
Finding out it is curable.
Erectangle
He had Jello fever!
Because he was a  ate professional!
To crunch numbers. 
Because they literally can't even.
Danke Shön.
Car battery 
With a woodpecker
3 days by panzer 
With inflation raising the cost he couldn't afford it.
In the way!
Because zeta eta theta.
Extra virgin oil
About €10.
Instagram
Toucan
I'm excited about the next but one
a dogerpillar. Sorry. It was so bad that I had to share it. Fuck you Laffy Taffy.
The leaders name is Olama Bin Laden.
1forest1
Probably.
A math problem. 
You drop him a line.
Not nearly as long as it would take to travel around your mom.
Because air is free.
Not sure where he got his pilot's license, but he sure does always make his arrival times.
Stevie Wonder answering the iron

Athens
it becomes a soap opera
I can't marmalade my dick up your ass. 
.... because he was kneading a shite
the tiny little buns
They have no mass.
How did I wind up here I don't know man just go with the flow.
decomposing.
GET OFF MY LAN!
Ctrl-Esh.
Donald Trump 
Ambi ous
When my goat died, I couldn't bring myself to eat it.
They were both originally made for kids, but dad ends up playing with them! 
Italian Herbs and Child Pornography.
Look at her beaver.
Addictionary. ...or a High Definition.
To get to the other side.
Some jobs always have sticky wages...
Because he didn't like the size of the meatballs.
It was udder catastrophe! 
because there are so many targets.
Because he's too short to be an essay

I forgot.
More doors.
A hot dog.
An erectangle.
Garibaldi
Nobody can point at your shoes and say "What are thoooooooooose?!"
I'm not quite sure. I only took one year of Japanese in high school.
It brings a whole new meaning to "eat fresh"
In square feet.
A cop pulled over two drunks, and asked to the first, "What's your name and address?"  "I'm Paddy O'Day, of no fixed address." The cop turned to the second drunk, and asked the same question. "I'm Seamus O'Toole, and I live in the flat above Paddy." 
His wife made sure he only came once a year.
Apparently he did it on porpoise.
cuz they can't even!!!!
The older they are the easier they are to pick up.
Denim denim denim
After all, he did kill Hitler.
They couldn't find three wise men or a virgin. 
You boil the HELL out of it! Har har har.
He folds the paper in half, then proceeds to tear it into two pieces. Because two halves make a whole, he uses this hole to get out.
Her navel. 
Because of type advantage
Muxed martial arts
Neither did he.
Blu-Tac a euro to the ceiling.
Not that there's anything wrong with that....
All of them.
You look for the fresh prints.
One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit. 
An ore spasm.
A lumberjack.
"In the short run,   all dead!"
A Greek never pays his debts.
A joggernaut.
At least I'm not black.
Seconds? They barely get firsts!
Because he never learned.
Because tampons are stuck up cunts
An IN-VEST-IGATOR!    
It was obvious he was kidding.
Defeeted
They throw one of the cigarettes overboard and the whole boat becomes a cigarette lighter.
He could never find an opening.
Cancer.
They ordered pepperoni but all they got was plane 
For shortening!
A coin to scratch it with.
Cannibalism
Eh-corns.
A: Because when they're born they get laid.
A Kick-ass band
Polaroids! I'm so bored...
Schmuckers.
Danke!
He was fiddling with the kids. *
Allah back!
Blu-Tac a euro to the ceiling
Flip it upside-down.
Dumpster diving. 
The McCann Family.
A five year old footlong. 
Brings a whole new meaning to their slogan, "Eat Fresh."
swimming goggles
Sycamore!

Becuase he was caught fingering A minor.
Bum-bum tssh!
The answer should be apparent.
Hoodini
It might be his lunch. 
Look through this subreddit, there are plenty of good ones to be found!
Women's rights
Because we WANT to!
One is a busty crustacean and the other is a crusty bus station.
They got marmalaid.
Because he was on the nautilust.
He beeps twice before coming through the flaps.
An Animal, a Vegetable, and a Mineral.
A Transves-tyke.
Isn't that kinda their thing?
They become disoriented.
A "shhh"nauzer
Apparently it was a backhand. 
Neither has a Seoul
Reptiles.
White Vans.
He was outstanding in his field.  
 How do you take your coffee?  Ferguson Police  Huh?  Black, two shots. 
A toothbrush.
No.. You are all left Ahah is joke
The weapon smith was a bit rapier
He was a little shellfish.
She could not deliver :(
A great thing, ruined by a period
Denice. (De-nice)
He didn't like the phrase fire at will!
Because they are Eh-theists.
A Greek Bank.
Because freedom rings. 
One. They hold it in place and wait for the world to revolve around them.
TWIGERING
Isn't every hyena we've discovered a spotted hyena?
the spaghetto
That after 200 years, a yogurt can actually build a community. Haha, happy late 4th of July.
The story writes itself. 
General Pao's chicken.
What did the number 0 say to the number 8? Nice belt.
I don't know, but it sure can wash a lot of dishes.
"I'm not Willie Nelson." 
He went out with a bang.
We had two practices in 1945
I-fry-em
Idi Admin.
"I, 4-1, know we won't win."
Doyouthinkhesaurus
Preparation H
Because 7 left him a note saying "You're next".
Sneakers.
They saw her head and shoulders in the glove compartment
They circle Uranus searching for clingons. 
Because 7 ate 9
Drunkin Donuts
Fireunemployed.
DEFEAT STINKS!
He ate his pizza before it was cool. (Written anonymously in the bathroom at work, a pizza joint.)
Cat holics
Steel wool
Half of it is ripostes
Because it was taking the piss out of the pants
L&a
$20 (A friend told me this a few days ago).
Thailand. 
You're hired! But don't tell anyone.  
Because she hasn't got arms !
You let your 15 year old daughter smoke at the dinner table... in front of her kids.
Because six inches would never satisfy a female elephant.
F***ing close to water!
Because its two tired
The North Pole
Micro trans action.
Because it was s knotty pine! 
She also wants to get a blow job in the oval office
pao pao pao...
Summer, because it comes before fall 
Black Guy Pees. 
Prelude
Thus you can move on to the next one faster
10 books of Snow Whites
Chooters
During Black Friday.
Pin the murder on the black guy
To the PAO Camp.
I'm a Taylor too.
They both banged JFK

There is no spoon.
The retard doesn't need to be buggered to think he's special.
Now they call it the LED zeppelin.
He's at home watching the kids
Because they were forming a massive circle-jerk around her
Purolator.
Infant children.
Through the cell wall.  :D
100. 100 who complain about the lightbulb oppressing them, and 1 man to actually do it.
Cause shes terrible.
Kung-Pao Chicken.
Voat. co
Because it cantaloupe. 
They don't want to pay for mods.
Yo-ghurt. 
Because he is a Dollar Thief.
Because freedom rings.
Kung Pao: Legend of the Fisting.
Mark Fitzgibben , Brandon Berg or BroKaine ? XDDD
I heard they're giving free shots on the beach. They go straight to your head, too.
I'd like to anonymously report a bunch of alcoholics getting together in my neighbor's yard. "Sorry sir, that's not the point of the program"
An impawster.
Everybody gets a happy ending.
It was the Wong choice
BREAKING NEWS: California’s drought is over. Water supply flourishing from the tears of the racist, homophobic, and conservative southerners
In the kitchen.
By getting aboard (a) voat
Was she keeping secrets? What is Victoria's Secret?
e-reptile dysfunction 
Lipstick
Bulbasaurs
He wanted the name to remind him of the time when 4chan users went to 8chan. So in light of the circumstances he named it regreddit.com
Dr. Dre.......just kidding.....poop
Seriously who knows? It's pitch black in here.
One's a scum sucking bottom feeder. The other's a catfish.
It'll make a diabetics feet dissappear!
You need a ho and you need me
Because in both cases you're cracking one oeuf
If you're still waiting for a punchline, why are you here?
In both cases you wish you took it out a few seconds earlier.
"Don't ask don't spell."
Chooter
You boil the hell out of it. 
A pao-erful change
They act too paowerful
With a special interest group, or evidence of a sex scandal.
Nothing, it's just a website.
Most men couldn't find it. 
Your camera.
He was on a summer retreat!
All 0 of it.
Dino-mite.
Pao! Pao!
Pao!
Didn't he know Romney was made in Mexico?
Reddit.
General Knowledge
[This post was removed]
Pao! Edit: Whoa, FP   gold. Thank you! 
Dew diligance
Still waiting to hear back from an admin.
It was a black berry...

A dick-tater.
Hell   bad people
An Amish drive-by shooting 
They both search around Uranus for Klingons
The unfairway
Valleys that have fallen out after an argument.
Because he always plays with Pooh.
It mistbehaved
A beer.
No? Not surprised, they don't have any gigs yet.
Because he was a child of da'force 
It's a little irony
You haven't? Weird. They are really making headlines.
Little Seizures.
Don't worry, they'll tell you.
I usually put bread in a toaster.
Jihaaaad
A man came across a giant and a midget in a bar. How did you get so tall?" a man asked the giant who replied, "I eat what's right." The man then turned to the midget to enquire, "How did you get so short?" bringing the reply of, "I eat what's left." 
RAWR!
shar pei
The Fourth of "Jew"-ly!!
A quarter-pounder with cheese.
The banana gets in the way. Banana split
2 meteres below. Stoneater the Green would eat it.
Stoneater the Green.
They always worry about the worst case!
Because he's dead.
A riddle.
Because he doesn't exist.
Lice
Because he got cold feet.
Cause she's got no arms. Knock Knock.  Who's there? Not Sally.
GRRRRRAAAAAIIIINNNNNSSSS
Miav. 
Because someone threw a fridge at her....
Because he loves blue tits.
Drop the base.
Five.  It's a huge problem.
Everywhere.
A tropical fruit.
Clogs
It's not hard
He did crossfit.
Because you didn't ask him what band he's in.  
Because it's such a bonne idée.
Because bears don't go to college.
Don't take me for granite!
His will
A big red sports car.
An investigator.
They don't have the right to bare arms
Because she's a woman.
Five… six… seven… eight!
To get to the other side. Ba dum tssshh 
Greece doesn't have default settings!
Because they can't stop hitting themselves. This joke came to me while I was half asleep this morning. I'm not sure how original it is. I probably heard some variation of it somewhere and have just forgotten. Any suggestions for improving it?
Liam Nissan 
A free-LOTR
A Hot Cross Bunny
He drank coffee before it was cool...
A cab.
7-1. (world cup)
A murka 
Banned from 
Pro boner
A pilot you racist bastard. 
Come on then you  !
because he kneaded a poo.
A cheetah
Right now about $2.55 AUD.
Greece.
Because they are insects.
"Oh no! I've got on the Rhombus!" 
THIS ISN'T EVEN MY FINAL FORM!
Velocity
Toothless methheads give better $3.50 blowjobs
A quarter pounder with cheese
A: Whats this new apple product I keep hearing about? B: Which one? A: the I-sis
A: Lend it to Greece.
Because they weren't period-appropriate!
With Barnacles (bar nickels)
It's 5 o'cluck somewhere.
Father's Day.
To the Allahu Akbar 
Taxi Vader
To get to the other side.
Jason's ¡Dale!
ISITH
an explosive punchline
Hoe! Hoe! Hoe!
A rip-off. 
You tell him you've kidnapped his mother and that you want $5000 for her release, but when he comes  just tell him it was a prank.
Meat Pattie 
His medical license was doctored.
Daytrogen.
A stick.
The little boy didn't secretly hope one day the wolf would show up.
Because they didn't have movie theaters back in the 1800's.
They both know "what a girl wants" and "what a girl needs".
Judgemental
My dick as I watch you through them


Nice belt
She had no arms.
They're screwed up.
Untrustable
All the space heaters are on earth!
The dock.
The Milky Hue.
Bob.
Because red blue green. 
BECAUSE IT'S WORTH IT!!!
A Dollar
Seems like every other blog has a 'Trigger Warning.'  
Tell her you refuse to allow her to make you a sandwich.
Cover me, I'm going in..
Cats have claws at the end of their paws, and a comma is a pause at the end of a clause.
Because it's worth it.
A condescending condescending!
Nice tits, bitch.
couldn't hurt.
Marriage. Because it's not just a word, it's a fuckin' sentence.
Because he would only do the   minimum?
"Pasta la vista, baby."
A: They're both empty from the neck up.
Nothing, it just waved... Thank you, than you.... I'm here all week
An Amish with a tool, you know that's unheard of.
Her geography teacher's cock.
Tan lines.
An elefanatic, of course.

Everywhere.

Because they'll crack up anyways
with an en croissant
I don't know, I just fly the drone  Edit/apology: My friend said this to me, I thought I should share with you all, he said that I could post it here. 5 minutes later he told me he found it on reddit.... I'm sorry all.
Dev Patel.
They have love handle's not hate handle's
Yeah, they tried each other. 
The Ford Siesta Many thanks to   for that one.
Roundup, because it kills the  !
HAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY
Maybe Jesus was Gay? All this time he was actually saying "Ah, men!"
She went to the battered women's shelter
Guesu
For drizzle.
The Loki cokey.
People like pizza
No cubs :)
I can't jelly my cock up your ass
because I don't love you anymore.
Because they love to eat out.
They are both ment for boys but in the end it's the men who plays with them
Because it had to Twinkle.
He Baghdad so he could Bangkok
A Juan man army...
[deleted]
Apparently it was a black-thai do.
A golfer goes   fuck... A skydiver goes FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU- 
Society
Patels
You do all the work and a fat guy in a suit gets all the credit.
Fucking a monkey! Beastiality is still illegal in most states!
She is trans-parent.
Homeless
Anyone can mash potatoes!
"Cait Plus 8-inches."
Because if they went with the first syllable it would have been called Tyranny. 

These used to be sort of popular, and I can only find this as an example: "Show me a man with a nub for an index finger, and I'll show you a man that asked Chuck Norris to 'Pull my Finger'". I think this sub can do better than that. Does anyone out there have some good "show me a..." jokes?! :)

Because they have all of the anthers!
Israeli funny
A Mubarack
Feminists can't change anything.
Damnit! Now I'm going to have to sieg HAIL a cab!
Because their pecker is on their face.
Hose B
Little Caesars.
A pizza doesn't scream when you break it in 8.
Ginseng khan I am in a silly mood.  Have a good day
Both are feeling a little butt hurt after yesterdays decision.
As long as it takes to   it!
A good start.
A subturban!
Ask them to pronounce 'unionized.'
Oops.
Anyone can roast beef.
Meatlovers.
Klondike
Why do cow wear bells .......???? Because their don't work :D :P
Little Ceasars
Boo you whore
Sherlock, Holmes.
A fruit Ninja 
Once fucking someone and the other one if fucking someone over
An electron
Hispanic attacks.
What does a Pirate say on his 80th Birthday? Aye Matey!
Grass. I lied about the wheels. 

Up his sleevies
Well, the flags a big plus. edit: FUCK meant Switzerland
Napalm
Praystation
To get to the other bride!
It takes a lot more thyme to accomplish.
Swiper no swiping!! 
She had a 19" rack.
Freedom Rings.
Ten-ants
Cancer :)
A kleptomaniac!
To get to the middle.
The father says, "Ok son, firstly go ask your mother if she would have sex with George Clooney for a million dollars, then ask your sister if she would sex with Brad Pitt for a million dollars, and lastly ask your brother if he would sleep with Brad Pitt for a million dollars." The boy goes to his mother and the answer she gives is, "of course I would have sex with George Clooney for a million dollars." The boy goes to his sister and she says, "of course I would have sex with Brad Pitt for a million dollars." Finally, the boy goes to his brother and his brother says "yeah I suppose I would have sex with Brad Pitt for a million dollars, that is a lot of money." The boy goes back to his father and reports back what everyone has said to him. The father says, "well son hypothetically we are sitting on three million dollars right now. Realistically we live with two whores and a faggot."
Fo jizzle.

A Chew-Chew Train!  Side note, I have cheesy jokes for days.
Deep ends really.
A slip of the tongue and you're in for some shit. 
Doesn't matter, still born.
A jew, his donkey and chicken; where traveling in Tabriz for possible future establishment.  Before he arrives to the city he sees a young man on the side of the rode, curios the jew was an wanted to test the wit of the people of Tabriz before arriving, he asks the boy. "Young man I have a dollar, I am hungry, and i have to also feed my livestock, how do I do this with a dollar?" The young man responded quickly, "buy a melon." The jew questions, "a melon?" "Yes a melon, you sir eat the melon, the seeds the chicken will eat, and the melon shell to the donkey." Astounded by the answer the jew turns around away from the city muttering, " this town is intellectual for my liking."
Because 789
You tell me and we'll both know.
Mouthwash.
All those spikes hurt his hands
In the beginning there's a lot of sucking and blowing but then she takes half your house
Because it ran out of juice
Just ask for the "What Would Jesus 'Do!"
Stephen Walkin
I-ran ;)
Pol Potting mix.
Cross Country
You don't want to look down, in either case.
Christian Bale. 
Because he didn't want his daughters to be called Ms. Steaks.
When you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep.
Cry me a peninsula.
Your feet aren't empty.
An Italian sub!
A crippled homo.
Telling your parents that you are a faggot!
The placement of the dirt bag.
Give him a couple of test-tickles.
How many South Americans does it take to screw in a light bulb? A Brazilian!
Because they reject setian. 
9/11 beams
It's more fun to break wind
Dis cunt.
One can actually support a family.
It was a bit buggy.
50 Cent feat. Nickelback

A butt plug (but why? you ask)
Dora. She has like everything in her backpack.
Christian Bale
To buy some quack croakaine!
I don't see a raisin why not.
Do you want another one?
The execution. 
You can unscrew the light bulb.  - Steve Martin, "My Blue Heaven"

A jalapinup

It helps with division.
He didn't want to get hippothermia.
You put a piece of wire in her and if you feel pulling she is indeed pregnant.
I dont know, but it sure as hell can pick apples.
Toss them a basketball and ask them to read it.
No it was with her knife
Because they really suck.
"I'm Crossed."
Watch the Dagobah
An Amish drive-by shooting.
A new teacher was trying to make use of her psychology courses. She started her class by saying, "Everyone who thinks they're stupid, stand up!" After a few seconds, Little Johnny stood up.  The teacher said, "Do you think you're stupid, Little Johnny?" "No, ma'am, but I hate to see you standing there all by yourself!"
Because their job is draining.
Between you and me, something smells
Their personality.
A 
A Roamin' Catholic
He didn't have a leg to stand on.
An elephant rolling down a hill with a daisy in its mouth!
in their sleevies 
To get to the other side.
tip!
The punchline
One is a fantastic display of cunning stunts while the other is a fantastic display of stunning cunts
because i wanna see your amiiboobs.
Last time I checked I was 15, and that was 10 years ago! 
They were s !
Credit: Stephen Wright
Most say the letter 'R' But a pirates first love is the mighty 'C' By the mighty 'C' I mean the clitoris YARRRRHHHHHhhh.....
If it is a regular fight, give the painkiller to the loser. If it is a fight to the death, the winner gets the painkiller.
It's a bit of a low blow...
Oh my god. I'm Friesian!
Said every dog ever.
Ronald Weasley: An invisibility cloak 
A C3POpian
He was Kim Jong Il
Rich... Also an ambulance.
Gorillas in the mist
Raid
A Jehovah's Witness.
ALOHA SNACKBAR 
They didn't...!
Lets go ride bikes.
They both contain locked up loonies!
Ask them to pronounce "LATEX"
Telling your parents you're gay.
To the concentration camps. 
A quadriplegic chimney sweep.
They both suck without Cream.
Potato quality
Mass zooicide.
It happened once in a Blue Moon
Because the cops will arrest them

He was a Jehovah's Wheatness
A Union Jack.
Robin Williams. 
About 5 miles per hour.
He flies a kike.
the advocado
Little Caesars!
A Cheetah.
The grass tickles their balls.
Something you throw at wabbits when you haven't got your wifle.
Absolutely!

An Iran-asaurus!
-In the garden. -But I don't see her.  -Oh, you just have to dig a little.
-Both of them can sniff "the goods" but no one can touch !
.. if they are black, you have nothing to eat!
Miscarriage
Ewe, ewe got what I neeeeeed.
Say "hey, you Canadians! Get out of that swimming pool!"
Neither did he.
The grape depression.
Because a Lannister always pays his debts.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eye deer. What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no eye deer. What do you call a deer with no eyes, no legs and no genitals? Still no fucking eye deer.
A So-be-it.
Manumission
Sol.
Gainsboro.
Slothages.
Because they're different cultures.
Nun
Carlos
Naan Violence
C-Eh?-N-Eh?-D-Eh?
Not John Wilkes Booth!

Tennish
Because if it had 4 doors, it would be a chicken sedan!
Kermits finger
Paint yourself green and throw forks at her.

He had to take a sheet. 
They both have dead walkers.
It's not hard
It turns out that their landlord was the lessor to two evils. 
Two wee chaps
I'll give you a hint... Take the "F" out of "free" and the "F" out of "way".
The sex is the same but the dishes start piling up.
The woman. 
Job still sucks after 5 years.
A Wife, being the Romantic Sort, sent her Husband a text: "If you are sleeping, send me your Dreams.  If you are laughing, send me your Smile.  If you are eating, send me a Bite.  If you are Drinking, send me a Sip.  If you are Crying, send me your Tears. I LOVE YOU!" The Husband, Typically Unromantic, Replied, "I am in the Toilet. Please advise..".
Circumsized
They were on a roll
The tip! 
And was it in anyway responsible for the death of FPH.
Another time.
Fucking eh's.  I'll see myself out. 

Because it was a kangaroo court.
He didn't understand Flossophy!
Because I can offer you the missionary position.
Not today.
Because you're a bitch.
Canada. Sry if you're offended, but if you are the Internet is not the place for you. Yea as soon as I posted this I realized the Grammar mistake, and gosh it's just a joke don't take it so seriously.
K9P
Quinoa & Kale
The power goes out.
It's a rottweiler. 
An orbital sander
Nacho cheese 
Light blue
Grand Theft Gelato
None
Because you never sitty down!
I don't want to be Obama self.
Full.
Relatively few
He oh...
Because all the good female athletes play in men's leagues. Thank you, thank you.
Women's rights.  Sorry if this has been posted before.
A Crook Granny's Nooky Cranny!
Light stopped having mass
In the far left corner!
A necrophiliac. 
Up is the Y-axis relative vertical direction opposed to down.
A Bassturd. 
Reposts are allowed. 
Just because ICANN.
It's not my fault I'm blind.
Frank Sriracha
Your friends took it outside to play. They're cracking walnuts.
Triple, eh?
They're stuck up bitches.
Because it would be eel-eagle!
Because they completely hate the French press. (Reposted) 
Your aim.
A Heblew.
Carlos
He was hijacking it.

To get stoned
Pump kin.

A vegetarian doesn't like meat in their mouth.
Cause bush did 9/11
Because it saw Lena Dunham on the other side. 
A quack-head.
The caust
You wait here, I'm going to go on a head. 
Because those who can't teach and those who do do.
foreign change 
Ten Tickles
The Battery has a positive side.
I thought he was inflatable.
Wiped his ass.
I'll tell you later. 
None
Don't. It was critically panned.
If you were forced to have it as a kid, you'll hate it as an adult.
Punch her in the face. 
The Boston marathon finish line.
It's like a really obscure number you have probably never heard of.
Michael Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmichael 
You can type it with one hand.
Why the fuck would a blind man need a light bulb?
Because netizens were showing shallow sympathy for #YulinDogMeatFestival on the other side.
No, but he had a great Fall.
A rip-off
A hand grenade.
Because mathematicians in Ancient Greece couldn't get no irrational fraction . . . 
Are you sure?  It contains spoilers!
It went by pretty FAST!
Double 07.
Nobody knows yet.
Mount Rushmore.
Actually nevermind. It may spread
One is a mob of crazed, gun-toting, raving psychotics with radical political viewpoints who rove around with surplus American military gear, inspire acts of mass-murder, and dictate terms to a public that wants nothing to do with them, and the other is... Uhh, wait a minute...
A Cantleope
ground beef. what do you call a cow with three legs? lean beef. what do you call a cow with two legs? your mother.
You have to drop the bomb twice
Halfway
An ironic paradox.
Both hate when people stick beef between two buns.
BECAUSE HE WAS USING A BANANA FOR SCALE
Walnuts. What do you call two nuts on your chest? Chestnuts. What do you call two nuts on your chin? A dick in your mouth.
Anna Bolika
The sign in the window advertised "Little Boys Pants Half Off!"
His wife   him out.
He tried to work it out with a slide rule.
They woke him up, he's fine.
Orange Jews. 
Boysenberries
A tennis match between Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder
Because it doesn't even lift.
Mud Flaps
Because the free pizza wouldn't
Ass seen on TV.
Because they give them gas.
He got roasted!
A widow. 
Def Leppard
After the big day, its balls are the first thing to come off.
She was a woman! And it wasn't until 1920 when the 19th Amendment was ratified. At this point she was 40 years old and could vote.
11 is a prime number.
A prose-titute.
Tulips on your organ.
It...um...it was a pretty good one.
A bunch of prostitutes wanted to start a labor union.
Because it doesn't even lift.
Tulips on an Organ. 
Batman can go to a store without robin.
So we'll know which jokes are One-liners,short,long,punny,and anti-humor 
Blow up dolls.
It's what comes to mind when they think of the word facial. 
Exactly like red paint!
Bukkake.
HeHe
Because of all the resistance training
Mine!
I can't jelly my dick up your ass
Their GPA drops
No, it Cantelope.
They didn't get hit by Terrorists. 
They kill my dog.
Swallow the leader. 
Chopsticks
With a Pao Wow.
Kevin Nash

Concentrated orange Jews.
Marry her. 
They're mostly Julys. 
It's 'cause they're the only ones who are koalafied.  Aaaaaaahahahahahahahakickmeinthenuts.
They got Napoleon Blownapart! Happy 200th Anniversary of Waterloo everyone! 
I don't know, I just fly the drones. 
A: Conetiquette
3. One to unscrew the light bulb and screw a new one on another one to operate the crane and a third one to say when the chicken is ready.
For the watch..
a faguette
Typical. What do you call an angry white man? Active shooter.
He likes to keep it pretty Lo-key
Through Frodosynthesis
Bizon  Joke by:   
It's mentioned in the very first line of the U.S. National Anthem. 
a woman with her daughter were chatting when the grandmother came in. The mother was saying : "i can take it til the the first third then it becomes really hard for me." The daughter said :"well, i can stand the first half only then i can't take it anymore" The grandmother replied : "even if he goes balls deep i wont feel a thing" they both look at her with a WTF look and the mother say "uh. mom.. we're talking about Ramadan"
Your sister's hymen. 
Because Donald ducked.
Tolkien.
She didn't want six inches of snow all year long. 
... To get to your house. Knock Knock The chicken!
I'm not Willy Nelson
He thinks it's funny how the Knight moves.
Benoit B. Mandelbrot
None.
A fsh! Aaand I'm out
Why did the house cross the road, One of the most difficult to solve cross the road jokes, I'll give the answer when you all give.
Where The Wildlings Are
Listening to an antijoke.
I dough know. 
He wanted a well balanced meal.
Kermit's finger. 
So they won't roll out of bed.
See senior. 
Because no one wants them.
God is the answer.
Neither. It was a tie-die.
They don't believe in the concept of a selfie.
Paintball
He got "uge" 
Periodically, on the table. 
Windows 7 8 9.
He broke his nose. 
He couldn't get passed the Olly
UnawareWolf
At a fist pump.
Shoot the guy driving the cardboard box.
For the crotch.
Oh yeah.
It always spoils the GoT.
Valhalla.
Do you guys have any good jokes to share with people?
He breaks his nose.
I don't wanna be Obama self. P.S. I know, it was super cheesy.
Peaches and Krim
Dust pan and brush
Cause you can turn the tables from 45 to 33. 
Unfortunately he never made it out of the minors and into the bigs.
For the watch
That's right. Fired. ;)
Beat it. We’re closed.
5/3. The same amount as for whites. 
Because the 'P' is silent.
A bullet.  I apologize if that joke was aimed for a younger audience. I love Sandy Hook jokes, they never get old. Just like those children.
Just one, but the lightbulb has to want to change. 
I gotchu covered.
The Continental OP.
A blender! How do you get them out? Nacho chips!
Nothing.
He's her ex-terminator
Apparently all of the admins made the fat content too high.
I'll tell you later. 
Christopher Walken
None, they'll just beat the room for being black
Three. One to screw it in, one to pour the wine, and one to say 'marvelous, simply marvelous!'
George R. R. Martin.
You'd have to be dead to miss it!
Because they are constantly butt-hurt.
A man walked into a zoo and was asked by a stranger to identify a particular snake.  He responded.  "Do I look like a herpetologist?".  To which the stranger replied " Herpetologist. Paleontologist. Urologist.  Oncologist.  Proctologist.  In the end you are just a gist" Thanks for your help.  I want to use it and I am not sure if it works.  If not can you help me out?  
For the watch.
It transmists H.I.V
At 69 she always gets a frog in her throat.
They both can be stabbed multiple times and not die...
Okay, you start it.
The pricks are on the outside of the porcupine.
Because they're ugly and they smell.
Donald trumps presidential candidacy. 
It takes more than one hipster to push the black people out of a neighborhood.
Because Ken came in another box.
In the spaghetto
Well it can be hard sometimes
Ant holes
A pick pocket snatches watches
Two letters.
Why did the condom fly across the room? It was pissed off.
Ja! Beiherhund das Oder die Flipperwaldt gersput!
If you break a leg, you get cast
Everything, given enough time
Because They're the bomb
A decoi
Thank you, Bruce really needed those botox to make his wife and daughters as beautiful as he is
A guy will actually search for a golf ball.
He'll stop at nothing to avoid them. 
He heard they had PIE.
that was until yo momma got thirsty.
A churro.
One shucks between fits and the other fucks between shits.
A cluckold.
None. Hippies screw in vans.
Because whenever they get a corner they open a shop !
Because they can only semi retire. 
For the halibut.
Because it was pissed off.
Because of the eclipse
Politics.
For the good of the watch.
The lumberjack has a job.
National Dyslexic Association
He doesn't know why they're beating him to death
We're both constantly penetrating your mom 
He played many more pieces.
A chicken tender.
Go straight for the juggler.
My extra chromosome. 
Q: What is the tallest building in the entire world?  A: The library, because it has so many stories.
baroque
An ambulance. 
... They're really good at it.
Bissell
Virgin Mobile
The best ones clean up after themselves
"See you next month."
I didn't even know they were Catholic!
12 months not just february!
SUPPLIES!
Fitting in.
Obviously more than four, because it's still dark as fuck in here.
Its asshole.
A bowl of ramen noodles is actually ready in 5 minutes.
A young polar bear goes up to his mum and asks (stuttering)  'Mum, a.a..am I a gen..gen...genuine p..polar bear?' The mum replies  'Of course you are son. You have polar bear claws, polar bear nose, polar bear fur. Of course you are a genuine polar bear.' 'T.t..thanks mum' The young polar bear then goes up to his dad. 'Dad, a.a..am I a gen..gen...genuine p..polar bear?' The dad replies  'Of course you are son. You have polar bear claws, polar bear nose, polar bear fur. Of course you are a genuine polar bear. Why would you even ask?' The young polar bear replies 'We..well d..d..dad, be..be..because I'm f..f...fucking freezing!'
Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant dead ant dead aaaant, dead ant
Hippies don't screw in light bulbs, they screw in tents.
A Navy pilot, asshole.
Michael Phelps can actually finish a race
Turn down for what? 
Moby's Dick
You have to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it.
Fifty Shades of Black
It cracked.
Most likely a thrift store or Urban Outfitters, TBH.
Because they can't count to 
No matter how hard you try, you're eventually going to press your tongue to it. 
Jello-us
A dic-tater.
They literally can't even.
Or as he's known there, 400 billion dollars.
A watermeloncollie.
Decaffeinated coffee
He still hasn't found what he's looking for.
blue paint
5 minutes solo. Meh.
He drank his coffee   it was cool. :-)
Because Satan has more politicians to help him.
Fe-mail
On some of them you actually have a voat
So the Germans can march in the shade.
He was caught beating the egg
He was Stalin.
Because it's the first Indy movie.
Ayy lmao
An alligator in a vest.
My dick.
Because he wore a scarf before it was cool.
You made the chain too long in the kitchen.
Hebrews it.
My name would be "Dad" and my power would be  ...
Why does a dog lick its butt?  To get the taste of dog food out of its mouth.
A waist of time...
They can't find the body. 
He rocks at 
Microsoft Paint
The cow jumped over the moon.
Too bad he never cries.
SUNY
Bernie. 
Little.
let's have sex
a 'fan'atic. 
Ba-na-na-na-na-na-na-na
1 in 50 million has a chance of becoming a human being.
Look for the fresh prints.
A Beemer.
Nah, that's bullshit. There are no streets in Siberia.
Because it follows the path of least resistance.
The pilot was a loaf of bread
Cantaloupe
An order for two large plains.
Because in charge of the numbers, Yoda was
yo mama
A grape punch line
'Elephino!
Corduroy pillows 
For fingering a minor.
ad homonym
Because they're unfair.
He once tried to jump 50 black mean on a steamroller.
He had no leg to stand on.
he came outta nowhere
the execution EDIT: This literally blew up! RIP my inbox
Because she's better at being a woman than most women are.
Get in the Batmobile Robin.
And the answer is, 'Knee'
Its toothbrush dear dirty minded people.. 

A huge disappointment.  Edit: give me a T!
TransRachel - credit Jennie
Turns out he survived by running all the way to the end until he was all pooped out!
Because he saved the studios a ton of money on special effects. Thank you Mr. Lee for so many great films.  We will miss you and your magical performances.
The safety. 
I'll let you guess first before I tell you...
He has to Breddit
Me: You put a check in the dryer? Don't you know money laundering is illegal?
Its hips.
A small medium at large!
and why do all these reggae artists keep talking about wanting to burn him. 
A stroke of luck.
Swim down and knock on the hatch. (In Sweden we have a running tradition of telling jokes about stupid norwegians. They do the same about swedes)
Poseidon: "Sea, Señor!"
A MissUnderstanding!
Progress. 
He drove a Ford.
Apparently she's a former Miss Teen USA.
A video game so realistic, when you screw up you have to play in a wheelchair.  
Violet
Because there's a Giant fan in every seat.
"I can see my shelf"
Mace.
Because prison showers aren't very good...
Her peas
That's how you set the bar high.
an Envelope  EDIT: My deepest Canadian apologies to those who are calling this a riddle. I always took it as a cheesy joke
Whats the point? 3rd wave feminists can't take a joke anyway.
It has no class.
An ISIS member's dick.
Real numbers having period are rational.
Unmeasurable.
Captain's log.
Dey both sinna, mon!
It is because they listen to their motherboard.
[deleted]
The fisherman shucks between fits.
Walking.
Well who held his wings back?   Oldie but a goodie from my grandpa.

Disaster
Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fell out of a window
The Muppets
'cause roosters got no hands
Pretty much the same as anyone else.
About 6 garbage bags and 30 gallons of formaldehyde.
I store them in migranary.
Yeah, but you've probably never heard it before.
Two. One to screw in the lightbulb and another to sing about all the good times they had with the lightbulb. 
They performed unspeakable acts on her.
Because there are already too many targets.   (credit: some old veteran bum looking guy sleeping on a bench at the police station I went to today.)
Bruce Banner  
...you give it ten tickles
To see the idiot. Knock knock The chicken...
It runs in your jeans.
Everything
He's a blacksmith
A: Comet
May I push your stool in?
喲媽媽這麼胖

With a cow-culator!  (Rimshot)
Reaching around and pretending it went all the way through
Because the pilot was a loaf of bread. (my wife tells this joke to everyone and no one but me has ever laughed)
They climate.
Gillette.
[This post has been banned for your protected - Ellen Pao]      

Ponzi Buddy
Get in the Batmobile.
Because they keep falling through the holes in his hands.
Fur-nication! 
The pilot. 
To get to the other side.
"Hey, put that thing back in your trousers!"
Ellen Pao
No idea.
When you can't.
Because they are preparing a stink bomb
"No, she has a  "
They both love Pujols
He got no customers because his sign said, "Looking for staff, a pie within."
Tthhhhhhh
Dress her up like an alter boy. 
Exactly where you left it.
A web designer.
Multitasking.
Get your drunk ass off the merry go round
A roamin' Catholic 
I have no idea, but it was probably NOT Z.
Cocky
...everywhere.......
They've already announced the title: "P.S. I Got 'Eem".
I would never let a garbanzo bean in my mouth.
Because one nun follows the other nun to make sure that nun doesn't get none.
Heres a hint: It's not C!
...everywhere.......
Because it's too cubed!
iWood.
Because they only wanted to get a little drunk.
Debby Downer 
An eyesaur
Twin. Because the husband has to sleep on the couch. 
Cancer
He was pawly.  I'm sorry. I'll see myself out.
He's a mean medium, Moe, with range.
A wind tunnel.
"Closed for Winter".
Eating a manda-out.
Yoko Ono.
Use a homophone.
Their spaceships Netherland.
penal tea edit: to someone
It's so good, you'd say it was a-maize-ing 
Where is my tractor?
Their last big hit was The Wall...
because she's pissed.
Filet minYAWN
A rake
Answer: 
He didn't get a good knight's leap. Wakka wakka!
Underdeveloped photos.
A man was at a bar when a beautiful woman walked up to him to say hello. He asks her name to which she says Jane. She asked his name, he said, Ra Ra Ra Ra Ra Fa fa fa fa fa el el el el el el. "Oh, I'm sorry I wasn't aware you had a speech impediment!" she says to him. "Oh my no, I speak just fine. My father was the one with the speech impediment. The person who registered me was just a son of a bitch!"
They are always a bit METEOR! 
A: Senator.
Why does Chuck Norris have a lot of jokes but Bruce Lee doesn't? Because Bruce Lee is no joke... 
Stephen Hawking
Zero. They don't exist.
I'm 100% sure she's on birth control.

Raisin' Bran.
Pork in a roll. (At least I'm trying)
"The Baconator"
A French pig goes, "Oui! Oui! Oui!" all the way home.
Mrs. Pac-Man, for 25c she swallowed balls until she died
Arrrginine
Marque and reprisal.
You don't look like you could take a joke.
the captain's log
So black people remember they were cotton pickers before they were drug dealers.
They always swallow.
They both fly around Uranus looking for Klingons' s
Husband: Darling you are my Queen of Spades.
A belly button.
a GUMMY BEAR.
"Get Jurassic over here!"
BONE JOVI!!!!!!!
A cucumber.  edit: words
A cease and desist.
One to masturbate, one to moan.
inFUHRERiated.
Wedding cake
Well well well.....
Dogs have owners, cats have staff.
Cancer
His ears! Yes, this is a real joke I got from a Laffy Taffy wrapper today, not 30 years ago.  I did not laugh. 
Decomposing.
A man walks into a bedroom and sees a hot, naked woman lying face-down on the bed. Q:  What's his name? A:  Willie Turner Q:  What's   name? A:  Betty Will
Pink fluff!!!
Splash damage 
The cow has the udder.
Hee Lan To
"Together, we can stop this shit."
Pull off the ring and the house is gone.
they have too many ohms to be good conductors.
How'd you get between their tiny little legs?
Sikhs.
He woke up.
Send Matt Damon
If you leave the yogurt for 100 years alone, it develops a culture.
Come on, he wasn't that bad.
Did you hear about that group of midgets suing the local bar? Yeah, they were upset with how short the stools were. The judge threw out the case, though; told them they were grasping at straws.
A racist. :) xxx
They both come in hot and wet and 
Square root of 81
It's already run out of battery.
They wash themselves. 
You put floss over his eyes.
Because they want to prevent plaque build-up.
Because their eggs stinked!
He had his reservations.
Because they chew balls. 

...it doesn't matter, he isn't going to come anyways.
Lil' Confidence
Because your really loud and fucking annoying.
Because you have to urn them.
A Horse.
Dill dough.
Can I hold your hand hand hand hand?
Friend 1: Why did the chicken cross the road? Friend 2: To get to the idiot's house. Friend 1: Knock knock  Friend 2: Who's there? Friend 1: The chicken
A putable bond 
Reddit: Re-Downvote Downvote it.
Beauty. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.  
Doyouthinkhesaurus

It is now a parent. 
AN AMERICAN! YOU GET AN AMERICAN!
Girl, we used to be so tight until we let some dick come between us.
A whored
Because his daddy was a mummy
A TACK
Doppelwangers
Because the "p" is silent!
now museum, now you don't
What's the square root of sixty-nine? Eight-something!
A B&B
I heard the advice he gives is enlightning!
Because 7 ate 9. Credit to a guy I work with. 
A carrot.
They revived to much XP 👌
Because she's always drinking from the coup de Grace. (This was my sister's favourite joke when we were kids. Once our mum flipped out on a long car journey because she told it too many times).
"Umami!"
A lecture.
Udder destruction 
Delightful
Because there's nothing wong with it.
You BOTH eat  -booty! 

I've never had a garbanzo on my face.
Refraction of sunlight in raindrops
Because it wasn't born yesterday!
Beating his meat.
Sunni side up at first. But they always end up scrambled. 
Pocahontas pokin' Hans tits
The have big staffs 
wear a condm.
Popeye got pissed.
Radish
A condescending con descending.
Uncle bens rice 
Harry made it out of the chamber.
If it's evil, a Deceptigone. If not, an Autobottomoftheocean Shamelessly stolen from 
Pop corn. Get it? like e.g, pop stars
One of them doesn't throw a fit when triggered.
I've never paid to have a lentil on me.
They can both bring out the child from within.
After a couple of spliffs.
His attempts to cure it were  .
A  !
K.
Two whales in a pod!
"I don't wanna be obama self."
Of chorus.
A man called his local animal control as he was walking through the woods- Animal Control: Thanks for calling, how can we help you? Man: I was walking through the woods and I found a suitcase in the bush, and inside was a Fox and 4 cubs. Animal Control: Oh no, thats terrible. Are they moving? Man: I don't know to be honest, but that would explain the suitcase.
Def Leppard.
Im working on it.
Oh that's right it hasn't come out yet.
North Koreans have no Seoul.  Thought of this very early in the morning waiting to board a plane.
"Gee U Knit!"
He puts his foot down.
he relished it 
For resisting a rest.
Because he may Pikachu
Because it didn't have a spoon! (Courtesy of my three year old daughter.)
He was infact a   old.
I don't really know, but I think it will run pretty shitty
Gingervitus.
Pick it up and suck its dick!
A Conquistador! 
He worked it out with a pencil.
Pumpkin Pi
You look for the fresh prints.
I don't wanna be Obama self
Five on one.
A condescending con descending. 
An Army of Juan
If left for 400 years, the yoghurt will develop a culture.
Because its head it so far away from its body
They are probably in better shape than you. 
You get a tardy grade. (  that explains the joke if you don't get it.)
A Fall Out Boy.
Because William shat on her.
With the rising cost of inflation he couldn't afford it anymore.
They didn't have ships in common.
Ten- tickles FTW! 
"I do."
Well its been 2 whole years; Rick and him are still going strong
Shake'n bake.
High wasted shorts!
He had only one eye, but two pupils!
Too many frames.
Leon-itis.
He got off on the wrong foot
Uncles
Uncle bens rice
Uncle bens rice
Dix Neuf
He wanted more Monet in his wallet. 
He could never finish a race.
Because they always come before it's cool.
The accused
A bee flying backwards
Because he caught everything bear handed!
Uncle bens rice
Matisse hurt!
Nobelium
an adadictomy.
It was out of tuna...
Just one, but first they have to sit in the dark for a year and then get letters from two electricians giving them permission.
They tried to onionize.
Suture self!
She was heels over head for him!
"Girls just iguana have fun".
A five year old boy and his grandfather are sitting on the front porch together, when grandpa pulls a beer out of a cooler. the little boy asked,  "Grandpa, can I have a beer?" Grandpa replied, "Can your dick touch your ass?"  The little boy answered no.  Grandpa said "Then you're not man enough to have a beer."  A little later Grandpa lights up a cigar. The little boy asked, "Grandpa,  can I have a cigar?" Once again, Grandpa asked, "Can your dick touch your ass?" The little boy answered no, again. Grandpa said, "Then your not man enough to have a cigar." A little later, the little boy came out of the house With a cookie.  Grandpa asked, "Can I have a cookie?"  The boy asked "Can your dick touch your ass?"  Grandpa replied, "Hell yeah my dick can touch my ass!" The boy replied,  "Then go fuck yourself, Grandma made these cookies for me."
A Brazilian.
You get a certificate for showing you can do it and hope to god you never have to do it again
They screw children, not light bulbs.
While traveling in Mali a local explained to me why animals on the road all react in a different way. Maybe it's the same in other countries, but I don't know. One day, Cow wanted to take the bus home from work. He gave the bus driver some bills, got his change and got out at home. The next day, Goat also took the bus home. He didn't have any money so he told the bus driver he would get the money form home when they arrived. When they got there the goat exited the bus and quickly ran laughing. The after that, Dog also took the bus. Thinking about how he was scammed yesterday, the bus driver told him he had no change for his bills but would be right back. Dog waited and waited, but the bus never came back. This is explains why a cow on the road won't move for the bus: it has no business with the driver. Goats will always run away, as they are afraid the driver will demand his money. Dogs are the opposite: they will come from all over the village to chase the bus, trying to get their money.
Both! Now get in the fucking van.
Slowly.
Timbr
A nose
A dickbutt.
A bird can fly but a fly can't bird.
You order a dickbutt at a gay bar.
You don't call it, you pick it up.
Because it would look ridiculous with 8 inches.
To get to the other bribe
XeNON.
Dress her up as an altar boy.

Stripper poop particles 
pepperoni and cheese…. 
So nobody will see their bare (bear) bottom!
Iran
It is not like that anywhere else.  It is not like people studying science claim that they are already scientists. Or people studying the arts say they are unemployed.
Negative one.
You can only ran, because it's past tents.
There was a guy at a bar, just looking at his drink. He stays like that for half of an hour. Then, big trouble-making truck driver steps next to him, takes the drink from the guy, and just drinks it all down. The poor man starts crying. The truck driver says, 'Come on man, I was just joking. Here, I'll buy you another drink. I just can't stand to see a man cry.' 'No, it's not that. This day is the worst of my life. First, I fall asleep, and I go late to my office. My boss is outraged and fires me. When I leave the building to go to my car, I found out it was stolen. The police said that they can do nothing. I get a cab to return home, and when I leave it, I remember I left my wallet and credit cards there. The cab driver just drives away.' 'I go home, and when I get there, I find my wife in bed with the gardener. I leave home, and come to this bar. And just when I was thinking about putting an end to my life, you show up and drink my poison.'
At the BAAAAH
It was a case of two birds one stoner
Cause she has a massive dick.
Dubstrep.
full
Guacamole.
Da Beers
Want to date hot Russians!
He writes scary stories.
apple juice
Forgive me father fore I have skinned
He was afraid his nickname would be Jockie.
I cunt hear you - scum again.
Because they are test-itch-els!
...ever seen the trail a slug leaves?
One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.
They had to remove their Blatter.
Hare you go.
Bees nuts! 
8 something.
Ask them what OP stands for.
Nine months

You can't gurgle sand.
I heard it was removed.
Because they're ugly and stink! ;)
Because he was a child molester.
Just Juan.
paddy o' furniture
He didn't want to live life without a porpoise!
She's already cancelled her wedding and reception due to lack of RSVPs.
The Polish.
Jur-ass-sick
All of them!
The Chupacabra
His pen is moving.
Because you can't have a team with only 3 champions.
Because they see typos every day.
Heist cream Got to give credit to my friend, who sadly dosent have reddit.
Because 7.. 8.. 9
Because he saw the snowblower coming 
They found his Head & Shoulders behind the couch.
Just two. One to explain to the public that everything possible is being done to solve the problem, and the other to screw the lightbulb into the water faucet.
Latvian see potato, but when cross is only secret police.
And can I bring my dog to them for a checkup?
Because she can't get rid of the Y chromosome
Hepsi!
Historically insignificant.  Full disclosure: Heard on the radio this morning on my way to work. 
Juan on juan
Because all they do is break wind. 
Mean.
ant holes
"Wanna buy some candy?"
Firmware
It's called "two and a half grams"
She works at two different strip clubs.
It's Christmas time, a father had no time to buy each of his son's a Christmas gift... So he decides to think of the quickest thing possible since it was Christmas eve. The next morning the pessimist wanders down the stairs with a blank expression while moaning, the optimist walks down the stairs with a smile and jumping with joy. The pessimist opens his gift first... He unwrapped a bucket of horseshit... The pessimist turns to his father and says what the fuck is this? While the optimist opens his present. The Optimist smiling and jumping with joy turns to his father and says... So daddy where is my pony!?  
They hold an erection...
You can beat an egg, but you can't beet a root!
You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets it.
Don't look I'm changing
The Hanbook
You have toupee

The refridgegator.
Attire 
So she can moan with the other.
A Cantaloupe. 
He got a handful of sheet.
There's already a clock on the stove
Porcupines have pricks on the outside!
Domesticate another animal.
2 scoops ice cream 1 scoop dead baby
Corduroy.
L'Hymen! 
A Nightmare
It's the spot between your twat and shitter. 
A stroke of genius. 
National Dyslexic Association.
I don't know and I don't care
Your mom can't take a joke.
Close the lid to the dumpster. 
A  geist. Thanks! I will show myself out.
with a blender. How do you get them out? With a straw.
They seem kind of arbor-trary.
Because it's a gas planet 
A high medium low
GAAAARRRRRRRR!!! Edit: I beat ya guys to it. Ha
They could hummus a song! (I was really proud of this one.)
A family. 
Thpeaking.
And why do no rappers fuck with him?
5 minutes talk to wife.
Tagalog-tagalog-tagalog-tagalog. 
An Anne-Boleyn-ce.
They don't. They just arrest the entire room for being dark.
My throne
between 18 and 24 yrs
By firing squad.
Because men are fucking asshole
Congress.
He only had Ein Stein
Caw Caw why'd my natural habitat get replaced with 165 000 square feet of consumerist wasteland lol
you can't milk a cow for 14 years
Phlegm is mucus secreted in the airways and nasal passages during an infection or disease such as cold or flu. Catarrh on the other hand is that hot place where they bribe FIFA to give them the World Cup.
Raisin brain.
You don't.  You get down from a duck.
Texas after a drought.
Chewing gum. 
This is a stick-up.
Circumcised 
Yukon.
Steppe by steppe.
He got a taste of religion. 
Shaven, not furred
Kenny Killarney and Arny Kilkenny.
there's a big idiot between the "I" and the "Y" on the keyboard. Why don't you go and see who it is?
Virgin Mobile.
Coz I'm gonna destroy your pussy tonight
Haaaaay.
None, they arrest the room because it's black.
ALL OF THEM!!
Kern-el
Fly Curious.

Having to go inside to ask for a clothes hanger
A MAXican 
A canopy.
"Jet Fuel Don't Melt Steel Beams".
I don't have a Ferrari in my garage
NEIN-CRAFT! 
They both have meat between 7-year-old buns. 
One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean ......
It only takes one nail to hang a painting...
They both come out of France in a box. It's not even good and it's not even accurate. From Anthony Horowitz's 'The Killing Joke', a really weird book.
A boy scout comes home from camp.
1Forrest1

The Bermuda Triangle.
By swimming in their debt.
Ohm on the range
The riddle of life!
How deep is the Grand Canyon? First post please be considerate but and criticism is welcome
What are you a gay fish
Good fucking question, I need to get stronger locks for the home dungeon.
Wiped his ass.
An optimast.
Because it was  ly ill. I'll show myself out.
VINECRAFT DO IT FOR THE MINE XD
-A slow poke.
Sign language.
Because seven times seven was odd
Well a penis gets hard, but a criminal does HARD time!
She's got a pun in the oven.
A buysexual
A favorite author of mine told this joke last night at a signing.  He's from Sarajevo.  There are a lot of "Suljo & Mujo" jokes in Eastern Europe: Suljo & Mujo were life-long friends in Bosnia, but one day Suljo decided to move to the US.  After a couple years apart, Mujo decided to visit his friend in the States.   Suljo picked Mujo up from the airport in a stretched Cadilac, top of the line.  He tells Mujo "This car, Mujo, this is MY car." "Wow, this is a beautiful car.  Great job, my friend." Driving the main strip downtown, Sujlo points to a high-rise building and tells Mujo "See that building?  That's MY building."   Mujo is impressed.  "Such a great building!" he says. After some driving, they arrive at a sizable and luxurious mansion.  Suljo turns to Mujo and says "See that house?  That's MY house."  "Wow!" says Mujo.  "You must be doing very well." They park and get out of the car. When Suljo and Mujo step around to the side of the house, they get a view of the back yard.  Suljo points to the olympic-sized swimming pool in the back and says to Mujo "That pool over there... MY pool." "Amazing!" says Mujo, "Look how big it is!" Then Suljo points to a woman who is seated next to the pool.  The woman is receiving a back massage.  Suljo says to Mujo "Do you see that beautiful woman sitting next to my pool?  That dreamboat of a woman is my wife." To which, Mujo replies "But, Suljo, who is the man over there rubbing your wife's shoulders?" "Oh, that man," says Suljo, "That's me."
He's alright now.
Reese was born Witherspoon but Tyrese stole his.
Because he kept taking advice with a pinch of salt!
froid
If her ankles swell when she farts.
I just want to know the cutoff date.
I walked into an airport with two bags:   "I want this one to go to Chicago, and this one to go to Paris."   "Sir, you can't do that."   "Why not? It happened the last time."
one one appreciates good head
He-brews it
Sikhs 
A Orniggasation!
You push it
By moving the show to a "true crime" channel and calling it "18 Victims and Counting".
Fruit punch! 
Canteloupe
Cumshot
A Shih Tzu
Because he is ein Bärtiger!  The shirt should say it all. And I'm considering getting one.
Not knowing how to use a coathanger...
Robin get in the Bat mobile.
Curiosity! 
Just two, but more can join in if there's room in the lightbulb.
Your Ti"ming"!
One who could read, one who could write, and the third to watch over those two dangerous intellectuals.
With a pita pan.
You can splooge in her good eye and run away without paying.
It's because they have anty-bodies!
To get to  .
Stay here, I'll just go on ahead.
A  Dobie
The Polterheist 
Def Leppard.
I hear their bowling alleys are pretty nice. 
1) Cats do whatever they want to do and when they want.  2) They can not, and will not listen to you.  3) They're completely unpredictable.  4) They whine a lot when they are anything but happy.  5) When you want to play, they just want to be left completely alone.  6) When you want to be all alone, they want to play with you a lot.  7) They expect you to be there for their every problem  8) They're extraordinarily moody.  9) They leave their hair absolutely everywhere.  10) They drive you completely insane...  Conclusion: They are women, but with furry coats
Na . . . What about Nitrosoxide NO . . . Umm... Potassium? K..
You Don't Mess with the Gohan
It overswept.
Clear all the Jerry!
Hitler
I can sleep with a light on.
To be sure to be sure
European.
Dago through rain  Dago through mud  Dago through snow  And when Dago flat  Dago wop-wop-wop-wop...
Ask your parents.
With little Nazis

It's so funny, I'm still trying to get over it.
Pat and Mike are sitting at the bar when Pat says, "You hear they got this new bar... and you go inside and for half a buck you get a beer, a free lunch and they take you in the back room and get you laid... Mike says, "Now wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Do you mean to say there's a new bar and you go inside and for a half a buck they give you a beer, a free lunch and they take you in the back room and they get you laid?" Pat says, "That's right." "Have you ever been in the bar?" And he says, "No, but me sister has." Taken from Paul Newman in the movie 
Rasta-four-eyes
They know how to work under the hood!
Police are looking for a small medium at large. 
Put it bluntly.
Fist her in the ass.
FIFucked.
A lion woke up one morning feeling really rowdy and mean. He went out and cornered a small monkey and roared, "Who is mightiest of all jungle animals?"  The trembling monkey says, "You are, mighty lion!  Later, the lion confronts an ox and fiercely bellows, "Who is the mightiest of all jungle animals?"  The terrified ox stammers, "Oh great lion, you are the mightiest animal in the jungle!"  On a roll now, the lion swaggers up to an elephant and roars, "Who is mightiest of all jungle animals?"  Fast as lightning, the elephant snatches up the lion with his trunk, slams him against a tree half a dozen times leaving the lion feeling like it'd been run over by a safari wagon. The elephant then stomps on the lion till it looks like a corn tortilla and ambles away.  The lion lets out a moan of pain, lifts his head weakly and hollers after the elephant, "Just because you don't know the answer, you don't have to get so upset about it!"
You don't know? That's right, you   know, because you weren't there, man!
In a Putin
Because she is dead.
If your Uncle Jack was on his roof, and he wanted you to help him down, would you help your Uncle Jack off?
With Little Caesars
Because I really just want you to leave me a loan.
A jerk-off
Colonel, sir. ^ ^
For the Halibut.
so they can reuse the phone after the explosion
One is tedious, the other is "titty-our"
He becomes the Man of Steel
Annette.
Virgin Milf ( ͡͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ °)
Because they can spell it.  LOL LOL
I n c o r r e c t l y
Everywhere
because they're really fucking good at it
The farmer (this killed my 12yo brothers)
Patrick Fitzgerald and Gerald Fitzpatrick.
They're both full of seamen.
A Hillbilly
Sir Loin.
A 'pilot" you effing racist!! 
They always somehow just Klingon to it.
He is in the Nile
They run them through the Wash :(
BANANANANANANANANANANA
Issac Newton died a virgin.
Edam
It didn't work out.
A Baked Bean!
A genetically modified vegetable 
Banner.
Don't bother. It's pretty Laos-y.
The election year.
10... 10 what? 9, 8....
Because the pee is silent.
What is the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker? A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
Because it's Butterfree.
All hands on deck
Psychopaths. (I hate myself) 
gay porn
Because Greece lightening
A counter argument.
My username.
Because if they fell forwards they'd fall back into the boat.
they are both 8........
Woke up in a Korma
At least Pluto exists
Eau myyyyyyyy....
It'll dim sum
Start out with a large fortune.  
Only one, but it take 4 episodes and Krilin died at the end.
Kung Pao Chicken
It's called Uber. 
Sectional assualt.
He thought it was "being at Apple every day", not "eating an apple every day".  
To find a tight seal
About halfway across.
Baba O'Reilly
In the toilet.
I tried to open a new email account today. When it asked me to enter a password I entered "penis". Message flashed up "PASSWORD REJECTED, TOO SHORT". How the fuck do Microsoft know the size of my dick? 
I bought some thyme yesterday.
Just one. But it takes about 8-10 visits.
Burgertory
You oscillate its tit a lot
The lightbulb works fine...
They had baron.
Star-Spangled Banner.
Güey protein.
Two bee stings What's worst than two bee stings? The Holocaust.
They throw silverware down a flight of stairs....ting, tong, ping, ding
Telling your dad that you're gay..
He is going to tell you.
Cause Tony Scott did it first.
They're both irrational.
No?   You must not roll them back far enough. 
Don't ask me, I'm just the drone pilot.
You can only fit three fingers in a bowling ball.
Just one. But it takes 5 episodes.
A pedrophile
Professor + I'm sorry. lol.
A Tequila Mockingbird.
An oppresso.
They quack up
Well, you know what happened last time they picked a race...
It induces labor.
With a can't c-section.
Roll Tide.
Wet
The 1 that says   I da ho
It didn't have a peel.
I don't care.
Because they are non-voting felines! 
it has many problems...
He was sacked for only selling Underlay!
When two of the most populated countries clash which race will rise?
You pour it in a square glass.
A turtle.  I was lying about the wheels
Because seven was a registered six offender.
Asked my buddy "What would you call an elephant and a rhino mixed?". He looks at me and says "Shit man, Helliphino".
He cured them.
-3/5
Because it was a kitty fiddler.
Because 7 is a registered 6 offender
It had no back story. 
No, me neither.
A math problem
I'm sure she would, too.
Nothing they just waved.... I'll show my self out
Cause they be lion.
Artificial intelligence.
An Eye-patchy helicopter! . Ill show myself out.
Breakfast and lunch. I'll show myself out now
Rick O'Shea.
Who cares!
Patrick Fitzgerald and Gerald Fitzpatrick
Smells like carrots!
Because white people have work in the morning.
The games take 3 months to play! 
Oh didn't you hear, he was the first Australian to be killed by ebola!
"hey zeus!"
-1
A greydient
You say "Hail Hitler!" The German baby will stand at attention. The Jewish baby will shit itself. And the Polish will play in the shit.
Half a puppy.
By leaving a plunger in the toilet

... only if you have enough.
They're always around so many karats.
She kept running away from the ball
Shut the fuck up, Donny
It scares the crap out of their dogs!
There's whiteout on the screen.
Oh, you're a redditor?
Scar Stories. 
Her tampon is behind her ear and she can't find her pencil! 
Free
Newer magazines
None... It should be opened when she brings it to you. 
At the beach in San Diego.
They lie still.
One's a pharmacist and the other's a drug dealer.
Special branch.
He kneaded a poo
Sorry for the loss.
Schiznitzel. 
Free ham
His Aunt Arctica
A drummer
Mickey: No, I said I am divorcing her because she is fucking Goofy.
Red paint.
Goo goo gai pan!
An Irish funeral has one less drunk.
Gator-aids.
He was born that way you homophobe!
Never mind, it'd probably go right over your head anyway.
19 kids and counting. Too soon?  :/
Rays legs.
tea bag stays in the cup
They having a float-on. it very good
Because he was the rightful heir
IHOP.
She was described as being off her tits.
Aww cheap. I screwed up the title.
So Keith Richards can tell which continent he's in.
He couldn't Move Fasa 
The trappé!
Because he couldn't float! (Insert laughter here)
Because it Lubri-Can't Even!
You will be mist.
He's in town with the circus and wants you to call him. 
She kept abreast of the current issues. (go easy...just made this up)
When you diffuse a bomb, you only have to cut one red wire.
A face palm.
You boil the hell out of it.
A Hebrew
P.U.
Megasoreass
You skip the flat ones. 
Not z's
A student used to give his teacher some raisins everyday. He kept giving them for 3 months straight. Then one day he did not give raisins to his teacher. And his teacher asked him "Where are the raisins today?", and the boy said "My rabbit died."
How do you drink through that? (literally the only joke i know and the only one i ever make)
Tut mir leid so ein Ding existiert nicht Edit 1: Grammar
One, we have no time for humour.
I got a bad sunburn a week ago, and my skin is staring to peel of.I guess you could say that it's.....appealing 
Her vagina 
Quack cocaine 
It was stuck to the chicken's legs.
So it doesn't burst when you fuck it. 
Because they come from bulbs. (This is the only   joke I know.)
None, that's women's work!
Celery Stalks.
Klondike Bars
It's pretty cheesy.
... a tectonic plate!
Because he spiked his drink
One. They simply hold the bulb and wait for the world to revolve around them.
Dr. Dre
Porkchop

Your grip.
Boil the Hell out of it!

Deer balls, they are under a buck

A bipolar bear
Because Han was flying so low. 
They make you sit in the back of the furnace.
Do you have a prescription?" asks the chemist. "No," he replies, "But I've got a photograph of the wife..."
He was making a scene!
In a snow bank.
You only need one nail for the picture.
A play on words
On dos axes
D'oh-ta 2
Because they can't get high.
The visitors.
a pok-e-mon!
(•_•) ( •_•)>⌐■-■ (⌐■_■) A Reptile Dysfunction.
Cant-elope :D
A Poltergeese!
Well, one things for sure
CO-LLEGE STU-DENTS Who's living with stress induced anxiety? CO-LLEGE STU-DENTS! If wanting to drop out is something you wish...CO-LLEGE STU-DENTS Then take a long nap and watch some Netflix! COLLEGE STUDENTS, COLLEGE STUDENTS, COLLEGE STUDENTS, COLLEEEEGGEEEEE STUUUDEEEEEEEENTSSSSSS! 
A dictator
He had a reptile dysfunction
Because the meat they are eating has definately been abused.
Me: The one her mother missed?
It's called tricoxagain.
Mortal Kombat Ex 
THE LIVER.  ometrist will copyright this joke. hopefully. 

oink
Justin.
It doesn't cost $200 to have a lentil on my face.
To get some chicks. (nephew made this joke, he's 5 years old :o)
He's trying to integrate back into society, but you can still kinda differentiate him from others.

Little Seizures.
They default in our stars
Well, well, well
Because then it would be a foot.
A fuzz ball 
Nah, it 8 a byte earlier.
Because he didn't serve a porpoise...
...they both have a 90% chance of being nailed by a Mexican.
because Sven eight nine! hahahahahahahahaha...
Fur Traders
A lawyer was just waking up from anesthesia after surgery, and his wife was sitting by his side. His eyes fluttered open and he said, "You're beautiful!" and then he fell asleep again. His wife had never heard him say that so she stayed by his side. A couple of minutes later, his eyes fluttered open and he said, "You're cute!" Well, the wife was dissapointed because instead of "beautiful," it was "cute." She asked, "What happened to 'beautiful'?" His reply was "The drugs are wearing off!"
Fat.
Her name was Ella. 
Pretty dangerous, the Hepatitis C
Nothing, you already said it twice.
Pretty dangerous, the Hepatitis B
The MaxiPad
They only  ...
Four. One to change the bulb, three to stand around so he has someone to hi-five after. 
Ehh, it depends.
Maths teachers, they make everybody count.
He drank his coffee before it was cool.
So he can fit on a spaceship.
Well armed...
It's an obscure number, you have probably never heard of it.
Christian Bale.
They will never listen to Logic or Reason.
USB
Hairy Potter
He's got somebody else's back, he could probably handle yours.
Not mothers, lightbulbs. Shit.
Both are better between 2 buns
The wheelchair 
The Dark Knight Rises.
ALLAAAAAAHVER the place!
Spring break.
Reply: Yes! Answer:  you like it when deez nuts in yo face
to not get to the other side. 
You can't  hear an enzyme.
Tell them to eat shit.
When it is pure bread. Told to me by a friend.
Whale oil beef hooked. 
A prayeradactyl.
I'm trying to solve a Rubik's cube and a friend told me that using Al Gore Rhythms could help.
Come on. Lets go to lunch. My treat.
Shake N' Bake.
Because it takes twice as long to fuck their brains out
Idk but it sure as hell can pick cotton
Pop-tart.
Ten.  One to change it and nine to downvote for no reason.
"Oh sorry eh! Oh! Sorry! Sorry, eh? Sorry? So sorry! Oh! Oh no.... Sorry, eh?"

Because she had no arms.
If you leave yogurt for 200 years it'll grow a culture.
DEEZ NUTZ HAHA GOT EM
Overweight suicide bombers.
You just shoot yourself in the face!
The "B" is the aerial view, the "oo" is the front view, the "b" is the side view.
Weighcist
Bad at following directions.
The NHL playoffs
Deflation. 
They know resistance is a waste of energy.
Just one. But the light bulb has to want to change.

Tell someone they reposted.
Two. One to screw in the light bulb, and one to hold the penis. I mean the ladder. One to hold the ladder.
A patchy gunship
Because 'Illinois you!
Because if they went forward they would still be in the boat.
Don't you find it Funny that after Monday(M) and Tuesday(T), the rest of the week says WTF?
I can't jelly my cock in your ass. Yup, from HIMYM, but I believe in the episode Barney asked, "What's the difference between peanut butter and jam?"
I'll bet you wipe yourself with toilet paper too...
Suge Knight Shyamalan.
The casting couch
WEEEEEEEEEE!
Bruce Jenner
Live Jasmine
A person who stays up all night wondering if there is a dog.
Au nevoir.
A silverbach.
Somewhere over the rainbow, weigh a pie.
"Stop being so elfish, Karen!"
The Isobar
Maccaroni
-They only have one pair of trunks.
He had a bad alkaline trip.
Bahhh
I'm a little dino-sore.
Wii-U, Wii-U, Wii-U!
Mufasa.
Wrong.
Blackbirds
I'm not letting you cook dinner again
Speed bump ahead
A crayoff
Take away its USB cable.
F5
Verbatim.
Because he was a fungi!
It's called tricoxagain.
Mortal Kombat Ex 
THE LIVER.  ometrist will copyright this joke. hopefully. 

oink
Justin.
It doesn't cost $200 to have a lentil on my face.
To get some chicks. (nephew made this joke, he's 5 years old :o)
He's trying to integrate back into society, but you can still kinda differentiate him from others.

Little Seizures.
They default in our stars
Well, well, well
Because then it would be a foot.
A fuzz ball 
Nah, it 8 a byte earlier.
Because he didn't serve a porpoise...
...they both have a 90% chance of being nailed by a Mexican.
because Sven eight nine! hahahahahahahahaha...
Fur Traders
A lawyer was just waking up from anesthesia after surgery, and his wife was sitting by his side. His eyes fluttered open and he said, "You're beautiful!" and then he fell asleep again. His wife had never heard him say that so she stayed by his side. A couple of minutes later, his eyes fluttered open and he said, "You're cute!" Well, the wife was dissapointed because instead of "beautiful," it was "cute." She asked, "What happened to 'beautiful'?" His reply was "The drugs are wearing off!"
Fat.
Her name was Ella. 
Pretty dangerous, the Hepatitis C
Nothing, you already said it twice.
Pretty dangerous, the Hepatitis B
The MaxiPad
They only  ...
Four. One to change the bulb, three to stand around so he has someone to hi-five after. 
Ehh, it depends.
Maths teachers, they make everybody count.
He drank his coffee before it was cool.
So he can fit on a spaceship.
Well armed...
It's an obscure number, you have probably never heard of it.
Christian Bale.
They will never listen to Logic or Reason.
USB
Hairy Potter
He's got somebody else's back, he could probably handle yours.
Not mothers, lightbulbs. Shit.
Both are better between 2 buns
The wheelchair 
The Dark Knight Rises.
ALLAAAAAAHVER the place!
Spring break.
Reply: Yes! Answer:  you like it when deez nuts in yo face
to not get to the other side. 
You can't  hear an enzyme.
Tell them to eat shit.
When it is pure bread. Told to me by a friend.
Whale oil beef hooked. 
A prayeradactyl.
I'm trying to solve a Rubik's cube and a friend told me that using Al Gore Rhythms could help.
Come on. Lets go to lunch. My treat.
Shake N' Bake.
Because it takes twice as long to fuck their brains out
Idk but it sure as hell can pick cotton
Pop-tart.
Ten.  One to change it and nine to downvote for no reason.
"Oh sorry eh! Oh! Sorry! Sorry, eh? Sorry? So sorry! Oh! Oh no.... Sorry, eh?"

Because she had no arms.
If you leave yogurt for 200 years it'll grow a culture.
DEEZ NUTZ HAHA GOT EM
Overweight suicide bombers.
You just shoot yourself in the face!
The "B" is the aerial view, the "oo" is the front view, the "b" is the side view.
Weighcist
Bad at following directions.
The NHL playoffs
Deflation. 
They know resistance is a waste of energy.
Just one. But the light bulb has to want to change.

Tell someone they reposted.
Two. One to screw in the light bulb, and one to hold the penis. I mean the ladder. One to hold the ladder.
A patchy gunship
Because 'Illinois you!
Because if they went forward they would still be in the boat.
Don't you find it Funny that after Monday(M) and Tuesday(T), the rest of the week says WTF?
I can't jelly my cock in your ass. Yup, from HIMYM, but I believe in the episode Barney asked, "What's the difference between peanut butter and jam?"
I'll bet you wipe yourself with toilet paper too...
Suge Knight Shyamalan.
The casting couch
WEEEEEEEEEE!
Bruce Jenner
Live Jasmine
A person who stays up all night wondering if there is a dog.
Au nevoir.
A silverbach.
Somewhere over the rainbow, weigh a pie.
"Stop being so elfish, Karen!"
The Isobar
Maccaroni
-They only have one pair of trunks.
He had a bad alkaline trip.
Bahhh
I'm a little dino-sore.
Wii-U, Wii-U, Wii-U!
Mufasa.
Wrong.
Blackbirds
I'm not letting you cook dinner again
Speed bump ahead
A crayoff
Take away its USB cable.
F5
Verbatim.
Because he was a fungi!
Just stand in the corner to warm up, they are usually 90 degrees.
Cause that would be a big help, I seem to have misplaced him.
Ay kid, go easy on the candy!
Nothing, because they're both suck up bitches.
Don-key xote
Her algae bra
Damn dude i can't See anything through all That Shit.
He kisses his mother with that mouth!
He had a large drawer of chests right there in his office.
Unorthodox
Women
My recent observation concludes ~$140. Great weekend.
It bombed
cheerio.
A small medium at large
A BOOBEE!
I've never had a garbanzo on my face.
One is a busty crustacean and the other is a crusty bus station. 
John Wayne stopped killing Indians a long time ago.
Mad cow disease was already taken.
Fo Drizzle.
Old folk doing the conga.
A Porqué-pine
Cause love is what I got
She has a tampon behind her ear, and she is looking for her pencil.
Cantaloupes
A cat has claws at the end of its paws, while a comma is a pause at the end of a clause. 
Bilingual What do you call someone who speaks 3 languages? Trilingual. What do you call someone who speaks only 1 language? American.
1Forrest1
A tire.
Floppy Giuseppe
Unix
Ja! Beiherhund das Oder die Flipperwaldt gersput!
National Dyslexics Association.
the underlay! underlay!
If you leave a yoghurt for 200 years, it will eventually develop a culture. Plus the yoghurt's fat free.
It was a test she could pass.
A naked blonde doing cartwheels.
A guy stuck his head into a barbershop and asked, "How long before I can get a haircut?" The barber looked around the shop full of customers and said, "About 2 hours." The guy left. A few days later, the same guy stuck his head in the door and asked, "How long before I can get a haircut?" The barber looked around at the shop and said, "About 3 hours." The guy left.  A week later, the same guy stuck his head in the shop and asked, "How long before I can get a haircut?" The barber looked around the shop and said, "About an hour and a half." The guy left.  The barber turned to his friend and said, "Hey, Bob, do me a favor, follow him and see where he goes. He keeps asking how long he has to wait for a haircut, but he never comes back." A little while later, Bob returned to the shop, laughing hysterically. The barber asked, "So, where does he go when he leaves?" Bob looked up, wiped the tears from his eyes and said, "Your house!"
...Christopher Walken
Jewbacca
No, How Long is a Chinaman.
Because he kneaded a poo.
Gangrape
Push it
Hip-Pop
I weep uncontrollably when I cut them.
Because it's yellow and settles on their land too. And it melts snow.
An astrounaut you racist bastard!
Feminem
He couldn't budget.
Doppelbangers
"I'll be blunt..."
...
Eric Clapton wouldn't drop a bag of cocaine out the window

— Well, as long as it doesn’t delay the ceremony…
grandpa said nothing! just gently licked his eyebrow
Ted Danson.
The egg-stra.
It only takes two mice to screw in a light bulb. The hard part is getting them in there.
Cancer.
Acne cums on your face after you're 12.
"Sir, when I buy patron I EXPECTO PATRONUM!" (Hauls ass towards the exit)
Don't get me started.

Because it would be economically unviable to market a pharmaceutical in such a vastly unpopulated area.
Sushi bars and stop signs.  Source: am southern Oregonian; lots of bad Cali drivers here
Coke.
I hear it will be a small role
The clock is still right twice a day.
Just kidding, they don't. They'll just shoot the room for being black.
Keep the tip
YouTuberculosis.
Jedi do that?
He couldn't remove three nails to save his life
Because they are most certainly guilty.
I wouldn't pay to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
Omelette you finish.
Because he sleeps before it gets cool.
American.
Juan on Juan 
A barbecue
Kids don't eat broccoli.
They snigger.
Call it whatever. It is not like it is gonna have  a problem with that. 
Ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-cherry balm!
Meow
A bang for your buck.
Heinzenburg
Because he was too close to The Edge. 
Let's just say he had the standard deviation.
Stupid.
Because they're WELL-CULTURED.
He wanted someone who understood   and   case.
A parking lot.
Because the "P" is silent
It only takes one nail to hang up the picture.
with ducktape!! 😂😂😂
My hot Chinese neighbour told me she was desperate for a roger. It was only when I'd dropped my pants and got my cock out that I realised she meant someone to rent her spare room. 
An anarchid.
Can't legally consent because they're retarrrrrrrrded.
Resisting a rest.
El autobus, porque va lleno!
She starts to fit your wife's clothes.  Yes, I know this isn't OC. Nothing on reddit is. 
mother is in the kitchen making dinner for her family when her daughter walks in. “Mother, where do babies come from?” The mother thinks for a few seconds and says, “Well dear, Mommy and Daddy fall in love and get married. One night they go into their bedroom, they kiss and hug, and have sex.” The daughter looks puzzled so the mother continues, “That means the daddy puts his penis in the mommy’s vagina. That’s how you get a baby, honey.” The child seems to comprehend. “Oh, I see, but the other night when I came into your room you had daddy’s penis in your mouth. What do you get when you do that?” “Jewelry, my dear. Jewelry.”
You washer and dryer.
...he had a hard time with his allergies
Shlalom! (Oy, that's terrible.)
You can tune a piano but you can't Tuna Fish!  
Telling your parents that you're gay.
The roofie didn't work.
Pindunderjeep
A transition metal.
Liquor.
Because they always *tip*.
Because you can sell the same crack over and over again.
One's a crusty bus station, the other's a busty crustacean. 
ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß....
Sooner or later, you're going to stick you tongue on it.
Pick a cod, any cod!
It's days were numbered!
Unidank
You're walking down a  deserted street with your wife  and two small children. Suddenly, a Terrorist with a huge knife  comes around the corner,  locks eyes with you, screams obscenities,  raises the knife, and charges at you...  You are carrying  a  Kimber 1911 cal. 45 ACP, and you are an expert shot.  You have mere seconds before he reaches you and your  family.  What do you do?    THINK  CAREFULLY AND  THEN SCROLL  DOWN:  Democrat's Answer:  Well, that's not enough information to answer the question!  What is a Kimber 1911 cal. 45 ACP?  Does the man look poor or oppressed?  Is he really a terrorist? Am I guilty of profiling?  Have I ever done anything to him that would inspire him to attack?  Could we run away?  What does my wife think?  What about the kids?  Could I possibly swing the gun like a club and knock the knife out of his hand?  What does the law say about this situation?  Does the pistol have appropriate safety built into it?  Why am I carrying a loaded gun anyway, and what kind of message does this send to society and to my children?  Is it possible he'd be happy with just killing me?  Does he definitely want to kill me, or would  he be content just to wound me?  If I were to grab his knees and hold on, could my family get away while he was stabbing  me?  Should I call 9-1-1?  Why is this street so deserted?  We need to raise taxes, have paint & weed day.  Can we make this a happier, healthier street that would discourage such behavior.  I  need to debate this with some friends for a few days and try to come to a consensus.  This is all so confusing!    ............ ......... ......... ......... ......... ......... ........ ......... ..  Republican's Answer: BANG!  ............ ......... ......... ......... ......... ......... ........ ......    Southerner's  Answer:   BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!  BANG! BANG ! BANG! BANG! BANG! Click..... (Sounds of reloading) BANG!  BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!  BANG! BANG! BANG! Click  Daughter: 'Nice grouping, Daddy!'  'Were those the Winchester Silver Tips or Hollow Points?!  Son: 'Can I shoot the next one?!'  Wife: 'You ain't taking that to the Taxidermist! 
Falling from the 1st floor:    SPLAT! HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! Falling from the 10th floor: HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! SPLAT!
A: Floyd Mayweather
A Merangue-utang :-D
His ass
Because she was a cunt.
The character Brunehilde is now named Brucehilde.
Because they're stuck up cunts.
They are both stuck-up cunts.
He ChromeCasts.  anDruid humor. 
"Oh baby, you are so (1/cos C)" !!!
It's spring, and the cub comes out of his cave. His knees are wobbling, he's a wreck. He's skin and bones, with big circles under his eyes. His mother says, "Junior! Did you hibernate all winter like you were supposed to?" "Hibernate? Shit, Ma, I thought you said 'masturbate'
Gluten tag!
Drink lighter fluid
Red paint.
Boo bae!     (Read aloud please)
The Thai fighter
I said to him, "Jesus?" and he replied, "Where's Zeus?"
Beez nuts! 

6: Prophet
Sea Level.
Cumberbitches.
A hummussexual.
Queef jerky.
They both got six months.
A Fridge
urine trouble.
A: they're always talking about God. 
Because they are all looking for their père
What do evil midgets call it? A 
Russia kept Stalin it
Because only a Sith deals in absolutes.        
"I don't believe we've met..."
One day during the family lunch the youngest son Paul asks his father: - Daddy, what is the difference between potential and reality? Daddy turns to his wife and gives her a question:  - Would you sleep with George Clooney for 1 million $? - Certainly, I would never waste such opportunity, - tells the wife Daddy turns to his teenage daughter:  - Maria, would you sleep with Brad Pitt for 1 million $? - Surely! He is my fantasy, his posters are all over the walls of my room. Daddy turns to his eldest son Raul and asks:  - Would you sleep with Tom Cruise for 1 million $! Eldest son thinks a little and replies:  - Why not? Imagine what I could do with that money. So yes, I would sleep. Then daddy turns back to his youngest son Paul and explains him:  - You see, Paul, potentially we are sitting with multi millionaires but in reality we are sitting with two prostitutes and one gay…
I'll tell you later.
... Because it gives them square roots
NYC subway commuters.
Someone who stays up all night wondering whether or not there is dog.
Soon he will be Jah-bless.
Horse power.
Because they are really good at it.
Hey, gattaca? GATTACA? 
because fetch is not going to happen. 
It's really shaking me up!
My dick.
For five dollars you can get one with crabs in it.
Put it in his honey. 
Nom Nom Nominal
Princess Leiabensraum
What is WRONG with you!
Sorry, I overwrote your order. :-)
They don't care if you cheat.
A Kosher pork
He woke up.
Linda McCartney
Ereptile Dysfunction.
They gave too many shits
In north korea itself.
tatious.
Because he "got lucky".
The Newport  (My first joke, sorry if bad 8>)
Because the pride comes before the fall.
It gets toad away. 
Mechanic.
one's a crusty bus station and one's a busty crustacean 
An iron.
9-11 victims. They went through 87 stories in 10 seconds.
Mourning wood 
none... Pringles come in cans
The Grammy's
Because air is free.
Because there's too many   juries.
Because it's black. Sorry.
2-pop 
beez nuts
Mariguana.
Icy dead people.
I'm Batman.
Married and virgin.
Gilly suit
"Don't do it! You have so much potential!"
Walking -Jk Rolling
Well, it just wouldn't be right.
Juice
Realizing you only put 10 in
Santa goes down the chimney.
He Was Snowed In(Snowden) ;)
A man.  Courtesy of my grandmother.
Water. It helps them get high. 
They both had curds/Kurds in their whey/way!
Their neighbor
Beets by Dre.
A stay at home dad
An excavator.
They turn off their XBOX and go to bed!
Guaca-mole!
5. 4 reverse and 1 forward for parades.
You put a windshield in front of her. 
Grains...
Hitlers gas bill.
99, 98 get in a pile while 1 grabs a match and lighter fluid.
A stick. 
Cancer
He can never find the Loki.
Santa Claus goes down the chimney. 
Throw    from the plane
He felt like bacon. 
Chicken tikka m'sala
Slap her!
Slap her!
A great big pho queue. 
M'self
secret service
Two, but I have no clue how they got in there.
Foster Farms
I'll tell you tomorrow.
I'm the wiener!
Yeah, me neither. 
Yosemite!
He drank his coffee before it was cool.
Fruits & Vegetables.
Bill Clinton.  He hid from the black guy in between the Bushes.
Fluffer Bunny.
Allahbama
Catoons
She screams her husbands name instead of yours
Me neither, but I had it on the tip of my tongue yesterday.
So you can floss your teeth with them after you've used them.
Beethoven's last movement.
A webinar.
Stick a banana up her cooter, if it comes out half eaten, you've got a monkey on the way!
He uses Pulp Friction
Oh.  Nvm...
Aye matey
Stop smoking. You are too young to smoke
They both have a unique serial number. 
Because they were vaccinated as children.
Because he was always in a cent.
Wiped his ass
He nose what he's doing
Nothing, they were both stuck-up cunts.
they are always up to something...
With crucifictions, they throw the whole jew away.
It was pissed off.

Both make Jews run faster! (Sorry, but as an agnostic Jew myself, I hope that it's okay for me to make this joke.)
It's a little bit funny.
A quarter-pounder with cheese.
They both like a tight seal.
Don't get me started!
Attempted murder.
Poker face.
By crossing the Finnish line!
I don't mind telling work the other jobs I've done
This
Bread and Bakedfast!
Because he's a cross product.
Because they don't want a   man lost!
A pigloo I'll see myself out. 
Tell her to count the stairs on an escalator.

tape velcro to the ceiling.
A Clown-Dyke-Bar Credit to   
A warden
a brick.
Baltimore, I hear it's backbreaking work.
Eric Clapton would never let a small bag of cocaine fall out of a window.
They were his andouille-ing. [I'll see myself out...]
Deputin
A pige-out ...made it myself...
Because there's cheetahs. 
It's fucking intents
He parked at a   parking!
I guess I'll tell you all about it when I see you again.
A virgin.


What has two legs and bleeds profusely? Half a cat
A: they're misogynists
A Thot.
Ah-so-late!
An ath1337
Grass, I lied about the wheels.
Christopher Reeves in a house fire. 
He knew a short cut.
The lottery.
Hebrews it.
What's the difference between Jam and Jelly? I can't jelly my cock in your ass.  Inspiration taken from How I Met Your Mother :)
So you can tell them apart from feminists.
The spaghetto
rons
She kept sitting on Pinocchio's face screaming "LIE TO ME"!
She answered the iron.
Juan on Juan. 
You kip.
Punch him in the nose.
I didn't think so.
Seriously,  it  is not a joke. I really want to know.
Because the last guy who had a dream got shot
A Clock-18
A penguin that's been knifed
Ten-tickles
When the sandwich drops I'm sad.
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams
I give a shit when my pizza is burnt.
It doesn't take a  bull a 2-6 oz to fuck a cow
The bank robber says: Give me the money or I will shoot!  The football player says: Give me the money or I won't shoot.
Hello Reddit, In  2008 Andrew Warner has written a thesis about grotesque humour. I have yet to find a .pdf of this paper. The full title is: 'P.S. Dead Baby Jokes Aren't Funny: The Grotesque in Sick Humor' written by Andrew M. Warner. If anyone can help me find a copy of this magnificent work, I would love to hear, since I am dying to read this. Cheers
It was electric
A Brazillion!!! 
Election day
Did I miss something? 
It's 150 broof.
I'm sorry, it's confidential. 
Because a sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.
Rigatoni
Mourning wood
Mistake him for George Clooney.
Waka Flakamole  I'll show myself out
It's called "Brooth"
By taking a shit in a rainforest!
Spanish!
Plenty of coat hangers.
They called it Fennec-Kin's Wake
A cat will lie   your face. A politician will lie   your face.
The Mersenne Twister.
A porpoise.
Stephen Hawking.
Every time someone said "Get down!" they jumped up and started dancing. 
They found his head and shoulders in the glove box.
It only takes one nail to hang the picture
How did you get those tiny little legs apart?
Och noo, me troosers!

A stroke of genius.
Corduroy!
So would she.
Tom Brady
No, you are all al-left.
An idiot who forgot to take it out earlier.
A paragraph, hes not a full essay yet.
Don't worry, they'll fucking tell you.
Scares their dogs.
A man placed some flowers on the grave of his dearly departed mother and started back toward his car when his attention was diverted to another man kneeling at a grave. The man seemed to be praying with profound intensity and kept repeating, "Why did you have to die? Why did you have to die?" The first man approached him and said, "Sir, I don't wish to interfere with your private grief, but this demonstration of pain is more than I've ever seen before. For whom do you mourn so deeply? A child? A parent?" The mourner took a moment to collect himself and replied, "My wife's first husband." 
And the dashboard, and the windshield...
Likud.
They both feature Chess nuts!
She thought it was diet coke
Eric Clapton never lost a bag of coke out the window.
Cause they carry pistils.
Cause he thought "casta" was Greek for "moms".
pedo-pushers
Never mind. It's a tasteless joke.
An Impasta
No. The universe uses lossy compression.
I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face. 
Decaffeinated coffee.
Gagged.
In the 
Booooookake
To 
Cowschwitz.
A. Butter Finger
Spit, swallow, gargle.
there's a coffee shop on the other side. u thought its gonna be '' paul walker''.. didnt u?
They are wearing suspenders and a belt. 
The cannaBUS.
Her asshole.
Gaaaaaaaiiiinnnnnnnnnssssss.
Parents.
It's sublime
A threesome.
Pumpkin Pi
... From the  iometry.  I'll see myself out now.
To keep the flies off of the bride.
NO IDEAR!
Graaaaaaaaaaaaaaaains! ... I'll show myself out...
A leg.
dick.
Because the bus route doesn't go to the country club. 
Brown chicken brown cow ;)
Hebrews it
He couldn't read his opponent's moves.
How'd you get their teeny legs apart? 
[removed]
It makes them a bit teste.
Ghost Peppers.
(Question sponsored by Al Tebehalah's Discount Lobotomies)
Just kidding
Ayyyy watch it homes!
Sinko de mayo
She's dead.
He was able to stirrup some controversy about his opponent with his effective smear campaign.
The wheelchair.
Farsi.
He suffered from elephant-tight-ass.
Colin was bragging to his friend, Laura, one day, “You know, I know everyone there is to know. Just name someone, anyone, and I know them.” Tired of his boasting, Laura called his bluff, “OK, Colin how about Tom Cruise?” “Sure, yes, Tom and I are old friends, and I can prove it.” So Colin and Laura fly out to Hollywood and knock on Tom Cruise’s door and sure enough, Tom Cruise shouts, “Colin! Great to see you! You and your friend come right in and join me for lunch!” Although impressed, Colin’s friend is still sceptical. After they leave Cruise’s house, she tells Colin that she thinks Colin’s knowing Cruise was just lucky. “No, no, just name anyone else,” Colin says. “President Bush,” his friend quickly retorts. “Yes,” Colin says, “I know him, let’s fly out to Washington.” And off they go. At the White House, Dubya spots Colin on the tour and motions him and his friend over, saying, “Colin, what a surprise, I was just on my way to a meeting, but you and your friend come on in and let’s have a cup of coffee first and catch up.” Well, Laura is very shaken by now but still not totally convinced. After they leave the White House grounds she expresses her doubts to Colin, who again implores her to name anyone else. “The Pope,” she replies. “Sure!” says Colin. “My wife is from Italy and because of her I’ve known the Pope a long time.” So off they fly to Rome. Colin and Laura are assembled with the masses in Vatican Square when Colin says, “This will never work. I can’t catch the Pope’s eye among all these people. Tell you what, I know all the guards so let me just go upstairs and I’ll come out on the balcony with the Pope.” And he disappears into the crowd headed toward the Vatican. Sure enough, half an hour later Colin emerges with the Pope on the balcony but by the time Colin returns, he finds that his friend has had a heart attack and is surrounded by paramedics. Working his way to his friends side, Colin asks her, “What happened?” His friend looks up and says, “I was doing fine until you and the Pope came out on the balcony and the man next to me said, “Who’s that on the balcony with Colin?” (Any resemblance to Colin Firth in this joke is entirely coincidental – honest! :) )
It's theft rate.
Beer nuts cost $1.50, while deer nuts are under a buck.
Challah at ya boy!
Corduroy.
A little boy asks him mom, "Mom how are babies born?". Looking at his innocent question, his mom answers, "When a woman feels like having a cute baby like you, an angel brings a baby from heaven and keeps it in the mom's lap." Patiently hearing this sweet story from his mother, the little boy asks, "So fucking is useless?"
A Dell.
A carpet.

They're anti-semantic.
Depends on how hard you throw them.
Abraham Lincoln.
Hola Seniority
Leddit go
A paradox
A grr-affe
Smiles, because there is a mile between each ‘s.
Cot death
"May the forth be with you"
The Triple Entendre.
They just don't believe in labels. 
Deciding which to tell people first.
Ripostes everywhere.

So his buddies could come by and have a cold one with him.
A girl, because it tries to complete your sentences for you, and it   forgets what you said.
It's hill-areas. 
Four whore and seven beers ago....
A backhoe.
Just one, we're stoned not stupid.  
Oh, they'll fucking tell you.

The cooking instructions said remove sleeve and film.
He wanted a hollow cast.

Samurais? 
Schwinning!
To keep them from rolling out of bed
He was screwing around when he was supposed to be nailing her.
Macula.
They don't.
None. They like it on the dark side.
Two chalk outlines.
To remind him that "Toes Go in First."
It was shut down due to mass violins
Toadstool
The mosquito stops sucking after you slap it
"Mayweather May Weather May Weather"
Whatever you like.
There's twenty of them
The inter course
Neither could finish a race
The Know-Nothings!
i did an online search and all i could find were jokes about corn where they were the subject (in the start of the joke) Can anybody tell me a good joke where corn is only in the punchline? 
Isaac newton died a virgin
no .
The bout was declared a bore.
When you ask them "Are you a vegan?" and they say "Yes".
Ereptile dysfunction
A depresso... get it?
MooooOOOoooOoo
Because he was to short to be called an essay
To get the quarterback.
A Brazilian
It ends.
They went to bed on their wedding night. He opened up one pair of legs - not it. He opened up another pair - not it. Damn near took him the whole night. 
The laundromat.
Nothing.
The Flosberry Flop.
Carlos
He is called Edit.
A dollar.
they both need a mute button
Howl-itosis.
...... Him : Um, ten bucks? Me : Like for WinZip. PS: Taken from bash.org
Neither have they ..
I forgot
Let Mayweather lead all the protests, That way we know it will be peaceful and someone will get a hug every minute.
Your arms have gotten sore.
Fuck you.
Fasten the furry ass.
We can't. It's already fixed.
They get eaten.

Tofoo  [7]
"If you need me, I'll be in the lab."
Michael Phelps can finish a race.
The Dock!
A white male. Duh.
A man and woman got into an argument over who enjoyed sex more.  The man argued,"Of course men enjoy sex more than women, no doubt about it!". The woman replied,"Oh yeah? Well tell me this if your ears itch and you put in your finger inside and wiggle a bit and remove it, which feels better the ear or finger?
Pacquiao isn't his wife. 
[removed]
Because it crashes all the time.
1%
[removed]
That sounded a lot better in my head
Stopwatch you're doing!
He was feeling a little Sikh.
7 is his plus one, but she's bigger than he is.
Caster sugar.
Dead In A Nasty Accident.
Because he was staling a country that was rushing..(Russia) This joke was bad. Im going to bed now.
Your job still sucks!
Munchkin.
i actually don't know where to post this idea, true jokes maybe?...  There has to be a food for thought sub. This is your OP, I promise to deliver!
Good question.
One because his knee grows.
Because 7 8 9.
That is, if one is honey-nut and another is blueberry, they cannot mate. Anyway, there is this one normal cheerio that is in love with a blueberry cheerio. Unfortunately, he cannot mate with her. He can't even communicate with her because they are of different species. So, he invents a machine that changes all of his CNA (Cheerio DNA) into whichever type of cheerio that he wants. However, this machine performs a process that is extraordinarily painful, because that sort of thing would hurt. Anyway. He does it, and the normal flavored cheerio becomes a blueberry cheerio. Unfortunately, this girl cheerio hates him so much that she invents an identical machine and does the process on herself in order to become a cinnamon-apple cheerio, just so she can avoid this creeper. So, she does it. The boy cheerio is starting to get upset at this because he really wants her. So he tells himself that he will go through the pain for her, and becomes a cinnamon-apple cheerio. She then changes to a honey-nut cheerio! He decides that this is the last time that he will change cheerio type. He does it, and she changes one more time, into a normal cheerio - the kind he originally was. So he says out loud, "Okay, this is really the last time. If she changes again, I will just stay back with my family." So he becomes a normal cheerio again, and she doesn't change fast enough for him to put his moves on her. So, they start dating, and he finally asks her to the Formal Bowl (ahaha, get it, bowl instead of ball). Anyway, they get there and dance intensely for a few hours.  Finally, they get tired and she sends the boy cheerio to the milk bowl (you know, since it's a cereal dance, they have that and punch). He gets there and stands in line for ten minutes. Finally fed up at the really long line, he looks over at the bowl of punch and realizes there is no punch line.
Decaffeinated.
Just one, except she scissors it in.
Do'mestique
The eye bolt
Surely you will have guessed - the brooth fairy.
Yeah - he calls himself ... wait for it ... Cousine Brucie  
starbucks
A digimon.
It takes 3 days for it to rise again.
What is bruth?
Kaleebri
Islams it.
Too bad, he got the bomb detecting dogs about 7 movies too late.
a brucea
The wheelchair gets in the way.
He was charged with Petty theft.
What's up, britches. 
The Pittsburgh Steelers
Because she used #nofilter
Slow down and maybe use some lube...
mature. I'll pack up and leave.
They both like giving nickel rides to black men!
Mine is the Ford F Series. 
Khaleesi (Kristen Wiig): Karen
About fifty pounds

Fire.
They call in a S.W.A.T. team
Hebrews?
More than likely you won't see any stars.
A baked potato
A handjob
The Sex factor
Your Life.
A bodybag
Snowballs.
You shoot the guy pushing it.
Because they're in heat.
He was just playing to his strengths. It was really a natural selection.
My name is Yura Phag
Your mom can fit 3 people inside her comfortably!
Roofs.
Serving sizes
Bob Harley
Bison..
I'm not sure about this NFL draft thing.
The Empty Plate...
Because Jewish girls won't touch anything that's not 10% off
His stage name is Bruce Leigh
Broco Lee
You know what, don't worry about it. She's out of the picture now anyway.
I'm very hoppy.
My bank account... :(
A Prayfish.
bruces
twerkins
Sans Seraph
alemony
green pees
The only thing they left were the work boots. 
Lettuce alone, without dressing ...
Kobe beef
A husband and wife are sitting quietly in bed reading when the wife looks over at him and asks the question.... WIFE: "What would you do if I died? Would you get married again?" HUSBAND: "Definitely not!" WIFE: "Why not? Don't you like being married?" HUSBAND: "Of course I do.." WIFE: "Then why wouldn't you remarry? " HUSBAND: "Okay, okay, I'd get married again." WIFE: "You would?" (with a hurt look) HUSBAND: (makes audible groan) WIFE: "Would you live in our house?" HUSBAND: "Sure, it's a great house." WIFE: "Would you sleep with her in our bed?" HUSBAND: "Where else would we sleep?" WIFE: "Would you let her drive my car?" HUSBAND: "Probably, it is almost new." WIFE: "Would you replace my pictures with hers?" HUSBAND: "That would seem like the proper thing to do." WIFE: "Would you give her my jewellery?" HUSBAND: "No, I'm sure she'd want her own." WIFE: "Would you take her golfing with you? HUSBAND: "Yes, those are always good times." WIFE: "Would she use my clubs? HUSBAND: "No, she's left-handed." WIFE: -- silence -- HUSBAND: "Shit."
Electro
You know he did it.
Hey, I'm Danish. JK they're pastries, they can't talk.
Me: I'm a taxidermist  Date: Oh... wow.  Fox: And a ventriloquist
Dr. Dre
The wheelchair.
Fire cracker
Anti-hissss-tamines!
Using the lords name in vanity
He had a bad heir day 
A Freudian slip.
Doesn't matter he ain't commin
Chicken Butt.
Then Harry Potter would have to destroy it ofcourse.
Walking. JK Rowling.
Who built the taj mahal
A Nepalitano. Oh yeah - wait a sec - OK - for the low-info crowd here:
In a merry land.
Get to the back of the meat grinder!
What type of drugs to ducks use? Quack cocaine.
Its a really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
Because I put on the wrong socks this morning.
it's must-up ..
Because they can't C#!
Well they just recently started offering sex change operations for women, too. It's called the "addadictomy".
A mumble bee
It only takes one to ruin a neighborhood
Two. One to screw in the bulb, and the other to hold the penis. LADDER! I MEANT LADDER!
Don't be stupid, rioters can't change anything. 
a Basic bitch
Whatever you like - They're not coming back.
No? That's cuz it hasn't come out yet...
Because of their proximity to the { }; I'll let myself out..
Cats can handle mice.
She got out of the flying plans and into the friar.
They don't want to be spotted.
Sorry I'm all tied up at the moment
Adele.  Some one set fire to the train
Because they carry guns instead
Sorbet
Because for 3-5 days, it's a PROGRESSIVE pain in the ass.
Taragon
It hasn't come out yet.
A necrophiliac.
A Meringue-u-tang!!! Note: I know it's spelled Orangutan. :P
There are 10 types of people... those who know binary, those who don't and those who understand off-by-one errors.
Because they lactate.
It's in bad taste. 
Tape
It's two tired. 
Swed-ish.
Because he was fuckin' Goofy.
19 poops and counting!
A Jewish man walks into a bar and sits down. He has a few drinks, then he sees a Chinese man and punches him in the face.  "Owch!" the Chinese man says. "What was that for?"  "That was for Pearl Harbor," the Jewish man says.  "But I'm Chinese!" "Chinese, Japanese, what's the difference?" And the Jewish man sits back down.  Then, the Chinese man walks up to the Jewish man and punches him in the face.  "Ouch!" the Jewish man says. "What was that for?"  "That was for the Titanic," the Chinese man says.  "But that was an iceberg!"  "Ice berg, Goldberg, what's the difference?"
They stopped selling newports...
Because air is free.

Big holes in your garden
It had a sandy bottom.
Wombmates.
All that squinting gives them astigmatism
It's a riot
They get a hole in one! 
After 200 years a yogurt will develop a culture.
-1
Yall nailed it.
Sam, the floor needs painting.
Ereptile dysfunction
He was a veteran Aryan.
Before the first period.
broosts
I don't know and i don't care.
Yeah - they're gonna call it "Bruce or Dare"
Pepper Spray.
A testicle!
Put it on my bill.
A hemogoblin!
Because they are kinda assholes
They said,  "baby you'd look good if you got a pair of skinny genes" 
Women
The Secret Service 
He was following hors d'oeuvres.

Because you wouldn't know when it was over.
Depends 
None. They sit around and wait for a government program to be developed to fix the light bulb manufacturing industry and ask why isn't that industry unionized? And then there will be a government grant to supply funds to pay for the light bulbs that are manufactured by union labor subsidized by the government after there is an EPA impact study to understand the effects of the light bulb on the darter snails and the rain forest and another study by the Department of Labor, OPM and GAO to ensure that labor is equally distributed in a multicultural manner.
Because they're always Li-ion!
Put a nipple on it.
The hockey player takes a shower after three periods.
It hertz.
Greh.
9-1-1
Nothing.
Just 'Cause
"These hot wings have made me a ticking time bomb."
She'll let it go!
Poached, scrambled or fertilized?
They're callin it a Lady Bruce.
They're gonna call it Punky Bruceter.
They're gonna call it Ambrusia.
THAT'S RIGHT!!! YOU DON'T KNOW; BECAUSE YOU WEREN'T THERE!!!
an airbroosh
embruce
Fanny Bruce
broosts
He masturbates to the sight of his ego.
They're going to start with brucelets.
Playdough.  
Sbruce
Wait... nevermind
Nurse: No change yet.
What has a foot but no legs?
Tower defense. 
Little Caesars.
After five years, your job will still suck.
They come to Jesus.
Women and children don't exist. Everyone else is a Man, 90 years old. How long would it have taken for World War II to finish?
Because their plugged into a genius! 
You give the pencil to Michael J. Fox.
Deanda dis dick!!! HA! Got EEEM!
Well the flag is a big plus! ಠ_ಠ
You gotta hand it to her 
Mississippi.
URL #DDD
0K
An abortion clinic.
Because he wanted a good view of the front of a moving Porsche.  RIP lil' Jimmy
thieves..
The bristles
But instead of a call center, they called it a lol center! So much lol, that it will make you fall!
Because people always pull out infront of them.
Anal sex.
"Worst case of suicide I've ever seen"
She spits when she talks.
Puuuuurple. 
So they can see the front-lines.
Earth and Uranus.
It was Nazi time for Holocaust jokes.
The TSA and doctors use latex gloves, the TSA and prostitutes require very little training, while prostitutes and doctors make more money per hour than you do all day, yet they all get paid to touch your junk.
Because there's no plate like chrome for the Hollandaise.
A woman walks into a grocery store and asks the stock boy if he has any nuts. The guy says, "No, ma'am." She says, "Well, do you have any dates?" He replies, "Ma'am, if I don't have nuts, do you really expect me to have dates?"
Rise up lights
He only wears Rolex around his waist.
Felipe Flop
Take the 'F' out of safe and the 'F' out of way.
The secret service is the only police that gets in trouble if a black person dies.     Shamelessly stolen from the correspondents' dinner.
Can't trust this
The "steaks" get higher
Because of its fowl language.
Uranus.
Because in charge of scheduling, Yoda was.
Curried.
Yellow labs
I relish the fact that you've mustard the will to ketchup to me!
The wife doesn't suck.
Leave some milk in the sun for a few days.
Stephen Hawking's after a house fire
It's too mainstream.
What would you do.
There's 20 of them.
Abs olutely.
Dung!
Yeah - after she's elected, she has plans to turn into a woman.
pour grammar
because you didn't cook it.                  
Juan 
Three. 1 to screw it in and 2 to talk about how much better Neil Peart could've done it
They say that 9/11 was an inside job... but planes fly OUTSIDE. Can't explain that
Because they aren't allowed to run in the corridors
slowing down his car. ... ... shoutout to   for this one.
The discrimination.
No? That's 'cause it hasn't been made yet.
You refuse to pay her Courtesy of my grandmother
Owen.
Because he's Russian
Don't Break the Ice
M O R M O N
All of if its uncles are aunts!
Glue a sandwich on the ceiling.
Yeah, me neither..
Your mom can't take a joke.
A Homerphobe! LOL! Just made that up!
No, but I'd watch a chicken strip.
Club soda
At the Groomers! 
Pay for the pizza
Pover-tea.
In the mainstream.
Certainly not three, because in my basement is still dark.
A hard bargain
Go flux yourself!
Pew Pew.. Sorry. Just became a father 2 years ago. I have some catching up to do. 
A turkey sandwich doesn't recognize the Armenian genocide
She said it tasted like bark.
Stop, drop, and roll
a Lickalotopuss

The octopus because it is well armed.
She already gets two times the normal amount of yeast.
Nothing, you already told her twice.
He was choking the chicken.
Because they're stuck-up cunts.
Right next to Printdinavia and Copydinavia. 
IDK. 
The pizza can feed a family of four. 
Woman's rights.
404 Edit: Sorry it sucks, it's me trying to make oc. 
son-of-a-b***h..!!!
The porky Pine has the prick on the outside.  
Hit them where it won't show.
They gave him a 21 stone salute!
Both of them.
Leave a plunger in the toilet

I cant jelly my dick up your ass

Dry humor
Nothing, he just staired.
Blingo!
So he can pretend she's decomposing.
Joseph gobulls!
A meowntain :D
because they Ele-cant....Can somebody explain this to me? (Seriously, I don't get it, is it like Elegant?)
You exercise it.
A squid pro quo.
He was seen with an escort...
The turn signals.
A BAYYYYker
...
Niggers!
Because they were grounded.... Or black I am not sure.
A Merkin.
I can't jelly my dick down your throat 
Well apparently not eight cause my basement is still dark.
They're starting to get quite dark
Because the subject is still to immature.
European.
Tell him pork is on sale!!!
The cannaBUS.
Her asshole.
Gaaaaaaaiiiinnnnnnnnnssssss.
Parents.
It's sublime
A threesome.
Pumpkin Pi
... From the  iometry.  I'll see myself out now.
To keep the flies off of the bride.
NO IDEAR!
Graaaaaaaaaaaaaaaains! ... I'll show myself out...
A leg.
dick.
Because the bus route doesn't go to the country club. 
Brown chicken brown cow ;)
Hebrews it
He couldn't read his opponent's moves.
How'd you get their teeny legs apart? 
[removed]
It makes them a bit teste.
You give it ten-tickles
Someone who lays awake at night wondering if there is a dog.
Sanctity of marriage. OH!
No idear. What do you call a deer with with no legs and no eyes? Still no idear. What do you call a deer with no legs, no balls and no eyes? Still no fucking idear.
"Keep it in your Jeans"
Sad Dan 
Five. One to change the bulb and four to beat the shit out of the black guy who was originally hired to change the bulb.
A reptile-dysfunction.
I mean, seriously, are they seeing anyone?
MY BUTT CHEEKS!!!
Umbreonage
Frisbae
It simply doesn't, because it's odd.
Learn to read.  The door says "pull".
A milkshake
hell naw bitch you'd have a truck in the south
A first-grade teacher, Ms Brooks, was having trouble with one of her students.  The teacher asked, 'Harry, what's your problem?' Harry answered, 'I'm too smart for the 1st grade. My sister is in the 3rd grade and I'm smarter than she is! I think I should be in the 3rd grade too!' Ms.. Brooks had enough. She took Harry to the principal's office. While Harry waited in the outer office, the teacher explained to the principal what the situation was. The principal told Ms. Brooks he would give the boy a test. If he failed to answer any of his questions he was to go back to the 1st grade and behave. She agreed. Harry was brought in and the conditions were explained to him and he agreed to take the test. Principal:'What is 3 x 3?' Harry: '9.' Principal:'What is 6 x 6?' Harry: '36.' And so it went with every question the principal thought a 3rd grader should know. The principal looks at Ms. Brooks and tells her, 'I think Harry can go to the 3rd grade' Ms. Brooks says to the principal, 'Let me ask him some questions.' The principal and Harry both agreed. Ms. Brooks asks, 'What does a cow have four of that I have only two of?' Harry, after a moment: 'Legs.' Ms Brooks: 'What is in your pants that you have but I do not have?' The principal wondered why would she ask such a question! Harry replied: 'Pockets.' Ms. Brooks: 'What does a dog do that a man steps into?' Harry: 'Pants..' The principal sat forward with his mouth hanging open. Ms Brooks: 'What goes in hard and pink then comes out soft and sticky?' The principal's eyes opened really wide and before he could stop the answer, Harry replied, 'Bubble gum.' Ms. Brooks: 'What does a man do standing up, a woman does sitting down and a dog does on three legs?' Harry: 'Shake hands...' The principal was trembling. Ms.. Brooks: 'What word starts with an 'F' and ends in 'K' that means a lot of heat and excitement?' Harry:'Firetruck.' The principal breathed a sigh of relief and told the teacher, 'Put Harry in the fifth-grade; I got the last seven questions wrong...'
Throw me a frickin bone here. 
They're always stuck with a bill.
Too bad.
He kept on sticking his finger in a tyke.
Take my wife, if you would be so kind.
One turns in screws, one screws interns. 
The holocaust
" Leave it, it's Beaver."
He was in seine
He got a hole in one.
Mourning wood

;)
Dildo
Killed.
Everywhere.
Because it was a windbreaker.
A reptile dysfunction
Dam.
I wouldn't pay $200 to have a Lentil on my face.
A whywolf.
because it was being chased by Mila Kunis.
Two Jews found the same penny.
Triforce
Ground beef
Because he only ever takes sum of the numbers!
Because your face looks kind apache!
Dropbox.
The peanut butter was easier to get off the roof of your mouth ...
NO...YOU DON'T KNOW...YOU WEREN'T THERE
The guys complained about the blow-dryer being too hot ...
"Stop being a centipede." Get it, because the robot has no arms! Hahhahaha, gets me everytime. 
She heard there was a man crucified.
Stephen Hawking
It takes a lot of coaxing to get them to spread when they're cold
A kike!
Because there wasn't mushroom on it.
Can you find the the mistake 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20?
Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.
Slow down and use lube.
Penicillin.
Go on, have a blast.
No pun in ten did.
He doesn't approve of same sect marriage
Mine is the Boo-Bee...
I just give them Viagra at the funeral.
They both know how to choke.
You look for the fresh prints.
You can get cereal without nuts.
No, this is Patrick.
Aye Matey!
You spin it. It becomes spin-h. juh-jen

Yeah, basically.
Because they are quasi-models... thought of this a second ago. myabe that is why it's not very good :P.
A-Choo-Choo, Motherfucker!!
He was forced to resort to excessive violins.
It tastes better with jam.
He drank his coffee before it was cool. 
Two cannibals giving each other head
A flat minor.
He was too eccentric.
Because they have pool
My mute friend told me this one.
Nan? NAN? ..

A three-some.
It's four-twenty Juan!

So, I was in the bushes...
Cop: "Did you kill this man?" Me: "No, a bullet killed him. Bullets are made of lead, which comes from the ground. The ground is part of nature. He died of natural causes. Case closed."
Because of the hormones
A mashed potato.
Blood.
All of the fruits are diploid
Never mind, I shouldn't spread it...
It keeps coming, and coming, and coming...
The one where I out my meat on your grill!

Decomposers
I'm reliving myself.
A U!  Fish!
An epileptic.  
Idk, its too dark to tell them apart. 
You get ohm ed!!!
A ginger snap.
Because you know how to give really good Head   ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
It'll never fly. 
One has parents
Because he was trans-parent
When she goes to pull out her tampon and all the cotton's been picked.
"Have you tried them with ketchup instead of mayonnaise?", they asked.
Seaweed.
For the pleasure of the audiophiles.  
Two. One to screw in the bulb and another to talk about how complicated it was.
He was a suislide bomber! 
They made Jews from concentrate.
He's all right now
Because he is nailed to a fucking cross!!!

Illuminati and Half-Life 3 conformed.
You pull down their genes!
[deleted]
Minisoda 
"Robin, get in the batmobile."
This GOD-DAMN joke has been reposted SO many times, and its not even clever in the first place!!! Im super serial guys, knock it off.

The porcupine has pricks on the outside.
The wheelchair
He was a real downer.
Time
His mom wanted him to blaze it
I don't have a stamp collection.
He heard Obi-Wan in his head saying  Out, I shall let myself.
No idea. What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no idea.
It really blew up 
Chemistry because he always had the final solution
Why did Hitler give the jews a shower? - They were Au-schvitzing.
Seaweed.
Onions, tomatoes, and a whole bunch of lattice
C. LOL! I heard this at work today, top fucking bantz!
A fish...
Fgypt
hahaha hahaha HAHAHAHAHAHAHA

Sockher!
Cloudy with a chance of heil.
The closing of the Borders.
He's 0K now.
Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
Put it in the microwave until it's Bill Whithers. 
You planet!
One is a scum sucking bottom feeder and the other is a fish.
Because it over swept! (Source: Thomas and Friends - Edward the hero)
Five black people having sex is only considered a threesome. 
By the Pound!
People care when a comedian speaks.
A sphinxter.
PEEr pressure!
HAAAANNNNNND EEEEYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEE
You enjoy it when a joke is posted on Facebook
Row row row your boat
Im writing an english dialogue for two sports commentators and one of them makes a thatswhatshesaid-joke and is being scolded for it by his colleague in a break afterwards, but the audience can hear it, because the audio was still running. After the break they are back and after some time the one who was scolded earlier says regarding a situation on screen: "It's really the little things that can mean the most." Suddenly his strict colleague smirks and says "That's also what she said, isn't it?" Camera switches to both of them in full view, the commentator who was scolded earlier stares unbelievingly at his stricter colleague, mouth wide open - and then starts laughing. Is that a believeable/amusing scene or am I misjudging my own talent for "thats what she said" jokes? I'm asking because I don't want to put it into my video if it just makes me look childish and/or the joke doesn't work.
A dart
Yes! But we cantaloupe.
A quarter pounder with cheese.
You thought it would be 'R' but all pirates love the 'C'. 
He's been living under The Rock.
esteemed vegetable.
He jumped behind an oncoming train.
Mourning wood.
I'll tell you on my next post
End a race.
A person who stays up all night wondering if there is a dog.
She was giving Snoop Dogg a rim job and he farted.
Depends on how cooked the baby is.
Guacamole dancing is an extra $1.80.
One's a crusty bus station and one's a busty crustacean Credit; Dad
in the ovens
Electricity.
They're both Decomposing
Because he died choking on a bunch of seamen. 
Put a nipple on it!
Cuz there's no way that amount of shit can fit into a normal shoe
Cause he was fullllly sik m8.
One has claws at the end of its paws while the other is a pause at the end of a clause.
Come on you guys, it's a dead giveaway!
Genocide. 
Well, I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face
Han Double
Ho Gardens
He's distracting the sniper.  Didn't want to offend.
No home oh
I'll tell you tomorrow
Doctors decided to make some for him out of his foreskin. They say that the boy is doing fine now, but he's a little cock-eyed.
A cantelope.
He He
I can't marmalade my dick down your throat.
Chronic delays.
a dyxlixic
Dodged-a-Rango
Because Ken always came in another box.
They'll B flat
They held him in a straightjacket.
A: He gets Tenyear.
The specific ocean.
They ostrich-sized him
Ben-Her.
No-eye deer.
I'm only 5 and I'm about to turn 6.
BurnEm....BurnEmBurnEmBurnEm.
Handiiiiiiiiiiiii-iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
You take the f out of "safe" and the f out of "way".
Camal-Flage
The horse, incapable of understanding the human language promptly shits on the floor and leaves
Nothing, they were both stuck up bitches.
National Dyslexic Association.  
An  -gy...
They don't support cannibalism.
None. He "fell".
Because they have rain over every country in the world.

Stick a nipple on it. 
An astronaut you racist bastard
Mein Ampf
So they can also see the front lines.
Come on in the water's brine!
Becuase if there were it would be called solved
One day, Little Johnny saw his grandpa smoking his cigarettes. Little Johnny asked, "Grandpa, can I smoke some of your cigarettes?" His grandpa replied, "Can your penis reach your asshole?" "No", said Little Johnny. His grandpa replied, "Then you're not old enough."  The next day, Little Johnny saw his grandpa drinking beer. He asked, "Grandpa, can I drink some of your beer?" His grandpa replied, "Can your penis reach your asshole?" "No" said Little Johhny. "Then you're not old enough." his grandpa replied.   The next day, Little Johnny was eating cookies. His grandpa asked, "Can I have some of your cookies?" Little Johnny replied, "Can your penis reach your asshole?" His grandpa replied, "It most certainly can!" Little Johnny replied, "Then go fuck yourself.
Because its two tired.
By the time you’re finished with the breast and thighs, all you have left is the greasy box to put your bone in.
Wife: If i’m lost, then what you do? Husband: i’ll advertise in newspaper about you, Wife: what will you write there about me ? Husband: who find my wife please leave far away from your destination. On the other side Mother-in-law sitting there and says that my daughter will come back gain, You Should write that who find me Wife, she will be your in form of reward.
Get in the car

Glaucoma is short for driving like Asians syndrome  
No Biggie.
A rooster says "cock-a-doodle-do", and a prostitute says "any-cock-will-do."
It was a cut and dry case.
On second thought, you wouldn't get it. It's an insider joke.
I tell you tomorrow.
An Investigator.
It's full of Arab Seamen.
Long ago in the late 1800s there was a massive international dog convention and every dog in the world was invited to discuss all things dog. However the only stipulation was that they leave their asshole at the door. During the convention a strong gale rolled in and all the assholes were blown away to parts unknown. So it became the single priority for every dog to tirelessly search for their own asshole.
Crack whores.
None,  they'll just beat the room for being black.
Order to go.  Seriously, fuck you if you do this. 
A surgeon.
None.
нетerosexual
Because you have to be straight to be a good ruler
Apparently not three because my basement is still dark.
Jah bless
Heeeeeeyyyy fever. 
Kermit's finger.
Oral sex makes your day. Anal sex makes your hole weak.
Men usually miss all three. 
It's Asshole.
Man 1: Do you think you could start your own betting company? Man 2: No, but I bet Fred could.
Tell her that she israeli hot!
Battery
He would spend all night long awake thinking about whether or not there was a dog.
A brunette with bad breath
An Afronaut
Elephino  ¯_(ツ)_/¯
Ass-fault
Brians.
Well that escalated quickly.
Where will they transfer those Catholic priests next?
Because condoms are too brittle at minus 20.
They don't fancy each other. 
the mainstream.
C,eh,N,eh,D,eh
A chromatose
Gullibility 
When you're done, you can flip her over and pretend you're having sex with an 8 year old boy...
Because they're always... ...
Duvet?
Names! -Bo Burnham
A roooooooux!
... It's not what it sounds like.
Up heil, down low!
A Kraken-towa!
"Robin, get the bat mobile." 
SQUAAATS! ...Polly want a cracker. 
A. He loved it, but it scared the hell out of his seeing eye dog.
Faith lifts 
A boobie!
Because red blue green. 
Nothing, it just waved.
A Voltswagen
a semenist
Someone who really gets his head into the game.
One is a bar-room and the other is a BAROOOM!
There'll be no coughin' at his funeral
Because Red Blue Green
<deleted>
An Afishionado You're welcome!
a gang rape
Where my dogs at?
The opposite of down I'm pretty sure.
Someone who's too lazy to steal.
A cockerel says cock-a-doodle-do. Whereas a prostitute says any-cock-will-do.
A neighsayer
Because they haven't
a Myfeetasaur
He stole the show.
Because it was dead.
Because on a scale of 1-10, you're a 25 to life
A receding hare-line!
Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out a window.
He needed to 'P'
Because they have big mouths and little dicks.
A stroke of genius.
Meowntain
Periodically.
to get to the other side
The Precedent.
Aye Matey!
Audi's.
A brick.
Jiggle its balls
Glutentag!
Arkansas
Bofa deez nutz
Because of the sand which is there.
Yup, he's 1.989 x 10  kilos and has a diameter of 1.4 million kilometers. 
Dont pull tha.......
You wouldn't know.  You weren't there...
Ones a crusty ass bus station, the other is a busty ass crustacean.
"Get back in the ship, men!" 
Because they aren't capitalist
You have been banned from  .
They had to many resources dedicated to screwing in light bulbs. -credit goes to Joe, he will beat me up otherwise
Kick his sister in the jaw.
Rich man has a canopy over the bed, and a poor man has a can o' pee under the bed 
There were only three of us!
Acne doesn't come on your face until you're 13.
We're not sure, its a deep subject....
Ground Beef! Bonus joke: What do you call a cow with two legs?  Lean Beef!! Double Bonus: What do you call a cow with one leg stuck in the ground? Steak!!!
A faggette
A hooker can wash her crack and resell it.
It's because they are a Seoulless nation.
It was a one knight stand.
Haaaaaaeeeeyyyyy
A♭ miner.
THE HUNGER GAMES (I'M GOING TO HELL)
He kept trying the doctors patients(patience)
Because we're pry mates.
It's because they are not thinking straight.
A tycoon.
Wimble-not-don :D
Ten Tickles
Sparky.
Country Croak. 
Potato!
He was snowed in.
He had a one track mind.
Take the "S" out of safe and the "F" out of way!
At least he's a vegetable now instead of a fruit.
Kush ups
Because they'd get arrested for peddling crack
Ooh, no dose trace.
You boil the hell out of it
Enough to kill Two and a half Men
About Ye big.
His Doughnuts. 
Nah. I'ma stay.
You don't know man, you weren't there!
Because either way someone is losing a trailer.
Comparrison Ford!
"Time to try the udder one."
Don't worry, they will tell you.
He had a black eye.
He does a lot of Pro-Bono work.      
U mad scientist?
cancer -I'm sorry-
Well, first the tire really has to want to change...
Because he's never Finnish.
Why are you picking on me?
69ers, and making sandwiches.
Jewbacca
1.21 jigga watts
A vas deferens.
A dead rabbit with a big hole.
ρ ρ ρ your boat, gently down the stream...
Roflmao
Hole is going to be huge!
Fedoral republic.

A Jew-breaker!
He retired.
Your wife back, your house back, your car back, and your dog back.
Hissstory
Because they're having difficulties finding out where the ISIS (created by my 10 year old 5 minutes ago)
Because they are good at making stuff up.
Porcupines have pricks on the outside. 
N.O.S. too bad he can't handle the crash...
She kept getting fucked left, right and centre.
A humbug'er.
Fast and Furious 7
It was in tents.
It's a tankless job!
-Makes a choking noise-
He just woke up!
A bit late, but.... A blonde who heard a joke on Friday.
The hebrewgeebies
Tarth Vader.
Because he was too chicken! Sorry.
They don't know it either - that's why they are so sour
The Wheelchair 
Ask them to pronounce unionized.
L'Hospital.
Outlaws are wanted :)
"Nailed it!"
Just one, she will screw anything but it will cost you a hundred or so.
There was a sin tax error. [8.5]
Ant-Eye Biotics (Dad joke, I know)
Where does the phrase "What are you, Johnny two shoes?" come from?  It is said in an Italian accent.  Every time someone does something stupid in my unit, we say "What are you Johnny [action taken place]?"  I tried doing a search online using quotes, but I could only find "What are you Johnny Two shoes?" in a book called Making Harriet.  One of the guys said it was from a youtube video. Ex. Johnson walks in and starts being a little bitch. Guy:  What are you, Johnny fuck boy? Johnson yeah, yeah I am. Edit: Ex.  and grammar mistake
Oh, you don't know? We should do lunch sometime.
What Super Models should you invite to your birthday party ? Cake Moss and Naomi Candles
He drank his coffee before it was cool.
Beef stroganoff 
A Ford.
The Walking Dead. 
Nah, nevermind. You won't get it.
Nothing, someone is losing a trailer!
Scouts come back from their camp.
Tripical
Unique up on him.
...because K-10 is for cats.
You just brush them off to the side and keep eating
A PENNEtentiary!
Punch her in the face.
Why does a middle eastern person not give a blowjob to an American? Because he hates Bush. ahahahah Get it George Bush ...... Ill see myself out.....
A little tardy.
No, he's on first. *Edit: spelling
Fat men,  they'll eat anything. 
Preheat the oven
He took a ship.
It doesn't matter he's not coming anyways.
Paint yourself green and throw forks at them. 
they can smell it, but they can't eat it.
It's been tainted
A God dam engineer.
This one really sucks.
Get in the Batmobile Robin.
To whom! 
..ever tried pulling apart a grilled cheese sandwich?
A milk dud. 
A C-cucumber.
He Neverlands. I really love this joke because it never grows old! 
Ground Beef What do you call a cow with 3 legs? Lean Beef What do you call a cow with 2 legs? Your mother
A pilot you racist. 
Because they think they are melting....
They keep Terran.
Because their entire species is extinct.
1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1
Two.  One to cut and one to glue 
From a zombee!                                          I'll see myself out
It chickened out.
Hoppy 
Lock them both in the trunk of the car for an hour, then open it up and see which one of them is happier to see you.
So they can remind black people the picked cotton before they sold drugs.
None.
Medicine. 
The Sesame Seeds on his buns. (According to my father this is the first joke I ever told, around 5yo.)
Stuck
They both go down on poles.
To get to the hoes.
I hope you have the time tic come toc to me
They're both useless in Canada.
He has to wait for the verb.
We better get some support or people are gonna think we're nuts.
Vasily Bithertitoff
Guy: Because I don't like hair in my food.
Acne doesn't come on a boy's face until he's 12
4chan
Because if not, you always be trippin nigga.


It was a shit zoo
You can't put passion into an Al Gore Rhythm (algorithm). Anyone? Anyone?
Who cares.
Because that's the chord progression in all their songs.
Go to England and buy something
invisibility
A Hobbyte
Humped-me Dumped-me
Colon-hairy Arts School!
An unlocked kitchen door.
lotta bills..
A: Peter Dinkl-age
Everywhere.
"Quick we need to get to the abortion clinic before it's too late!
He was too far-out.
After five years your job still sucks.
1Forest1

So they can piss and moan at the same time.
I've got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one.
Because he's a switch hitter
He couldn't swallow his pride.  
Omelette you finish.
Because Peter's sperm Neverlands.
You don't know...? Oh.. Man, that's lame.
Sounds like a personnel problem.
Oh sweetheart, you are the eye of my maple....
Well get a new family
I don't want to go anywhere. I'm two tired.
...you know he did it.
Flew it.
Jacks on Jacks off
Nope. That's because it hasn't come out yet.
He took me out to sea
With a crowbar.
*To do *To do *To do to do to do to do to doooooo
Well to perform such an amazing feat, he first needed amazing feet. Insert your hate below.
Ray Charles wasn't a one-hit wonder.
Once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal!...I'm sorry, you can hate me if you wish. ;(
O....Hi!.....o.....
Nah I'ma stay. 
There was a Lil Wayne outside
So he could say he wore it before it was cool.
A pilot you racist 
They both need natural light to survive!
When you pull her panties to her knees and there's still pussy in them.
To get home.
If they didn't, they'd be Bagulls!
Play-Doh
Stevie Wonder's speedboat
Hand EYEEEEEIIIEEE.....

Apparently he drives a hard bargain.  
What the fuck dude get the hell away from my dog!
Humerus.97
Potassium.  
It thought C lacked class. i'll see myself out
ANKH ANKH!!

I have no eye deer...
The try-angle
Because he was screwing around.
They're both duct-taters (sorry)
The back of the furnace.

My zipper.
Because her coach was a pumpkin
You have to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it.
Nothing, it's just a brick, what's wrong with you.
None you know of. Since they signed a Non Disclosure Agreement to not talk about it.
Because they're extinct.
A croissant
Dam(n).
Because its white and it works.
** This is a true story ** Bit of background first: I am from a country where English is not the native language. Having said that, since we were colonized by the British close to 150 years people feel inferior if they don’t speak in English, especially in posh public places. One such place is the British Council where people come to use the Library and attend English classes held there. One fine day I happened to be browsing some magazines in the library when one of my friends came to me and requested help on what he should say in order to talk to the lady at the reception. I basically told him to first say “Good morning, madam can you help me in finding some information on blah blah blah” Confident after my lesson this guy goes to the reception, says “Good morning, madam can I help you”
Rice.
Porch-uguese 
They make decent one-liners.
Because they know they love to eat pussy!
A Lickalottapuss!  *credit goes to my brother-in-law who recently told me that one

OCD.
Because the warranty is void if the seal is broken. 
Lennon really dodged a bullet with that one.
Because they keep trying to take Engrish classes but end up in Engineering.
It happened this morning at twooo:twentytoooo
If you answered no, you need to have that repaired as soon as possible. Many of your perishables that depend on the cold to stay fresh may expire and become unusable. This can become costly, having a faulty refrigeration system and continuing to throw away food as the appliance goes in and out of use. Below I have included a link to a refrigerator repair service. 
I don't know, and I don't care.
A drunk man sat down on a subway seat next to a priest. The man's tie was stained, his face was plastered with red lipstick. He smelled awful, and a half empty bottle of gin was sticking out of his torn coat pocket. He opened his newspaper and began reading. After a few minutes, the man turned to the priest and asked, "Say, Father, what causes arthritis?" The priest replied, "My Son, it's caused by loose living; being with cheap, wicked women; too much alcohol; contempt for your fellow man; sleeping around with prostitutes; and lack of bathing." The drunk muttered in response, "Well, I'll be darned," then returned to his paper.  The priest, thinking about what he had said, nudged the man and apologized. "I'm very sorry. I didn't mean to come on so strong. How long have you had arthritis?" The drunk answered, "I don't have it, Father. I was just reading here, that the Pope does."
He works it out with a pencil. 
Hot Links
Seriously guys, I've been trying for months so if anyone have any useful tips it would be much appreciated.
Because people are dying to get in!
2B or not 2B?
Reposting an old joke that wasn't funny the first time. What gets you an upvote? Posting an original joke, or a funny joke I've heard before. What get's you 5 upvotes? Being 
He would lay awake at night wondering if there was a dog.
First in never out.
Because his wife died. Also; what is Forest Gump's password? 1Forest1
One shucks between fits and the other fucks between shits.
Lights out at nine, candles out at ten.
A condom
We is the stuckees.
A man works at a factory and every day he takes an empty wheelbarrow home after his shift. Each day he walks past a security gate, and each day the security guard standing guard suspiciously inspects the wheelbarrow and lets the man pass.  After 50 long years the guard finally asks the worker, "Look, I'm retiring today. I won't tell anyone, but what have you been stealing all these years?" Looking over his shoulder the worker replied, "You promise not to say?" "Yes, I promise." said the guard with a stern look on his face. "I have caught a man stealing a pen for his daughter's homework, a man hiding bread to take home to his hungry family, and even another one taking home water to wash his clothes. You, however, I could not catch. Either you are the most honest or the most ingenious man here." With a grin on his face the worker looked up at the guard and said, "Okay, well I've been stealing wheelbarrows this whole time. I now have a whole business set up that I don't even need to work here anymore."
Upvote
He scared them all spitless.
Un, deux, trois, quatre, cinq!
She just had this breastless feeling.
So that you can tell them apart from feminists
One is gummi bears and the other is gummies bare.
Because it wasn't born yesterday
Shocking, I know. I couldn't imagine how his roosafelt.
Be patient
A chinese man on the phone! Wing wing, halo?
When we invent NANDOR logic gates
Juan Eye.
"You be Beethoven, I'll be Bach."
A buck an ear (buccaneer). 
Because he had a membership.
Because he saw the gas facture.
Doesn't matter. It can't come to you anyway. 
Lesbian jokes. Those are for pussies.
OPs mom
Because it's eight more.
A rip off.
Answer: I don't know, I'm no scientist
Ok How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for the fresh prints
By dancing around the cash register singing "What a Friend We Have in Jesus"
In double HD.
Are you talking to me?
Yes++
They are both more worried about getting inside you than being effective once there!
Terraformal wear.
It runs in your jeans 
Kermit the frog's finger
A piece of ass that brings a tear to your eye
Gold! (works better when told - most will interrupt with "Arrrrrrrrrgon!")
Because Hermione went alone and got attacked by a troll
You'd think it's "R" but it's actually the "C".
A rekt-tangle
Wipe it off and say you're sorry.
Because he was coached by Liam Neeson. 
Dairy Queen
Dear Sir, We are writing to you because you have violated copyright ...
Because he didn't like poles.
Collared Greens
ELI5 (explain me like I am five)
There goes my gyroooo
Because the date wasn't nailed down.
Clickbait.
God damn inflation.
A snooker table
Reports that she has her finger on The Button would cause panic.
Put it in the tree and paint it's balls red. What's the loudest noise in the world? A giraffe eating cherries Edit: not a cheery tree...cherry
Autoerotic Asphyxiation
The asphalt.
Fsh
The htc M8. Oi mate
Their original slogan was: "Once you poop, you just can't stop."
Dementia
It takes only one nail to hang the photo
You know Hitler will turn Reich.
Medicine.
Both have a cunt at the end of them
Look, I am your Fuhrer
They both change their pads after three periods.
We're letting a   president run the   House!
Blockbuster
He was breaking news
They ride on Adolf-in no? I'll see myself out.
PepSi
The Sel-Fish
None, it only takes Tolkiens
The middle easter bunny
Poop
By the vote of the Erectional College...
2:30
Cause he wasn't my Niger.
Yeah - she comes with all of Ken's stuff.
Yeah, police say he was charged with battery.
Even in high-intensity games they always manage to execute
One's a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
Nana boo boo
The New York Necks
National Dyslexics Association 
He went home and drowned in his tea pee.
4:30pm   It let's you out of work a bit early with a valid excuse 
A candle-nah-brah
Take a wok. 
Nevermind, you won't get it.
A shitty relationship
It wasn't twerking out.
Finland.  Once you're a citizen, that's it! You're Finnish! It's over.
Kids are their definition of a good time. 
Change their name to past tense, WASWAS.
You look for his fresh prints. (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
If we use towels just to dry ourselves after washing off dirt and what not. Why do they get dirty??
He got the gas bill
A. The Ultrasound Guy
Just one. They hold it in place while the world revolves around them.
I'm an audiophile
I forget 
Doesn't matter, just use the jet fuel instead.
Neither have they
A pool table.
They are afraid of triggers.
They throw a toaster down the stairs.
It starts off dark, but the ending is bright.
mor ale
Just turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it
Dam!
Yeah...it hasn't come out yet.
European!
He had the Mickey taken out of him
DO IT YOURSELF YOU FILTHY MAN!
WATER YOU DOING
Edward Snowed-in
Because he's an asshole.
Laotians
He could never stand up on his own two feet.
For my cake day, I present   with a favorite of mine, told to me by my uncle during a cousin's wedding.  I make no claims as to its origin, nor to the relative awesomeness of my family: Uncle:  "Hey, got a joke for ya.     Why should a woman always masturbate with these two fingers?" Me:  "I dunno, why?" Uncle:  "Cuz they're mine."
They put a fence around Iowa.
They both contain very large black dicks that can't wait to fuck you. 
I'll give you the set-ups, you give us the lines.
Because they couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin.
He sat down and worked it out with a pencil.
Keebler
An Abelian grape!
A Plebeian J
Cheerios. say it in a British accent
The black man
Der.
DJ Vu
He wanted to get head.
red paint
None, they still use torches.
An Irish car bomb followed by a shot of Fireball
Because he isn't a full ese. 
He kept getting nailed into the boards
Single.
Arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt
The punch line Found in BL magazine
Jew-ish
Pankeks.
Juno
Why bother calling it?
It's not confirmed, but tumor has it
He worked it out with a pencil
So they don't leave a trail like a slug.
Syruptitiously!
A round of applause ...because they all have the clap.
Asian zombie
Disaster...
He forgot the safe word.
'Cause sugar, you're basic.
The penguin who pushed him!
She was a four-chin teller. 
A veloci-rapper. What about Stalin? A Tyrant-a-saurus rex.
Rick O'Shea.
It hasn't come out yet
they both take money for lip-service.
First, you dig a big hole. Place some ashes in the bottom of the hole. Then you put peas around the hole....When the elephant comes to take a pea, you kick him in the ash hole. 
The phrase "I blew a tranny" means something totally different. 
Because he was always cited as the Anthony hero.
Because the little moron on was a little more on.
A: All of them.
Wave at them.
Because he doesn't want anybody to know that he's been fucking chickens!
One time He got so hammered that He fell asleep in a cave for three days before He woke up.  (heard in church today) :-) Happy Easter! 
They're both full of bums
Because sometimes, they're fucking assholes.
Nine Inch Nails
Nothing, you already told her once. 
Because he doesn't want anyone to know he's been FUCKING CHICKENS!!!
A cataract
what else is there to do while you're waiting in line?
At the   of the gas chamber. 
Def leppard
"Knock knock" "Who's there?" "The pilot, let me in!!!"
He attributed to the delinquency of a miner.
Put them in a guillotine.
You put a little boogie in it
Walking ... J K Rowling
One says "Hey, you, get off of my cloud!" The other says "Hey McCloud,  get off of my ewe!"
He really kneaded the dough alot
you mean like on a scale of 1 to 10? stolen from: 
America
Because they are lactoes intolerant. Told to me by my 12 year old.
A.  To find evidence of time travel. What is the worst reason to become a historian? To find evidence of your own time travel adventures
Thug Lice.

In case conversation at our seder lags.
stupid
Nobody touch my fucking Easter eggs, I'll be back on Sunday.
Just a thought.
Because there aren't any roads from the bedroom to the kitchen.
Half a dog
Just peachy.
because he always put 5 commas before chameleon.
A dead parrot.
You first dig a hole. Then fill it up with ash from your fireplace. Since bears love peas grab a frozen bag from the store and surround the hole with frozen peas then wait. When the bear comes around and bends down to take a pea you kick him in the ash hole.
Going to the gym,  You. Racist.
Christian Bale.
A laxative. 
You know, if we don't get a lift, people will think we're nuts.
"Look, officer, I may be wearing a turban, and I may have a gun on me, but I ain't Bin Laiden years!"
Absolutely,  they're a blast.
Easter
Because they spend so long in the closet. 
Because he has Cottonballs
Yolko Oh-no
Empty ones  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Because the commanding officer told his soldiers: "Fire at will"
A grace period.
Because HE's noble.
Frost bite. ;D
A wooly jumper. 
It was a Romaine Iceberg
A jerkus.
Under a bar of soap.
A horny cock.
He only comes once a year!
Because they're always throwing up their hands.
It's been a Good Friday. 
Only one cannoli. 
... A smile !
None. They're all stuck up cunts!
HAND EEEEEEEEEEYYYYYEEEEEEEEEE!!!!
It ova slept.
The Thesaurus
A: They planet Insert death threats below
To get to the other side!
Because he looked pretty seedy!
a ginger ail
In Reddit, you get served no matter who you are.
He was more of a necrOpheliac anyway.
He got off on a technicality. 
One less drunk.
Because they all wear red shirts
360 hoscope 
It's making headlines.
Because he's always dipping it in Olive Oyl.
You gouda bounty on your head. You cheddar be here when I get back.
There's no such thing as potato quality there.
They each got 6 months.  
K.  I was going to tell you a sodium joke but Na. 
Cut off your head.
Danke.
Someone left the irony on...
He tries finding the expiration date on the marriage cirtifficate
Wife: I'd divorce you and take half the money  Husband: Well I won $10, here's your 5, now fuck off!
"Jesus: friday?" "Judas: Yeah, the Last Supper." "Jesus: The what?" "Judas: Supper. Normal supper with the fellas."
He lost his patients...
The Contrasection.
A newborn with osteoporosis.
To match the rest of the household appliances.
Paul Walker dies.
Stick a nipple on it.
You haven't AG-ed a bit.
The spelling.
Women's rights.
To catch everything that goes over their heads. 
Swelling organs.
Tufaloffahsofa
Because they'll bite us!
What's the difference between Will Ferrell and a man with erectile dysfunction? One can... "Get Hard"
De-calf
A brunette, a blonde and a redhead, all heavily pregnant, are waiting for a scan; the brunette says 'I was on top, so I'm going to have a bay', the redhead responds with 'I was on the bottom, so I'm going to have a girl', at which point the blonde bursts into tears. The other two manage to calm her down, and ask what is wrong? 'I'm going to have puppies!'
Give it two test-tickles!
You only need one nail to hang the picture
If he was, did they call him the pounding father?
Because of his enthusiasm for Carbon-Dating.
Woody Alien
I may be a two but your an eight..
I've got you under a vest. 
Florine talent.
To get to the other side.
All of its servers were busy
If you don't you should be more careful when you eat!
They don't know the difference between a bishop and a queen
Tell them a secret
Ten-tickles. I'm sorry, everyone. 
Pac Man-free Ver.
No. I got all of them cut.
Me: Yes, I am.  Interviewer: Hmm, I thought you were going to say something unexpec-- oh, you're good.
The Wheelchair
Blender. How do you get them out?  Chips.
You flip it upside down.
A large twist cone.
Because their asses are closer to their mouths. 
He thought they'd want to hear that back at the farm, he likes doin' chickens right also.
RPG's

Because they're stars-of-day-vids.
An undercover cop. 
They both spit.

A cluster cluck.
School Hallways
I can't hear you, but I can  see your point
You get ate more.
Dam!  A customer told me that joke, equipped with an " old guys rule" shirt and a hardy fist bump. 
It's mantequilla.
It's my WiFi Sci-Fi HiFi. 
you get eight more. 88 you get ate twice
If it's black it won't give you any food
"You'd think it would be R but its actually the c!" Aye matey
Nothing, Chris Brown doesn't want you getting involved in his personal life
Purple circle.
Decaffeinated coffee, you racist fuck.
Ayy lmayo
68. Once you go 69 you have to stop and turn around.
Annoying. 
Who cares, because How Can Light Be Real If Our Eyes Arent Real?
The umpire called it: nine won one.
Cancer
Hell yeah!
i'll see myself out....
It was endless love.
Free points for traveling? This is all fucked up 
Well, one is filled with cows.   And the other is in Asia.
"Get off me paw, you're crushing my smokes."
She answered the waffle iron. How did she burn the other side? They called back.
A watermelon.
Because she was hit by a bus.
April Fool day :)
The pilot, let me in.
He blew away.
The autochoke. 
The hotdogs taste like shit.
He just passed away and they had troubles putting him in the coffin.  When they put his left leg in his right leg came out.
Klondykes
It was nuts, the race was neck and neck till the very end!
Guess we're wombmates!
Sound investments.
You mustard be joking!
AND OR a
A stick....
Grounding
You put a gun to it's head and tell it to. 
...throw in your dirty laundry.
Decap
A five year old boy and his grandfather are sitting on the front porch together, when grandpa pulls a beer out of a cooler. the little boy asked, "Grandpa, can I have a beer?" Grandpa replied, "Can your dick touch your ass?" The little boy answered no. Grandpa said "Then you're not old enough to have a beer." A little later Grandpa lights up a cigar. The little boy asked, "Grandpa, can I have a cigar?" Once again, Grandpa asked, "Can your dick touch your ass?" The little boy answered no, again. Grandpa said, "Then you're not old enough  enough to have a cigar." A little later, the little boy came out of the house With a cookie. Grandpa asked, "Can I have a cookie?" The boy asked "Can your dick touch your ass?" Grandpa replied, "Hell yeah my dick can touch my ass!" The boy replied, "Then go fuck yourself, these are my cookies!"
The lanlord!
Oil
Russell Crowe: No. Jackson: Is Mr.s Wall there? Crowe: No. Jackson: Are there any walls there? Crowe: Um.. no? Jackson: That what's holding up the roof? Apparently MJ used to call up Crowe at the hotels where he was staying and tell him jokes. This was one of them.
To use his rich neighbor's outhouse.
Small medium at large.
Don't make it hard for yourself.
Beef strokin'-off
Patio Furniture
He had barkinsons disease.
Battle Royale with cheese.
Concentration camp.
Line dancing at sun city
Elementary, my dear Watson.
Seems they prove the state of California causes cancer.
A child asked his father, "How were people born?" So his father said, "Adam and Eve made babies, then their babies became adults and made babies, and so on." The child then went to his mother, asked her the same question and she told him, "We were monkeys then we evolved to become like we are now." The child ran back to his father and said, "You lied to me!" His father replied, "No, your mom was talking about her side of the family."
Kick boxing
It was all over the news! (Can't remember where I heard this, so sorry if its a repost)
An  chestra.
They've both got a muon!
Never mind, they were just blowing smoke.
You get repossessed.
A four-chin teller
Wachsmalstift
You have to sit in the back of the oven.
They both shower after 3 periods!
The Bayou
a cosh(x/a)
2B or not 2B?
Brians
Neither did he.
Because he didn't start the fire.

Daworfed
Logarithms 
Graysonatomy.
I'm making an entertaining speech for my speech and drama class and I'm having trouble coming up with jokes and funny content to add into it. I'm a ginger myself, but I am really not a funny person so appropriate ginger jokes would be appreciated!
They call it "White Infidel."
Because Joy was stuck on the roof.
Hu died and left Yu king. Wait a minute - how can you so sure about what's after death? Who died and left you king? Isn't that what I just said?
Flacowitz
The fridge doesnt fart when i pull my meat out
Don't expect me to get hard in 3 minutes, I just got laid this morning. 
Glasnots.
To catch a buzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
It's called 'Lasik Instinct'.
Roll her in flour and look for the wet spot.
A meowntain.
Because they're always Stalin
I'm not wearing socks
So your asshole doesn't slam shut
It's fucking close to water.  (A Canadian just told me this joke)
Gaylene!
It's called Monopoulos and you just borrow all the money from the bank. Everyone loses.
RUN! She's got a grenade in her mouth!
Because Hu died and made Yu king. Hu died and made Yu king? Isn't that what I just said?
She starts fitting in your wife's clothes...
A student walks up to his friend a week before prom and asks, "Hey, how many Twitter retweets do i have to get to take your sister to prom?" His friend says, "Dude, she was abducted! She's been missing 3 weeks, you know this!" The student says, "So you're saying if i find her, i can take her?"
Not much but they say it three times. 
Guac-A-Mole.
Trick question.  Feminists can't change shit.
Because Oct 31 equals Dec 25
Two:  One to change it, and the other one to change it back again.
Their wee-knees! 
Ponzi Buddy.
Ive got a step ladder,I never really knew my real ladder
He has excellent delivery.
Na.
Because they don't meet the koalifications!
Because it was taking the piss out of the knickers.
He sold his soul to Santa
Two feet of my cock in your ass.
Winning the game tournament!
You can't show a group of Jews getting baked
Because they (some of them) don't have a garbage collector.
Naming things, caching things and off-by-one errors!
A gay-theist. EDIT: Spelling error. whoops
They caught him eating a brownie
A book has papers.
Heh, pubes.
No I've always been a guy, why do you ask? ( I'm starting a new job in a few weeks, and I've been trying to come up with some new ice breakers. They're going to love me)
He always used two fingers, in case his patients wanted a second opinion.
It should. I've been practicing all night!
Horseradish
That's just a stereotype.
A: He wanted to make a clean getaway.
It runs in your jeans.
American kids come home from boyscouts
The Gray Poupon
KUSHions please tell me that joke is funny, my girlfriend is trying to tell me that it isn't funny. We all know it is. 
She gets payed less than the transsexual prostitute. 
An old faschund.
a leaf
Transparence!
Heroin
Stevie wonder answering the iron!
Sex, there's hundreds of thousands of sex offenders.
It's mostly corn...but you have to make a reservation. 
Because he didn't want to be mistaken for a WASP
Because they’re always so one sided!
Order anything you like and the guy behind you has to pay for it. 
Because if they were straight, they'd be poking you in the eyes.
Call Baltimore, M.D.
A Tut offensive.
Some guy forgot to lock the kitchen door
Damn
Kermit's fingers
She told the teacher she wanted to go down in history...
The Game.
U wan'a m8?
Artificial colouring.
You boil the hell out of it!
IHOP.
The nail gun. So sorry if this offends you Credit to the   podcast
Ask your parents
A trains-vestite.
boobees ! :D I'll show myself out.
Artificial Swedeners
A Cock-a-Doodle-Duel!
He just got laid by some chick!
Don't worry they'll tell you 
Because every time she gets to 69 she gets a little frog stuck in her throat. 
Bark!
Because they don't do Windows
Because 69's a mouthful.
I don't have a Lamborghini in my garage  I do realize this is a sick joke but it still makes me laugh when I hear it. I'm a horrible person
Shitler
A barbie queue (BBQ)!  Also, I made a quick sketch on my iPad.   I found the genesis to this joke as a text note in my Evernote this morning, after what seemed like a night of free flow beers. Feel free to downvote me to oblivion.
They always steal the green cards.
Because the grass tickled his willy :)
P1: knock knock. P2: who's there? P1: Deedee who. P2: Deedee who who? P1: one. 
You only get presents from one set of grandparents. 
Go to a john mayer concert!
Because they are not Cs.
Uh oh... I think I made a boo boo.
Memento. 
He didn't want to upset Chuck Norris.
Yoko Ono
A woe boat.
It's where you say one thing but fuck your mother. 
Four. Because calling the trunk a leg doesn’t make it a leg. 
What happens when everyone in the country takes a pee at the same time? Urine-nation!
The punchline is too long.
Friend: Because people are FUCKING ASSHOLES!   This can be taken in two ways and both are correct.
A cross-dresser.
Dinner entertainment at Guantanamo Bay 
The game.
Would any lawyer be in a preposition to answer this one for me?
A lesbi-hen
The Cat: because is a cat and a spider :) ... oh, wait.
Carlos. 
It's fine though, at least she went out with a bang!
Ooo mami!   (Umami)
A family is at the dinner table. The son asks the father, “Dad, how many kinds of boobs are there?” The father, surprised, answers, “Well, son, a woman goes through three phases. In her 20s, a woman’s breasts are like melons, round and firm. In her 30s and 40s, they are like pears, still nice, hanging a bit. After 50, they are like onions.” “Onions?” the son asks. “Yes. You see them and they make you cry.” This infuriated his wife and daughter. The daughter asks, “Mom, how many different kinds of willies are there?” The mother smiles and says, “Well, dear, a man goes through three phases also. In his 20s, his willy is like an oak tree, mighty and hard. In his 30s and 40s, it’s like a birch, flexible but reliable. After his 50s, it’s like a Christmas tree.” “A Christmas tree?” the daughter asks. “Yes, dead from the root up and the balls are just for decoration.”
One with everything
Shallots 
At the infideli counter. 
Ha2Au (I'm sorry, also the 2 should be sub-scripted but reddit wouldn't let me do that)
Neither is terribly important until you're not getting any.
Well, the flag is a big plus.
A banana split
It was feeling a little crumby. 
Franchicing
Gaseous Clay
Let MEOOWWWWTTTT!!!!
Neightiri.
He died on the cross!
"Sorry, I didn't do it on porpoise."
Cause you're attractive.
Anti feminists? Nah, they can't screw
Dam.
because he was blind.
So they can both peek out the blinds. 
Bison.
Baghdad
It was with Robotussin and space heaters.
He buys it from Starbucks...
He tractor down.
NO
A Tyrannosaurus Wrecks. EDIT: Spelled "Tyrannosaurus" incorrectly.
They're both fun to ride.....until your friends see you.
It had a little boogie in it.
Voltz-swaggin. I thought of this myself and I am so, so sorry.
I'm bleating all over the place!
Because they're always dead tired. I stole this from    plain and simple.  Just straight up stole it.  Why?  Because it made me laugh and I didn't see it posted here before.  
It was stuck to the chicken.
The more it's forced on you as a child, the more you dislike it as an adult.
a pianist
Because two flagrant fouls is an automatic ejection.
Don't be stupid, feminists can't change anything
PeekaJew
Your dreams are not the only thing going up in smokes.
Let MEOWWWWWOUT!!
I'm gonna get some head tonight.
Also being forced to fill his Viagra prescription.
Radio Shack. Not even the brain dead would go there. 
There where you left him.
A he-blew.
We Israel..
One Direction
Where's my tractor? 8)
You man nipple lated me
Pork Chops
There's 21 of them. 
An Investigator
Under the soap. 
Because of the seaweed. I've already shown myself out, don't worry.
Because they literally can't even.

I heard she was a mistake
Ones a rusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean! ahahhahahahahah 
Piece of cake.
A Zebra
I think the whole thing is a huge miss-steak. 
Apparently they deliver large plane's 
Shit in her cunt. (its just a joke people)
/OP looks around/
Finishing.
I know he turns you on but man, that guy just pushes my buttons! 
Because they're great at scatting.
That's because it hasn't come out yet.
A jolly rancher. Credit goes to my friend at school.
because she never had to work her butt off. 
Aye Matey.
I'll let you know when I get to the other side.
One I eat everyday, and the other is an Italian-based flatbread with tomato sauce
I'm not lion. Ill be here all week...

Yea, it was in tents
Vote.
Ehhh never mind. It's over your head.
Your father's cock tastes like blood.
Put a nipple on it.
Radical.
BOOBIES!!!
A tomato in an elevator
A minister! Courtesy of a patient.
They don't just turn on a dime, they pick it up too
Turnover.
IUD
Juanted
The Prostate
the unemployed line.
Coma-toast.
Tyranisu
What do bieber and grumpy cat have in common? They are both pussies who were discovered on the internet. 
A Christian Bale
Ctrl - C, Ctrl - V
Que... so?
Laying mantises. 
His life is obviously taking on a new direction...
Sprite
The ones between 39 and 40.
One of them is a big puss

Romcomnoms
a herbiwhore
No but a tin can. (sorry)
This breed can jump higher than the average house. You might think, WOW, how can this be?  Well, it has very strong legs and the average house can't jump.
I've no idea, you'll have to ask the wife.
Cause he was  Lookin' for loooove in alllll the wrong places.
A wet nose.
He got the sack.
Al Gore Rhythm
Common Sense
You'll get crabs from the cheap one, and lobsters from the other. Heard this years ago, hope this ain't a repost. Cheers
Eat, drink and be Mary
Crimea River. 
Fünf!

Person B: I don't know Person A: Nobody knows. Sniff
Because I have a shitty sense of humor.
Infantry.
One's a President and the other's a pressie dent. i'll see myself out.
As much as you can curry.
Splinters.
A problem. What do you call two Mexicans on the moon? A bigger problem. What do you call all the Mexicans on the moon? Problem solved.
...my phone.
About an hour
Comic downs
They both have wet noses
They both study abroad.
He charged one and let the other off.
Yeah, but I only do it every unce in a while.
It's quiet and embarrassing.
A conclave!
Yeah..he's on the road again.
Not only does it stop on the dime, but it picks it up too!
Sheik Shake
Abortion clinic.
A huge dog and pony show
Check, mate!
An Engineer was unemployed for a long time. He could not find a job so he opened a medical clinic and puts a sign up outside: "Get your treatment for $500, if not treated get back $1,000."  One Doctor thinks this is a good opportunity to earn $1,000 and goes to his clinic.  Doctor: "I have lost taste in my mouth."  Engineer: "Nurse, please bring medicine from box 22 and put 3 drops in the patient's mouth."  Doctor: "This is Gasoline!"  Engineer: "Congratulations! You've got your taste back. That will be $500."  The Doctor gets annoyed and goes back after a couple of days later to recover his money.  Doctor: "I have lost my memory, I cannot remember anything."  Engineer: "Nurse, please bring medicine from box 22 and put 3 drops in the patient's mouth."  Doctor: "But that is Gasoline!"  Engineer: "Congratulations! You've got your memory back. That will be $500."  The Doctor leaves angrily and comes back after several more days.  Doctor: "My eyesight has become weak."  Engineer: "Well, I don't have any medicine for this. Take this $1,000."  Doctor: "But this is $500..."  Engineer: "Congratulations! You got your vision back!  That will be $500."
A faguette
He worked his problem out with a pencil. It was a number 2 pencil.
When your eating pussy and it tastes like shit
A sink.
Because fuck u that's why.
On the second page of a Google result.
"What did one ape say to the other ape. "
Gullible.
Genocide
it had a javelin through it's head.
Text her "He's busy" and turn your phone off. 
boo-bees (boobies)
John Cougar Meloncamp An old joke I haven't heard in ages.
Because the bus hit him.
I couldn't
Depends on who has the best crack.
I can't jelly my dick in your ass
"You raped her! ! You murdered her! ! You killed her children! !
Because only two parties exist for the whole country 
Fairway to Heaven
''My, God! Dear, What happened to you?! your Left eye is swollen!''- said my teacher as she guide me to the clinic. ''My father  and mother cuddle last night, and my father asked if I was awake I said Yes. then he punch my Left eye.'' I said while  touching my swollen eyes ''Then, Pretend to be asleep the next time he ask if your asleep, alright?'' said my teacher as we entered the clinic While I was in our Bed i pretend to be asleep and my father asked if I was asleep. I didn't respond then my father and mother begin to make that '' thing '' the bed begun to bounce back and forth as it continue my father shouted '' SARAH, ARE YOU COMMING?! ''  '' YESS, DEAR I'm COMMING! '' I rushingly get up from the bed and shouted '' WAIT, MOMMY AND DADDY I'm COMMING TOO! '' The next day I go to the school covered in Bruises and two swollen eyes.
He wiped.
Because he was anti social.
A Boy Scout comes back from camp.
Because people are dying to get in.
There...their...they're..
A man with a small penis realizing his hot new girlfriend has terrible depth perception.
Ca ba?
I guess that some people just want to see the world turn
Peanut butter and jammies!
mud wasps.  
It's not easy to hike a trail when you're always falling down drunk. 
Finding out it was traced.
The pawlice.
The gearbox in the wife's car...
Because if it had four doors it'd be a chicken sedan.
A mosquito stops sucking after you slap it. (heard this somewhere)
He gets toad.
An "A" frame...
Chuckleslovakia
A chop happy chappy with a crap happy pappy.
So you can read her lips!
I'm just not hoppy anymore man
And what the hell is an egg cunt anyway?  [OC]
They left the plunger in the toilet.
Minivans.
He dyed in his sleep. 
Both of them fill a stadium with 60,000 people shouting " "
Three, one suggests to check if it is plug in, another recommends to reboot the printer, and finally one to check to see if the printer had paper and laugh about how easy the solution was.
A carrot!
Because it was a transgender chicken!
A boobie..
It doesn't sit well.
Haboob

I will take over now, if you allow.
A good personality
1..... Because they are very efficient, but not very funny. Courtesy of my brother 
They always fall back on old habits.
Alane
He was not Boeing.
surgery? But... was this not an autopsy???!!!
A vegetarian. 
Between you and me, our neighbor is a dick.
Because when they left the old country, immigration officers put a sticker on their lapel that read To NY.
It folded.
Allah mode.
Eve stole first, Adam stole second, and Abel struck out.
An eternally suffering abomination...YOU MONSTER!
He lays awake at night wondering if there really is a dog.
Sure, you know how it works, but now it's dead.
Constipated? Naw, that's never gonna come out.
US: "NATO my watch!"
full.
Because they don't like to judge anyone.
He holds it up to the socket and the world revolves around him.
Roll a penny down a hill.
They found him aPEELing.
Or am I shoving mine up to far?
By using a spookey!
Hint: It's a dead giveaway.
not enough hops

My ass!
One hundred people who don't do dick.
It said that it had 20 cookies in it.
They planet!
The Jew, home court advantage
I might tell you tomorrow.
Because she had no arms.  Knock Knock.  Whose there?? Not Megan.
The spaghetto
In hertz! 
Detroitus
There are literally Sicilians. 
Amumu
It's not the passengers fault, it's the not the flight attendants fault, it's the asphalt. 
He had Auschwitzim
There's a KFC at the end of the finish line.
A cucumber 😜
Hunch-black of Notre Dame
Park your car man.
He had a bit of a puzzle in his hands
I'll supply the dough, you bring the toppings.
tequila
A baked potato.
I've heard of it but don't know what it means?
Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless it's at least 20% off. 
A gorilla pooped on his face.

lol 
A 7 year-old girl who can run faster than her brothers.
a HULK RASH!!!!
Cuz she left the plunger in the toilet. - Jackie Martling
Boys and girls.

They taste like chicken.
Yarrrrrn.
Two: one to change it and another one to change it back again.

A percushion
Cotton mouth
Carlos-t
Mississippi.
Please sir, I don't want any treble.
my supply was short.
INDIGO!
A meowntain
Parents
Sub-WUB-WUB-WUB-way
He didn't want to get spotted.
He says Tyrannosorry.  
They're to die for.
"I heard some shits about to go down!"
I mean, America had four fathers and it turned out alright
A Pickle and I lied about the wheels. 
hitcoin
A stagger-saurus. 
[deleted]
Nothing, he just waved.
Bob Jones.  
They don't like triggers
Pilgrims.
She was told that the most effective way would be to shoot herself through the heart, just below her left breast... She woke up in hospital with a gunshot wound to her knee.
His mom was in a jam!
Life support.
The police. 
A horse

Officer.
None, just the one black guy they get to do it so they can tell him how oppressed he is.
The gearbox in my wife's car.
He just came out of the cupboard.
A super-calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
Red bull and merlot
Q:Why are all Quaker truck drivers stuck in the 1980's? A: Because they are Haulin' Oats!
An Alcapelca... yeah that was bad.. sorry world..
None.
A boogati!
I don't know, I don't have 2020 vision.
Finding a donor. Truth is funnier than fiction. Got this one straight from today's   Smithsonian  .
Wipe your face
Because she found her honey!
A redditor.
A virgin
I've never had a garbanzo on my face.
Nothing.
Well they [deleted]
They both stop sucking when The Police are around.
You better not make a habit out of this.
Juan shot, Juan kill.
Because whenever one started up, the big blades would go "wop...wop... wop" and the little blades would go "guineaguineaguinea".
Wataaahh 
Common sense
I'd like some H20 please.
Try to get a long well.
You summit.
An accountant you sexist fucker.
I'll be Bach.
M'mosa
Juan on Juan! 
Deer Balls.   They're under a buck!
You get 8 more.
M'Larynx 
It gets toad away
A queerium
He took her for granite. 
Bcoz they are single, have no kids, got nailed and serve alcoholic beverage.
To suck my fuckin' dick!
Doesn't matter how many femenists try, they can't change anything. Alternatively, they just hold it up and wait for the world to revolve around them. 
Everyone.
An expert in psychic phenomena is giving a conference to a group in Dublin. The speaker asks, "If I may be so bold, has anyone here ever seen a ghost?"  Some people raise their hands. "Good" he says. "Now, has anyone here ever touched a ghost?" Again, a few people raise their hands. "Excellent. I see we have an experienced group! But... Has anyone here ever had sex with a ghost?" One little man at the back raises his hand. Intrigued, the speaker says, "Good grief! Do you mean to say you've actually had sex with a ghost?" "Oh, a ghost?" says the man, "I thought you said a GOAT."
Answer: Teenage girls. Why? Because they are cunts. 
Two. One to hold the light bulb and one to drink until the room spins.
Park your car man.
68, cause at 69 you flip over
How have you been?
"The Empty Plate"
'Eclipse it Thought it was relevant to today's eclipse...
None. They just blame feminism for the darkness.
Brakedance.
Just one. They are very efficient and don't have much of a sense of humor.
Because the marathon was sponsored by Nike
It was really successful - the prophets just kept on coming

They both spread for bread
They were always either Russian or Stalin.
A veteran Aryan
Poli, Nate
Trick question: Feminists don't change anything.
The one in the wheelchair.
"Honey I'm down at the pub having a pint with the lads.  Be home in about 30 min.  If I'm not back by then please read this message again."
Two. One to post it and another to create a better punchline in the comments.
Ebola
Two. One to keep browsing Reddit and another to get someone else to do it.
He didn't binge, though, he just purged.
A:Your mom OOOOOOOooooooOOOOOOooooo

Can I push your stool in?
It e-loaf-es! :)
A LOT.
Denim denim denim...denim denim demin I'll see myself out now...thank you
A bowling ball.  Or Bruce Wayne's parents. 
Namaste
An amazing PUN-chline. it has to be a real knockout
None. They just beat the room for being black.
He works them out with a pencil.
Mental Abuse To Humans
That's not funny.

A Bee-Hind
She fell out of the tree! I may not be a girl, but I'm blonde and find blonde jokes hilarious. xD
Aye matey!
Your penis.
With a blue elephant gun. You hold his trunk until he turns blue, then you shoot him with the blue elephant gun Edit: My 5 year old nephew loves this joke. 
Because I'd like to put foreign you.
Chickenbutt
Because he was alfredo the dark!
unevening.
He paints his hooves red.
Ben and Jerry's....
I don't know really.
You can tune a chainsaw.
Dr. Dre! 
Because he was barefooted!!!
Heil lights.
Unawerewolf
Because it's all about the delivery.
Ten. One to change the lightbulb and nine to blog about how empowering it was.
Allah take the flight controls
A hardened criminal.
Let's Rock and Roll. 
Hot cross bunnies!
When it fails
Because she will "Let It Go.
Nothing.
Ebola Cereal
Jennifer is 21 years older than her son Douglas. 6 years from now, Jennifer will be 5 times as old as Douglas. Question: Where is Jennifer's husband? Solution: J=D+21 J+6=5(D+6) According to my math, Douglas has −3/4 years, which means -9 months. Pregnancy lasts for nine months, so Jennifer's husband is in the bed with her right now. Sauce: 
Her clam smells like fish!
You only need one nail to hang up the picture.
Because he is a racist.
Kryptocurrency
A short one with no punchline 
His dick tastes like shit
The toothfairy.
Elle Vader. 
Speak now, or forever hold your piss.
Bach Bach Bach Bach
Rigatoni
My refrigerator doesn't fart when I pull my meat out of it.
Re-tail.
You would to if ur name was arrghhvjvjvkkrhvy 
Just don't pay her
If we stick together we can stop this shit. 
I dunno, they just seem a bit shady.
Do you even, bro?
You can negotiate with a terrorist.
The hippie carrying it.  What's dumber than that? The yuppie buying it.  What's dumber than that? The box of rocks
A  gressman
Aye Matey!  (Edit: Say it out loud if you don't get it)
You take him for a drag.
A dogfish!
Because you can have your vagina and eat it, too!
Senseless Slaughter... 
Nothing.  She just gagged a little.
No, because it's no longer awesome. Thanks.
You: You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna! Person getting told joke: What about the jar of glue? You: I knew you'd get stuck there
Even when he's not joking, he's kidding.
Chili today, Hot Tamale...
Because of the flashbacks.
Neither has she.
One has claws at the end of its paws and one is a pause at the end of a clause.
Park in it, man.
Computer chips.
Because he told his wife he cheated on her.
Because he couldn't resistor... Old but classic!
There's nothing athletes want more to see in a magazine than sports and illustrations.
Hy-Ayy-nas
He's up all night to get Loki.
Piers Morgan.
A Brazilian!
They were Marooned.
Blame it on the night
A sunken chest and no booty.
You start to laugh, than I will tell you that.
Slopéz
or just his career?

they have a shawl in temple
It varies from person to person. 
White Vans. I'll be here all week.
Get to the back of the oven...
Because if they had 4 doors they'd be a chicken sedan.
He didn't reich the finish line.
A Chicken Sedan
Puns.  Fuck puns.
Virgin immobile. Loosely based off the nun in a wheelchair joke.  
A triple Entendre. History jokes, man. they're killers.
..A pilot you fuckin racists
Arrrish
M
A quarter pounder with cheese.
It gets Blinded I excuse myself out.
Depends how hard you throw them
Your penis. 
An Amish drive by shooting.
I don't know.  He still hasn't opened it.
Nobody grew the balls to do it.
The grass tickles their balls
He hadn't got a leg to stand on.
A pigment of your imagination.
a dozen people that don't do dick.
She left him a "John Deere" letter
Because he never let the dust settle.
Nevermind, I shouldn't spread it. Thank you TheAustr0naut
HAND EYEEEEE..........
They gave each other the willies.
Two Wongs don't make a white
Are ye alright in the back there lads?
Hey, is that you coffin?  Ba-dum-tsk...
Paddy O'Furniture
Ground Beef
She had no arms.
He kneaded the doe.   (Doesn't work too well in text)
Because he rarely shaved the balls.
I'm stoked!
He puts himself in the other person's shoes and then walks away.
I've never paid to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
"This is an actual question"
play got your nose with him
Someone threw a fridge at her. It's not supposed to make sense
Bombay.
Criminal Intent.
Bob.
Because there are no pennies to pick up off the ground.
As far away as possible.  shameful 
He was all right.  Andddd I'll see myself out.
Squash one and deal with the other later.
Don't make me stone you to death..
The Just-Ice League.
A female's issues. They won't ever be able to get over them.
Checkmate!
Pat MiGroin.  Yeah, my grandpa just told me that one...some visual images cannot be unseen. 
Walking. Jk Rowling.
A New Delhi
The time has come.
For a $5 footlong.
Always thought you was a bit spineless.
The one with the least mew.
Tramnear Rovers
Both are a play on words.
Unique up on it.
Because he didn't want to be spotted. 
I guess that's what happens when you toot on Common.
Rubberto
About 2 inches.
Chrome.
The Big Foreplay. 
Nice belt.
Ukrainian take away.
Two, but no one knows how they got in there.
Well, you can sleep with a light on.
Because all of his children needed new shoes.
I don't know, I can't get them outside of the house. 
They don't know Hutu blame.
Namaste
A beatboxer.
That's my nigger and I'll paint him whatever color I want!
I can clearly see your nuts!
Shine a flashlight in his ears
They Russian. I'll also see myself out.
You can't tuna fish.
-1
Do you even lift?
Because you put on the wrong sock this morning.
Lawsuits.
A seasoned veteran
A cat.
Condescending
Their occupation makes them very shelf conscious.
"Sorry sir, the morgue is closed after 6."
Because all their best runners, jumpers, and swimmers are in America.
I can't believe I blew 50 bucks back there!
Typo
Nevermid, it's too long.
because they wanna look like their mother.
Clash of Clams
Pretty good.
Boil the hell out of it.
That it's a fucking joke.

They're cheap.
Brown people kept approaching him saying, "Aloha, Ackbar!"
Nobody knows
Because they're typo negative
Names
This fork just isn't cutting it.
Because they're easier to spot
A virgin.
an ॐlette
They're calling the operation Cheesus of Nazareth...
sweetzerland
B to cancel evolution
ECE
"How do you drink through that?"
Meet me in the corner!
Buuuurrrrrr!!!
A rip off
Because Vlad is Putin everyone in their place. I'll let myself out.
You put a nipple on it.
Tell him he is racist. 
A frog in a blender. 
Because Pol Pot's followers are called Potheads.
A contemplate
A Rap Tour
It never ends.
An Orangy

Nothing.
Because Jesus was born in a barn.
Depresso
A shamrock.
Jager bombs
Banana Skin
They don't find them Hume-erous.
If People were made of irons.
An eggshibitionist
A torque-y sandwich.
Three.  A left ear, a right ear, and a final frontier.
1 Terrahertz
Because the resemblance was uncanny.
It got cancelled.  There wasn't enough legroom. 
Psi Phi.
A walk... budumdum tssssss
A stick. I'll see myself out now.
Sir Cumference
Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.
Pissed off
Run, she's got a grenade in her mouth.

well I'm glad I've gotten that cleared up
He slipped and got the sack.
Bullied
"Moo." What did the cow saw when she fell into a ditch? "Moo." What did the cow say when she fell onto the electric fence? "Moo." What did the cow say when she got hit by a train? "Why does everything always happen to meeee?" Protip: My dad wrote this joke for me when I was six.
None. Because they can't change anything.
Because they are not sea-men.
Scrabble. 
Past Tents
A blind guy with a rubix cube
Hebrews it!
How do you drown a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a swimming pool﻿.

2 in the front, 3 in the back, and 95 in the ashtray.
Because none of them fucking work
At least the food won't take away their rights. Do a little oppression of their own. 
No atmosphere
Some dick rear-ended him.
Good Faraday to you, sir!
A stripper 
[removed]
A gummy bear.
Tax Inspectre
A Con-Yay!
Christian Bale.
Because she's never spoonfed anyone anything.
A stick
A rip off.
Alzheimer. I'd rather drink my beer shaking than forget to to drink it.
A baby polar bear says to his mum, "Mum, am I a real polar bear?" and his mother smiles at him and answers, "Why yes sweetheart, of course you're a real polar bear. Your father is a real polar bear, his father before him, and as far back as I can remember, we are all real polar bears, through and through. Why ever do you ask, honey?" To which her son replies, "Because I'm fucking freezing."
Where ever you left him!
Shredded tweet.
It's in tents.

30 in the ashtray
At the Hickory Dickory Dock!
Boo-ddhism
He's all right now.
I mean, just in terms of not letting themselves get crucified.
I think we can exploit them by increasing our amount of sweatshops.
He drank his coffee before it was cool.
Pokémon
Your mom's pussy
It was a great way to get out of kids' bedrooms unheard.
WANNA RIDE BIKES???
We have zero inclination.
Dick you idiot.
You're high-on-pot...enuse. Thanks Key&Peele, I'll see myself out.
All the way
Slippers.
Not sure, but the flag is a big plus.
A-flat minor.
A stick
A tomato in an elevator.
Because you ran: It's past tents. I'll show myself out. 
Half of them are lyin'.
What's a similarity between anal sex and spinach? If one or the other was forced upon you as a child, you won't like it as an adult.
To get to the other side. 
Impounding your mother
A sedimentary.
Because we're all a little obtuse.
Fa Ting
Blue painting
I heard it was quintessential.
A Little Endian -I'll get the door.
Because all of the slow ones are in jail.
He was galactose-intolerant. I'm sorry.
Das Jude
A Crip
Ovaries-y
How you bean?
Two policemen call the station on the radio. "Hello. Is that you Sarge?" "Yes?" "We have a case here. A woman has shot her husband for stepping on the floor she had just mopped clean." "Have you arrested the woman?" "No sir. The floor is still wet.
First, you put the cricket on a box, tap the box, and you see that the cricket jumps away. Now, you cut his legs off, put him on a box, tap the box, and you'll see that the cricket does not jump away.
Zimbab-Bee!
With your bare hands.
Not Z.
Apparently not 3, because my basement is still dark.
A dead horse with a duster in his ass
he realized he was a Bartender
Baaaa......Baka....Baka....Baka! 
U. Fuck U.
Because  Sin 90 = Cot 45!
Who knows, there is no tax record of it.
Whore knee
They hold a runoff election.
They can tell when the girls are faking it. (This joke best after a few drinks)
A butt quack.  Hahahahha I'm funny ...
What did the Physics professor say when he forgot his lines of a speech? Give me a moment...ummmm.(momentum)
SEVEN.
A sandy hook.
An Engineer was unemployed for long time. He could not find a job so he opened a medical clinic and puts a sign up outside: "Get your treatment for $500, if not treated get back $1,000." One Doctor thinks this is a good opportunity to earn $1,000 and goes to his clinic. Doctor: "I have lost taste in my mouth." Engineer: "Nurse, please bring medicine from box 22 and put 3 drops in the patient's mouth." Doctor: "This is Gasoline!" Engineer: "Congratulations! You've got your taste back. That will be $500." The Doctor gets annoyed and goes back after a couple of days later to recover his money. Doctor: "I have lost my memory, I cannot remember anything." Engineer: "Nurse, please bring medicine from box 22 and put 3 drops in the patient's mouth." Doctor: "But that is Gasoline!" Engineer: "Congratulations! You've got your memory back. That will be $500." The Doctor leaves angrily and comes back after several more days. Doctor: "My eyesight has become weak." Engineer: "Well, I don't have any medicine for this. Take this $1,000." Doctor: "But this is $500..." Engineer: "Congratulations! You got your vision back! That will be $500."
Nobody nose. My 8-year-old niece claims she made this up. I have my doubts.
Smoke on the water. ... My most sincere apologies.
Kermit The Frog's fingers.
When they make sandwiches, because they're man-spreading.
Neo, you are the Juan ... I'll show myself the door...
Cancer came back 
Nothing! This is real life.
Ciudad...
Cross-Country Running
A humanitarian. 
"I'm not Willie Nelson."
A lawyer was just waking up from anesthesia after surgery, and his wife was sitting by his side. His eyes fluttered open and he said, "You're beautiful!" and then he fell asleep again. His wife had never heard him say that so she stayed by his side. A couple of minutes later, his eyes fluttered open and he said, "You're cute!" Well, the wife was dissapointed because instead of "beautiful," it was "cute." She asked, "What happened to 'beautiful'?" His reply was "The drugs are wearing off!"
A pilot you racist.
hell if i know.
Because freedom rings.
Kermit The Frog's finger. 
Yeah! It was great, how could I "Pho-get-abouttit"
They coral
Do you know what 6.9 is? A good thing screwed up by a period.
Because he ate plenty of fruits and vag.
You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna!
They were never comfortable with integration.
I've always liked the joke from "Friends", that Ross has geology rocks! written in his childhood notepad. I also thought you could say geometry rules! Can you guys think of any others?
They make up everything. Credit to   from an askreddit thread about what not to trust.
What is the difference between a GOOD and a BAD girl?  A GOOD girl goes to a party, goes home then goes to bed.  A BAD girl goes to a party, goes to bed then goes home.
A: rolaids
A person who stays up all night wondering whether or not there is a dog.
Bean dip
Because everything isis
Lots of Pounds.
He drank his coffee before it was cool
A pretentious connoisseurous.
"Hold onto your nuts, this isn't going to be an ordinary blowjob!"
Because he was an Art-Offical Intelligence 
A submarine
He worked it out with a pencil. What does this joke mean?
They're rrrrribbet for her pleasure!

I mean, it is only hanging by threads...
So they have somewhere to put their dip at lunch. 
He got his by a bus.  My little brother just told me this!😳
They can't elope.
So they can stamp out fires. Why do elephants have flat feet? So they can stamp out flaming ducks.
Qué Qué Qué
Alive.
Shell fish......
When the rooster wakes, his primal urge is to cluck defiance.
He lost the huile d'olive. 
9 year old Nephew: Triangle?? No Square??
The Que Que Que.
The lesbian. She got there lickity split while the gay guy was still packing his shit. 
Because he was outstanding in his field. 
It's a real guzzler. 
An itheberg.
An astronaut.
In the mainstream
Gluten Morgen!
Police are saying he topped himself.
He wanted cold cuts.
Everywhere.
Because refrigerator obesity is on the rise.
Because you're MR (squared)
He pasta way. We cannoli do so much. His legacy will be a pizza history. Edit: Thank you for getting this on the front page!
The captain's log.
You take off your boots to jump on a trampoline 
A: Homeless. 
Let's go ride our bikes!
A small medium at large.
The picture only needs one nail.
Catholic priests
The blasfemur
A bul-dog-gi
Kick his sister in the jaw.
One is a cunning runt.
Patty O'furniture.

Everyone started partying like it was $19.99.
Knock knock Who's there? I eat mop. I eat mop who!
It didn't want to get stuck in any cracks.
An aware wolf.
A teabag stays in the cup longer
A pro boner.
She wiped her arse.
A where wolf.
A stillborn.
Space Bars
Attempted murder
Hitler Hit. Stalin Stalled.
Robin/Nightwing - depends how big it is
nothing
nothing, theyre both stuck up cunts edit: special thanks to justinjoytheride
The vegan club
A Bondana.
2 calves, an ass, a beaver, a shitload of hares, 1 camel toe and a fish nobody can find.
White Russian, Straight
Because it didn't want to get stuck in any cracks. 
I'm the shit.
A Spanish teacher was explaining to her class that in Spanish, unlike English, nouns are designated as either masculine or feminine. "House" for instance, is feminine: "la casa." "Pencil," however, is masculine: "el lapiz." A student asked, "What gender is 'computer'?" Instead of giving the answer, the teacher split the class into two groups, male and female, and asked them to decide for themselves whether "computer" should be a masculine or a feminine noun. Each group was asked to give three reasons for its recommendation. The men's group decided that "computer" should definitely be of the feminine gender ("la computer"), because: The women's group, however, concluded that computers should be Masculine ("el computer"), because: The women won.
To get another Golden Globe.  Tina Fey walks into the Tina Fey,the Tina Fey asks "How can i Tina   Fey you ?to which Tina Fey reply,"Ah just give me a Tina Fey"  and then leaves with a Golden Globe.  Unbreakable is good.  
I immediately stopped telling people I was xenophobic when I realized it doesn't mean "afraid of xenomorphs".
I've never paid good money for a lentil on my chest. ( credit to the guy who told this on tv Fri night )
Attire
He's all right now.
The man replies: This is wrong english, you should say 'Hi, How are You?'
Because it didn't.
Private employee starts work checking email. Public official starts works making a coffee.
Just two, as long as they can find a way in.
A rip off
Whenever they get a corner, they will set up a shop.
None!
Islam Dunk

The second one.
because it scares the shit out of their dogs.
Times New Ramen
"I want to go to Miami!"
Because he just watched his mom get plowed.

One's a legacy, the other a sea of legs.
Spatula.
She tried to read the speed limit sign.
Beats me.
They say he went out "buns-a-glazing"
Attire.
European.
It was soda pressed
This is a true story. Many many years ago, before drink driving laws were as strong as they are today, a friend of my Dads, lets call him Dave, was leaving the pub, keys in hand and a hefty number of pints on board. "Jesus, am I all right to drive" he wonders as he misses the ignition with the keys for the third time. "Sure I'll be grand. Right onwards and sidewards" and off into the night he trundles. He gets on the motorway, desperately trying to keep things together when all of a sudden he realises that he's past his exit. "F**k it" he shouts, and determined not to have to drive up to the next exit stops the car and kicks it into reverse backing his way up to the exit. Next thing he knows another car is coming up from behind slamming on the brakes. The two cars almost stop in time, but not quite and collide. So Dave sits there for a second, not sure what to do, when his car is lit up with flashing blue lights. "Oh Balls" he thinks "F**kin cops, there goes my licence". The cop stops behind the cars and gets out, walks to the first car and starts to chat to the driver. Dave is sitting in his car, looking at the cop in his rear view mirror, now feeling very sober and crapping himself. The cop talks for another few minutes, glances at Daves car a few times with a quizzical look, and then starts the slow walk up to Daves window. "Oh crap oh crap oh crap" Daves thinkin. Here I go. Into the drunk tank. End of the licence. Maybe end of the job. Oh crap, and as the cop gets to Daves window he winds it down. "Well sir," the cop says "are you ok?" "Yes officer"  "Well, if you're all right you can go on. This guy back here is so drunk he's convinced you were reversing down the road."
Mesothelioma 
It doesn't need cleaning
He kneaded a poo.
Speckle-ed.
Nothing, they never met.
I've never paid money to have a lentil on my face.
The punchline
A baby with forks in it's eyes.
They have a Pho-bia!
"You going to eat that?"
HAAAAAND EYEEEEEEE!
None, they don't use light bulbs. They live in caves and use no forms of artificial energy because they wouldn't want to be perceived as hypocrites or morons.
Your mom can wash her crack and re-sell it. 
Its in case he gets a hole-in-one.
Because he kneeded a poo
'Caution- Hot surface' in braille.
You oscillate it's tit a lot!
Because I have some absolutely a-maize-ing ones!
Her mom rearranged the living room
A knife has a point.
An engineer and a physicist are roommates.  One day a fire starts in the kitchen.  The engineer is the only one home.  He hears the alarm jumps out of bed grabs the fire extinguisher off the wall and puts out the fire and goes back to bed.   The next night a fire starts in the kitchen again.  This time the physicist is the only one home.  The physicist gets out of bed and sees the fire.  He looks at the wall and sees a fire extinguisher.  He then goes back to bed happy knowing that a solution exists.
Nun
Virgin mobile
Because jail is free.
because he was flying solo and went look no hans...
I don't know and I don't care.
One is a group made up of radicals with extremist views.                 And the other group is ISIS.
A Fraudian slip.
Mannecan
He went straight for the juggler
I can't jelly this dick in your mouth.
Audi!
Because every women call his name during sex.
His anaconda don't want none unless you got buns hun.
Cos they're in bread
A: Shit-take Q: How do you say "took a shit" in Japanese? A: Shit-take-mashita
That's because muslims can't drink.
I wore the wrong socks today...
None. They just beat the room for being black.
A piece of ass that will bring a tear in your eyes.
To Mecca Bingo.
They all died because of unknown source :)
I've never made a vitamin...
Because they're all Petra-flied of using the air!
Bing Bing
"People did not like my movie. I guess I am 50 shades of letdown... But I can sure GET UP"!
"Master Bateman."
¡BRRRRRRRRiba!
A friar? A chip monk?
Juán.
1forrest1
"Yargg! Woman! Stop asking me! You're driving me nuts!"
People keep ripping me off.
I've yet to pay money to have a lentil on my face
They can't get their trunks off...
A golfer goes   "damn" and a skydiver goes "damn" 
Primordial soup
(you're mom can't take a joke)
Because she fucks everybody.
One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
She grated it.
He had one-million dollars, but no cents.
Walnuts. . What do you call nuts on a chest? . Chestnuts. . What do you call nuts on a chin? . A blowjob.
Gee, it's hard to say, although he did seem pretty shaken up about it.
Subordinate clauses. ... I'll see myself out.
Hit an Ethiopian in the face with a frying pan.

Because the chicken hadn't evolved yet.
Because they're afraid of Wales!
A lunatic
Tooth hurty.
A: He held up a pair of pants.
I guess he shouldn't have been..... (•_•) ( •_•)>⌐■-■ (⌐■_■) Flying solo.
They both fly, except for the mole...
-> He uses the finest ingredients. 
They can't even..
It was in tents.
Because one more would be too farty
Because your face is UUUUUUGLY!
Because they have appeal
Because when they promise a foot, you know you're only getting three inches. 
Wedding cake
Because air is free. (Stolen from my science textbook)
Parcel tape.
A sunny day.
"It's bacon in there!"
Iron-y
Crib death.
Because it was out of tuna.
"Getting black men off since the O.J. trial."
Microsoft.
Someday my prints will come.
It's because they're not allowed to run in the corridors.
One's a crusty bus station , and the other's a busty crustacean!
Cuz theres a clock on the microwave
Not bad!
[deleted]
Because seven is a well known six offender.
Because nine ate seven!
A flat!
You look at the fresh prints.
"It's going to take me awhile to get hard.  I just got laid by a chick."
An airplane.
Because Mancome wasn't selling
A  ...
For drinking and deriving.
Because they are really good at it
joke of the day: Boy bought gift 4 His Girl friend on breakup party- Girl Friend:Wat the hell would I do with this rocket? Boy: U wanted stars ???? Now sit on it and GET LOST :D hahhahah
Put a little boogie in it! 
Think about it
Denim denim denim 
Cause you're the only miss I ssippi. (I have no clue)
Haaaaaannnnnneeeeeessssss
Finger foods...

neither have they
Satisfying. 
Because if they drug them by the feet the would have filled with dirt.
James Brady.
Post and repost are on a bridge. Post jumps off. Who is left?
Reddit gold.
He puts the diaper back on. 
March 4th
Police are looking for hardened criminals.
Answer:  Because if you only take one, he'll drink all your beer. 
I've never paid to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
Otter space!
He had phantom loads.
The wheelchair 
Because he was Uber busy.
Angela Merkel. 
Because there is no point!
A: De-calf-i-nated.
Women who don't shut up.
His fault. He shouldn't be driving in the kitchen.
Because it makes cents (sense).
... It's a long story
Never mind, it's cheesy.
Shuriken!
"Tigga please!" Sorry, I heard it years ago. I don't remember where or when but I've just been saying alot lately. :p
A stick. My dad used to tell me this all the time when I was little. Still makes me chuckle to this day.
A ripoff. 
No seatbelt.
The Lamp Post.
A: A crocodile Q: what's got a 100 balls and a pair of teeth? A: A singing choir of army veterans
Because no one man should have all that flour.
You don't ejaculate on a hotdog before you eat it.

He fry through it!
They're both ballpark figures.
His professor said he should study hard.
They found him drowned in his teepee.
It's a lot of fun as long as you don't end up with bugs in your teeth.
Very limited fonts.
2 feet of my cock in your ass.  
They're making headlines everywhere
Def Leppard
They produce a lot of endworfins. 
9/12
Kermit the frogs finger (shoutout to Hesher)
When you drop a load into a washing machine it doesn't follow you around for a week. 
Derive, derive, derive!
No body knows! 
A family reunion.
Nothing he just broke the ice.
Why do you care? Shouldn't he be able to cross the road without having his motive questioned? Now let me just... exit through that conveniently placed door..
Their last hit was the wall
Banned from the zoo.
A coconut
M'lybdenum.
A brick
Dropping 2 scoops of ice cream.  What's worse than dropping 2 scoops of ice cream? Getting a hand chopped off.  What's worse than getting a hand chopped off? Getting both hands chopped off.  What's worse than getting both hands chopped off? The Holocaust.  What's worse than the Holocaust? Dropping 3 scoops of ice cream. 
Flap Flap The Giraffe was walking around the savannah, when a helicopter came in to land.   The giraffe looked up, and then :::flap flap::: the giraffe!

It saves its sole. 
When Hitler found out, he was führer-ious.
A little con-descending
Women 
Because it's in da-skies!
Tequila Mockingbird.
Because he was a dirty double crosser!
Nein.
He just told her " I guess I just had to 'let it Gogh'. EDIT: removed the u from gogh
A bad habit.
Because Japan isn't good at basketball. 
They marched in backwards and the Polish thought they were leaving
One.  They just hold the lightbulb and cry until the universe spins around them.
This was my grandfathers all time favorite joke. Pop Pop: What's red and dingle dangles from the ceiling? Me: I don't know... Pop Pop: A Red dingle dangle of course! Pop Pop: What's green and dingle dangles from the ceiling? Me: A green dingle dangle! Pop Pop: No they only come in Red. Me: :|
As someone who has passed their prime. 
The dog had skid marks in front of it.  
Linda Mcartney
Beautician says: you want me to put a black cock in your mouth?
A dick in a box.
Asses and faces
Jew Lee
It had a reptile dysfunction!
Similar to the way the   that way we can see if it's just a one liner, a short setup or a long epic? I'm not entirely sure this is the place to put this, so if there's a better spot can someone tell me?
One. We're efficient not funny!
The Tooth Fairy.
A naughty strawberry 
Why are you shaking? She's gonna eat me.
Typo
Tulips on my pianist.
So they can run their fingers through their hair.
"It was a business doing pleasure with you."
About 6 hours. 
Cute, but how do you pick up peanuts with it?
Me:  Yeah.  She was stabbed in California, in broad day light.  The one from legally blonde.   Reese....Something.... with-er... um...with-uh... ..ummm... Friend: Witherspoon? Me:  No.  With a knife.
I hear it's fair in height
[Answer is in the comments]
Don't poop where you scoop.
Get jalapeño business
A: She can't find the eleven.
I appreciate the sediment. 
The harder you hit 'em, the more English you get out of them.
A rooster says, "Cock-a-doodle-doo.". A surfer says, "Dude, a Cock will do.".
Falawful.
Hey, ja!
How to finger A minor
Me either, it got cut short. 
Out of the trash and into the garbage
They both started out black and blue then became white and golden
Because it clogs its SINGAPORES!
Because he thought people were taking him for granite.
Wom
Because he had a Halloweenie!
A lady asked me if I thought she was wearing to much makeup. I told her it depends ... on whether she was trying to kill Batman or not.
Because it makes up everything.
A Grammar Nazi
That was your fault!!!
Nice belt
Beer nuts are $1.25 but deer nuts are always under a buck.
An addictionary Alternatively: High definition 
You don't. You get down from a goose.
Hambush
Because he isn't real.
Ovary-acting 
Take away his credit cards. I'll let myself out...
The Neck-Romancer
We both barely last 14 seconds and leave our partners underwhelmed. 
Because he had a Halloweenie! (Hollow-weenie)
All his cousins are male!
You kick her in the groin.
I'm putin' that guy to sleep
ISIS
Because it looks like Picasso painted you.
When he's an alien! I'll see myself out now
AIDS for humanity

Because he has only been convicted mythdemeanors.
One is a group of cunning runts and the other is a group of running cunts.
Three. One left ear, one right ear, and a Final Front-ear.
Break-fist
Its those damn acidic jews!
First time posting to  .
A violin has strings and a fiddle has strangs.
Methrandir
Every time your girlfriend goes to the bathroom, you take 5 shots.
Three: a left ear, a right ear, and the last front ear.  
Socialize
A-flat "minor"
I fucked your mom
A sneezing ticket holder.
So I asked the question," Black and Blue or Gold and White" ? "It doesn't matter Sir" replied the Police Officer "Your wife still has extensive bruising"
The victims of 9/11. They went through 87 stories in 10 seconds. 
[deleted]
Banned from the zoo.
Dang ol' Dangle dangle.
Irrelephant.
He spent the night in a warehouse.
Because of the people that fathered them.
Sir.
Don't worry, they'll tell you.
He asked a kid to run across the street and buy him a pack of cigarettes. The kid was like, "No way man, fuck you." So the man ran over himself.
Change the drinking age to 25
They can't handle their liquor--They always black out
His son with the xbox.
I'll get in your face and you blow it out of proportion.
It's mizzen.
Sure, "abcdefghiJK."
You get one from snatching a kiss. 
At las!
Yeah, well she's been asking about you

Because one is un oeuf
"Yeah, uh huh, you know what it is."
His name was Jim.
A big wave.
Just ice.
What can kill you with a glance and goes "Hittthhh"? The Basilisp.
Because they have big fingers! Not mine. Told to me by my late grandfather, funniest pastor ever. :)
Nothing, he just let out a little wiiiine.
ARGGGLLLAGHHHHGAAAAA
Def Leopard
The hacked him to death.
Selfless
a PUNchline
He's ok he can stop whenever he wants.
Because he doesn't need sleepAIDS.
Inspecto Elemento
A: A wind tunnel.
Somebody had an idea.
They both wriggle when you eat them. 
Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out the window
Seriously, I gotta figure out how many slaves I need to buy
Something in Japanese.
ded-ant.. ded-ant.. ded-ant dedan deadANT~~~ dedandead-annnnnt #  d-d-d-deadant.
In the trunk of a car.
He didn't have enough koalifications!
cervical cancer
More than you can shake a stick at
A reptile dysfunction
An oar-gy
He was charged with battery!
He gets out the Bible Belt!
The employees where slacking off.
Kick his sister in the jaw.
To teach women to walk on their hind legs.
To scare off Cat burglars!
A bus full of old people
To indicate where the treasure is buried.

She was alright.
To get to the other slide. 
Cause he knead that dough. ........ Sorry I'm drunk
Let's just say that his backstreet went more than one direction.
Why's your belt so tight bruh?
It's White and all over his land.
Not an iPhone because Apple doesn't support flash
Down in hisssstory!
A pool table.
Men kept disappearing in her black hole! (#69BadJokes buy it like everywhere on-line!) ((unless you're a hater of funny stuff ;))
An American.
Blue and Blue Light.

A flat major
Answer: I don't know. I don't have 2020 vision.
Because they learn about the x-axis.
One you need for a rough patch, the other you need to patch your rough. 
Teeth marks on the toilet seat.
Because they knead dough. 
A condescendant con descending.
He was melting
Depends
Because I want to spreadsheet your legs.
A stick
...right where you put it. 
He was lucky it was a soft drink
A carri-on bag
Auchwhips
Go sit at the back of the oven
Sedimentary, my dear Watson 
BBQ Sauce
Beats me, I just man the drone. 
Hippies screw in dirty sleeping bags!
(Smalltown setting) A kid walks into a small deli store, walks up to the counter and looks in. "Mmmm!  Is that cheddar?  I love cheddar." "Why yes it is son!  How much would you like?" "Oh, I don't really. But you can cut me a slice of that Gouda.  Just to try>" Looking a bit confused, the shopkeeper gave him a piece of Gouda, which he ate. "Oh! You know what I haven't eaten in ages? Tuna salad made with flaked white tuna!" "They're $2.79 a can.  Just one?" "Actually, I'd like one of those Kalamata olives.  Just to try!" Still confused, now a bit angry, the shopkeeper scoops one out and gives it to the boy. "Ohhhh, Havarti!  Is it spicy?" "Yes it's spicy!", the shopkeeper said angrily, as other customers began to chuckle. "How much do you want!" "Nah, I don't like spicy cheese.  But if I could try a slice of that salami there. Just...." "GET OUT OF MY STORE, YOU NITWIT, AND DON'T EVER COME BACK!", the storekeeper yelled as he chased the kid out of the store. That evening the kid's parents went into the store to buy some delis.  It was a small town and he saw them before in the store with their boy. "That son of yours is a menace! He comes in asking about the cheddar, then wants to sample the gouda. Asks about the tuna, then wants to sample the olives. Asks about the havarti then wants to sample the salami.  You need to teach that kid to respect his elders. He ridiculed me in front of my customers!" "Is that so?",asked the father. "I have an idea. You got a nice big stick layin' 'round in your store?" "I sure do!", said the shopkeeper. "Next time he comes around your store, grab him, twisted his arm behind his back and make him apologize!"
Just follow the Fresh Prints!
Denim denim denim
It's called Crystal Meh
TEN TICKLES!!
A plane
Because he was Legoless
Drool
Dude, your dick is hanging out.
A Christian Bail
So he could C#.
A black man who committed a crime.
the black man
Marry her.
Ghandi-sending a condescending con descending Sorry.. I'm tired
Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only six months?  Because on the box it said From 2 to 4 years.
How do you eat with that...
Two cannibals giving each other a blowjob. 
He went straight for the jocular every time
Nothing. You told her twice already… 😀
Zippity Bop, Puddin' pop!
None, because feminists can't change anything. (edit) I should point out that I'm not misogynistic. I just don't like people who expect to be treated better than others without behaving respectfully. That includes chauvinist.
A circle-jerk.
Only thyme will tell.
Go republicans! 
He was blowing off Steam
He was too super fish oil.
Concentration camp.
Inspecting mirrors 
She's throne.
A baked potato. 
Stevie Wonder answering the iron 
He's all right now.
They both had to die to become the icon of saving.
No? Neither have they.
Because the p is silent.
Because they're hill areas....sorry I had to share this cheesy joke I just overheard my coworker tell.
A shortcunt.
Fuck
They take the Psycho path.
It doesn't matter, they'll just compliment it a lot and then complain because it won't screw.
A Rain Deer.
Wiped his ass
That's offal
You oscillate its tits a lot
Celebrity names dropping.
For playing wom
When he eats his first brownie.
Said the man in the pub to the bear. First heard this joke told by Eddie Izzard.
A white horse fell in a mud puddle.
One is a runt with a cache.
Wiped his ass
It's rated RRRR!
Uh, like, can you knot?
Vivisection. 
The turkey said gobble, gobble, gobble. The goat said back abdul akbar before blowing up.
the hitlers!
Everyone I meet won't stop saying Aye!
The UK National Lottery!
Because if they fell forward they'd still be on the boat. :D
At first there is a lot of sucking and blowing, but when it's over your house is gone.
Virgin Mobile
"Revenge!"
Where the funnel be!
Well, well, well...
GerMany
Sir.
Every time he looked between a woman's legs, he saw Bush.
You Barium
A washing machine doesn't cry when it takes a load.
Elephants
Well. I don't know about you guys, but I wouldn't want something that horny chasing me!
When Jesus cleared the temple.

A Chopin board
Boo-Bees....
I remember there was a joke about why women aren't political leaders and the punchline being that they would bicker and argue with each other or something... Anyone know which joke I am talking about?
You don't call her.
One whose career is in ruins.
An investigator. Ba dum tss.
My 10yo is doing a project on  Mississippi and one of it's famous residents was Elvis.  She was doing some research on him and started asking me questions: 10: Dad was Elvis on drugs? M:  Yep....I think he even died on the toilet 10:  Whhaaattt?  Was he going to the bathroom when he died? M:  Not sure, but I do know....it was a pretty shitty way to go Cue:  Laughter explosion, I don't curse around them so the impact was bigger
I don't know, I close my eyes when I masturbate.
"Fine, suture yourself."
"I want my Nickel back!"
Yea, it was in tents. 
Fo Drizzle 
'Pun-kins'
Stick his bill up his arse.
Aaaaaaaaallah Snackbar.

Cause they're white
Because he got his gas bill. 
a faguettè
Hidden Run.
Sesame Street has an Oscar.
Beef Wellington
Won-ton soup
Society What's black on top and white on bottom? Rape
To late, you already clicked the link.
Plutocracy
He neverlands.  I like this joke because it never grows old.  -I saw this on twitter today and laughed, so I thought I would share. 
Get your head in the game.
Her Boyfriend was blonde too!!
Life outside of prison.
Preferably really dark or 'just plain wrong' jokes.
He gets her Dawn.
Its always in the rear of the field.
To go to the motel with her client so they could have some fucking privacy.
He was a fungi.
A cloud.  
Sorry, this option is not available in Beta version.
Antique farm equipment. What do you call a barn full of Mexicans? Updated farm equipment
Nobody wants to marry an underemployed alcoholic.
Staple food to the ceiling!
Because I put on the wrong sock this morning.
Because he bumped his head on the low-way! I guess we're doing 4 year old's jokes today :)
Enough to kill Two and a Half Men.
At 8 -- You take her to bed and tell her a story. At 18 -- You tell her a story and take her to bed. At 28 -- You don't need to tell her a story to take her to bed. At 38 -- She tells you a story and takes you to bed. At 48 -- She tells you a story to avoid going to bed. At 58 -- You stay in bed to avoid her story. At 68 -- If you take her to bed, that will be a story. At 78 -- What story??? What bed??? Who the hell are you???
Financial Stability 
Title.
"Sure"  "Sex"  "... I don't get it."  "Yeah, I know you don't."  
They woke him up.
Witherspoon?  No, she did it with a knife.
Because they are unorthodox.
I tried shoving the handle up my ass but I don't think I had enough lube. What else can I try with it?
It changes your blood type.
A total attention whore. 
I don't know, ask your dad.
69
Militia Etheridge
Cause its white and its on their land.
They both hate the French press
a stick
He'll tell you. 
Sexy kids
Never mind, it's tearable.
He was outstanding in his field.
Because they're delicious.  What?  You've never tried them?  You're missing out.
The great depression
Sir Cumference!
He wanted to taco bout his problems
He-brews it
Because D-shells are too big and B-shells are too small.
...throw a load of dirty laundry in.
Love doesn't burn. What's worst part about making love to a dead baby.  Digging up the coffin. How long does take to play hide and seek with a dead baby?  It depends how small the pieces are.
Shove its bill up its ass.
Messie  Thank you and goodnight. 
Walking JK Rowling 
The pole dance.
Well today I had bacon, fried eggs, toast, and milk. 
Same time next month?
Mouthwash 
She had no arms Knock knock. Who's there? Not Sally. What did Sally get for her Birthday? We don't know, she didn't open it yet.
Cook him some Uncle Ben's

free masonry.
They decided to rig a Tony
"Noth"
I don't know, but you better keep it away from your ass! (Credit: Kenny Hotz)
Oily!
Make them wipe their screen because they think text is a smudge.
Hitler.......
Shoot him he probably stole that bike. What do you do when you see a black man on a bike? Shoot the bike, that's your nigger.
Christopher Walken. -not an original, just wanted to share.
Ewe-substitution
Because she didn't need to re-beat himself.
You get a lot of puse.
High definition Edit: Thanks Reddit for the upvotes, I'm glad you guys finally liked something that I posted. Thanks internet!
enough to kill 2 1/2 men.
He was out of bounds
Wrong
Because she was out standing in her field.
That thing sure is cute, but can it pick up peanuts?
"Come, spot!"
Oopsie daisies.
Maamilade! Tada....... anyone? Anyone? I'll get my coat
Poke her face. A joke from a 3 year old who thought it was hilarious, but probably didn't understand it. 
Tea-Rex
bad drivers.
Man, deep
The hooker because she can wash her crack and sell it again.
So there won't be a World War III.
With little Nazis.
Jews
Polaroids
Because 7 8 9 A.
The Tooth Fairy!
Someone who is out-standing in his field!
Neither one is a squirrel.
What do you call a man with one extra finger on his left hand?    John Dillinger.
"I'm not ready to get hard yet, I just got laid!"
Wedding cake. 
Hang out here while I go inside.
Infidel Castro.
Chi-LE!!!!!!!!!! My girlfriend came up with that one hope u guys love it as much as I do!!!!! :)
"TOUGH TITTIES!"
Go for the juggler!
 Put it in Putin!
It became entally handicapped
Because Windows 7 8 9
Because they're fatter. 
A bomb in a bull snowman.
So people can see them surrender from afar. Edit: wrong form of the form "wear"
Plagiarism!
They both love Ten D's
All women are complicated.
Because he was SO-DIMM!
Meat Patty
About 9 months.
Because Australians mate...
man-go juice!
You cry when you cut up the onion.
An alligator.
It was in tents.
For the 23rd flavor.
A bright eye deer.
Young boy is curious and asked his father where people come from dad says "well son it goes way back to Adam and eve and they were mother and father to everyone" Young boy still confused asks his mother "Mommy where do people come from?" She responds with "well after years of evolution we evolved from monkeys and gorillas" The young boy even more confused now goes back to his father for and explanation and he replys "well son your mother was talking about her side of the family"
A PALM TREE!!!
Three older ladies were discussing the travails of getting older.  One said, "Sometimes I catch myself with a jar of mayonnaise in my hand in front of the refrigerator and can't remember whether I need to put it away, or start making a sandwich." The second lady chimed in, "Yes, sometimes I find myself on the landing of the stairs and can't remember whether I was on my way up or on my way down. The third one responded, "Well, I'm glad I don't have that problem; knock on wood!" as she rapped her knuckles on the table, then told them "That must be the door, I'll get it!"
You can't marmalade your dick up your girlfriend's arse.
Bacon.
A man walks into a small shop and asks the shopkeeper: "Do you have any straws?" The shopkeeper replays: "Yes" The guy then says: "Then put thim in your ass" and leaves. The shopkeeper is shocked but says nothing and goes back to business.  The next day the same guy comes and asks again: "Do you have any straws?"  "Yes" the shopkeeper replays. "Then put them in your ass" says the guy before leaving again. The shopkeeper is infuriated.  but this time he waits for the guy.  The next day the same guy comes again and asks the same question: "do you have any straws" The shopkeeper yells angrily: "NO" The guy then replays: "Then give me some of those in your ass". The shopkeeper then had a giggle and shot him A friend of the guy says that he was smiling when they buried him after.  Edit: Rip in peace
FedEx Kinky's
TBC
I wrote you a song but it's only one verse... But it's only because you're my UNIVERSE ...lol...
What do you get when you cross an Aboriginal with a Caucasian? A half decent person.
Cuz I'd like to go home from the baa and ram ewe.
They do beat around the bush...
Pigs in the mud.
A midget walks under a bar.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lickalotapuss. What do you call a gay dinosaur? A megasoreass.
Fidel Sass-tro
What starts with "F" and ends with "UCK"?  "FIRETRUCK"!!! What were you thinking?  What starts with "P" and ends with "ORN"?  ..."POPCORN"!!  What were you thinking?!?!?!
Human Resources. 
He didn't play well with udders.
A faguette
A junk shop.
Baaaah bye!
Because he was a fungi 
Cancer.
A bunch of moooovers.
Gruyèauuuurrrrrrrrrr
His pants fit him like a glove.
Because he is stronger than you. 
Acne doesn't come on your face till about thirteen.
A real pain in the ass!
Because she was his sole mate.
Regression therapy
Everywhere.
The polar bear, because he's polar! 
You can't hear an enzyme
You boil the hell out of it. 
No, because the "p" is silent.
Because he was Haydn.
Poohnanni
Mack-Le-More!!!!!!
Christopher Reeve.
Daddy issues
A homo-genius mixture
Because other people took the bait.
The meat was fowl.
Well, this morning I had scrambled eggs, hash browns, a side of bacon, a glass of milk...
You hear about them but never see them
Crust-asian
A woman can understand irony and satire without being offended.
Because it had too many issues.
He couldn't reach the final solution. 
Because when they find the position, they can't find the momentum, and when they have the momentum, they can't find the position. 
A traveller who is a huge fan of seafood arrives in Boston for the first time.  He leaves the airport and hails a cab.  After he gets in, he excitedly says to the cabbie, "Hey, I'm new in town.  Can you tell me a good place to go to get scrod?"  The cabbie replies [in a thick Boston accent], "Pal, I've got to congratulate you.  I've heard that question a lot over the years, but that's the first time I've ever heard it in the pluperfect subjunctive."
A bromosectional
Their hump has no bone.
Q: Doctor, before you performed the autopsy, did you check for a pulse? A: No. Q: Did you check for blood pressure? A: No. Q: Did you check for breathing? A: No. Q: So, then it is possible that the patient was alive when you began the autopsy? A: No. Q: How can you be so sure, Doctor? A: Because his brain was sitting on my desk in a jar. Q: But could the patient have still been alive nevertheless? A: It is possible that he could have been alive and practising law somewhere.
Ask your mom. (Sorry if this has already been posted)
Because I want to give you a midnight ride!
Teabrew.
Michael Jackson the third.
Because no matter what, women are always right, even when they're full of shit.
Lo Meintenance
He is well known for being outstanding in his field. 
Every time his wife gets hot he beats her with a shovel. 
The crow bar. 
Because he was looking for Pooh!
The mooovies. pls tell to friends.
...Their dicks. Where else? (is bad i know)
Because it wasn't big enough to be a Buck.
A horribly depraved piece of human garbage.
I am not sure but I think it will come out a bit zonkey
At a crow bar. 
A cereal killer!

Snowd-en
Because seven's a six offender.
"Daddy."
a Stick
They both think they can fly.
Because they're "heel areas" ... I'll show myself out
I'm floored!
As you are aware, ships have long been characterized as being female (e.g., "Steady as she goes" or "She's listing to starboard, Captain!")  Recently, a group of computer scientists (all males) announced that computers should also be referred to as being female. Their reasons for drawing this conclusion follow:  Five reasons to believe computers are female: However, another group of computer scientists, (all female) think that computers should be referred to as if they were male. Their reasons follow: Five reasons to believe computers are male: 
They compliment each other nicely.
M'Kay
Because he's a fucking creep
There's something between us that smells..
Marma'lady 
Innocence : Nuns doing squats in a cucumber field. Frustration : Attempting to pin diarrhea to a wall. Agony : A horse in a wet suit with an erection. Can anyone else come up with ones for: Benevolence, Joy and Fury?
A Rug's Life.
Because there are mad trees.
The U.S. mint (cents)
A pair'a'normal activities. 
They ate all the dinosaurs
Mouthwash.
Just curious and looking for laughs lol.
One is a snack cracker and the other is a crack snacker.
Because we're Snowedin.
I promise not to crumb in your mouth. 
Because there were lots of turn ons. 
Who's playing this Shit?
Kick her between the legs
He was told not to play with his food. 
Is he a ladybug or a fruit fly?
When it's ajar
One. But it'll take 3 episodes, and Krillin dies.
You can't brush your teeth with a crocodile.
Because they don't want the world to know!
The other half drive Lincolns
Get in the car
Because they are hill areas. I'll show myself out
Dr. Dre 
At least the burglar has the decency to leave you the house.
Cot death.
beats me
A rushin' russian.
Because love means nothing to them.
Linen
periodically 
Smoke-a-mon
Dozen tit
He takes the elevader. 
By looking over your shoulder!
The one percent
He walked .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . . .  .  J.K..................... Rowling 
A buck-an-ear!

Chia LaBeouf
He is heir to the throne.
Dingos with straws....!! 😆
On camera. Credit to this week's episode of  .
From squinting and saying, "Suck what?" 
Essays. 
Muhammed muhammed muhammena.
Long John Silver First of my original jokes to actually make my girlfriend chuckle.
A fan. The moment the thing is turned off, the people inside start sweating.
Three way.
Deranged.
He has only one strat: "You shall not pass!"
So the dishwasher matches the washing machine
He had a high pressure job
Beats by Dre. 
"10 bucks says I don't need this oxygen tank"
The Family Channel.
BeeBee guns
Between a rock and a hard place.
He couldn't stop.
Vladimir's Poo Tin
Dozens of dollars worth of Ramen was lost.
when you say one thing and mean a mother. Don't remember where I heard it.  Haven't read it here yet.
(is it "R"?) NAAAAAY!!!    'Tis the C 
Because they eat out.
NEINtales
Because otherwise his name would be E-war Woo-woo.
His name is Tom Tukaluk
A cross-wok.
He gave off a good Impression, but couldn't make a Van Gogh.
What is the likelihood it will be a hairtest
DINO-MITE!
I promise I'll leave a piece of me inside you.
Corduroy
It said "twist to open"
Graaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaains!
 -- the Seven Cs.
Because he hated au jus.
Pete.
They're identical too! Once you've seen Juan, you've seen Jamal.
A Nokia
.....have you ever tried to peel apart a grilled cheese?
How did the hipster burn his tongue ? cos he drank he coffee before it was cool...
Americium-1776
They vote. 
Condescending. ;)
Depressed.


When its ajar xD
REDDIT
Nobody knows, the never get to keep the house.
Deadmau5

To get to the cake
They both want personal growth.
Scallops, scallops!
I don't know, but it was pretty bazaar
Red Robin... Ya Bum
He got turd degree burns.
Independence Day
You really think I want to search for 'hardcore poem'???
He literally couldn't even.
Dissing Terry.
He is wanted for being the Man of Steal.
Joaquin
The boy scout returns home from the camp.
Because it was two tired.
Depends.
A hug and a little quiche.
Don't do it! You have potential!
Bridge.
Barackoli.
Brokeback Mountain.
Trick Question. They only think they can reach that high.
It's mistaken for granite.
It's nothing without its tail.
What its the difference between a quarter and a guy? Neither gets had when you want tail
They shake hands.
Shitty wok 
Punch his sister in the throat.
Hippocampus!
Because he was in bread!
Mourning
A salad shooter
So that the musician would have a place to put their beer.
Commaraderie
Because she was tired of a bottomless pitt.
He walked.  J.K................... Rowling
A chair
I can't imagine a situation in which blowing on a whistle is more effective than yelling "RAPE!"
Put him in a concentration camp
He ran out of tissue paper. Edit: Thank you so much for the gold. You have quite possibly made my dreams come true! Never thought something I came up with at 5:00 A.M. would make it happen.
Because they make shit happen.
I'll sit
Yesterday I was at my local supermarket buying a large bag of My Dog dog food for my loyal pet and was in the checkout queue when a woman behind me asked if I had a dog. What did she think I had? An elephant? So, on impulse I told her that no, I didn't have a dog, I was starting the Dog Diet plan again. I added that I probably shouldn't, because I ended up in hospital last time, but I'd lost 10 kilograms before I woke up in intensive care with tubes coming out of most of my orifices and IVs in both arms.  I told her that it was essentially a perfect diet and that the way that it works is to load your pockets with the kibble nuggets and simply eat one or two every time you feel hungry. The food is nutritionally complete so it works well and I was going to try it again. (I have to mention here that practically everyone in queue was now enthralled with my story.)  Horrified, she asked me if I ended up in intensive care because the dog food poisoned me. I told her no, I stepped off the kerb to sniff an Irish Setter's arse and a car hit me. 
Heroine overdose
If it has 4 doors, it's a sedan.
A calendar has a date on Valentine's day.
It was a challahcaust.
A man brings his son to the hospital. The boy has severe burns. The doctor asks him what happened. The boy says:"I wanted to see how much gas there was  left in the canister and it was dark, so I lit a match". The doctor, sarcasticly, asks:"So, did you see?". The boys father cries:" The whole fuckin neighborhood saw!!!"
Ewok'd.
If they're not on your dick they're in your wallet.
I don't know. They've never tried.
Cause I wanna fuck the shit out of you.
Dad-which one do u love more? papa or mama.. Akpos- both Dad- if i go to America n mama go to Paris.where wil u go? Akpos- Paris Dad- that mins u lyk mama.. Akpos- i lyk paris Dad-if i go to Paris n mama go to America,wher wil u go? Akpos- America Dad- y? Akpos- coz i went to paris b4 
Incognegro.
By taking the integral of the acceleraptor! Me:  Everyone else: 
Vampires don't come inside without permission
When they get tired and burn out, they work twice as hard.
He got a little behind in his work.
because they 
The hell if I know...
Aw sieg heil no!
Back then, my father took a ride on the Union Pacific, and he overheard this conversation between a mother and her little girl: — Mommy, mommy, how come the big cow in the field has a baby cow with her, the big horse in the field has a baby horse, but the big train doesn’t have a baby train? — I dunno, sweetheart. I guess you should ask the conductor. Well, here he comes! The conductor comes around, and as he goes by the little girl’s seat, she asks him: — Mister conductor, how come the big cow in the field has a baby cow with her, the big horse in the field has a baby horse, but the big train doesn’t have a baby train? — My little girl, that’s because Union Pacific always pulls out on time!
conics
Right where you left him.
he was tired of coffin.
*What does a walrus and Tupperware have in common? .. They both like a tight seal *What looks like a lemon and shaped like a rock? .. A lemon shaped rock *What is brown and sticky? ..A brown stick
she was ms. steak'n... and got grilled
I don't pay to have a garbanzo bean on my face (There's a slight pause between garbanzo and bean when speaking the joke)
Natty Rights
Because he only comes once year.
Prawn Hub
Fermatation.
He made a spectacle of himself.
When she starts her sentence with "A man once told me..."
Girl: I'm pregnant! Boy: (Shocked) and how did i get involved? Girl: U're responsible for it. Boy: Pls, don't get me upset! Leave me alone. Girl: (Crying) pls dear, don't deny me and the baby. Boy: To hell with it, it's over between us. Girl:   so it's over riqht? Boy: Capital YES.   Girl: Actually, i'm not pregnant, I just tricked you to know if you truly love me. Boy: (Hun) hahahahaha my dear, you just fell for my prank. I was just kidding. Girl: Hmmmmm, it's over :-| . Boy: Baby, i didn't mean what i said. Girl: Assuming i am pregnant now, that's how you will deny me hun? Boy: Hmmm no, i can't do that.
Because he was Legolas 
Their balls are just for decoration.
Wednesday, Tom and Joe went to a restaurant and ate dinner. When they were done they paid for the food and left. But Tom and Joe didn't pay for the food. Who did?
Why did the number 6 cry? Because 7 8 9.                (7 ate 9)
Eight something.
the Sin of 4
¡El misterioso! I'll see myself out now...
Because Juice control the media
Nothing, she has already been told twice.
Having to go inside and ask for a coat hanger.
New Yorkers. They can go through 110 stories in five seconds.
Bukkake
women's rights 
Because seven acht nein.
Make me one with everything.
Fearless Reader
A person who stays up all night wondering whether or not there is a dog.
Beef Stroking Off!
An aircondtior can be hot
Because then they'd have to hold erections.
A priest.
Tequila Mockingbird
one's name is "one two three" and the others name is "un deux trois". who made it across? one two three, because un deux trois cat sank. 
cuntfucius
He had to parrot.
He left fresh prints all over the scene.
San Diego.
The Fedoral Government.
Don't pay her.
A herpepotamus.
a bilingual chicken
Income Equality activist
Your sense of guilt
Kanye's not him.
To see the chicken strip!!!
Because he 8n't afraid to bust out his 9.
Bernadette
Don't go to school.
Interracial 
In the onion ring!
A Lickalottapus
U WOt M8>?
Your ears.
You can't milk a cow for 14 years.
You should stop by later.   The missus and I are having people for dinner.
Tally ho!
Wow, you seamstressed out. (I'm so sorry)
Amor-Man
don't give me that latitude
A gummy bear!
I'm not completely shore, but it must have been pretty deep. 
hint: take the "S" out of "safe" and the "F" out of "way"
'I want Samoa!'
Shots.
Well well well....

Look for the one with shaved legs....
Taylor not so Swift
She shrugged and said "Beats me!"
Control + S
A threesome
Hebrews it.
They were just chilling
Because he was a fungi!
Miso impossible
The discrimination.
you have to sit in the back of the oven...
On a Solid Snake Drive 120 gb sorry :\
Elephino
Depends on which method you try....
To get to the other slide
Pastramyou 
(In a frustrated voice)  They just don't listen.
You planet.

He was born with a left knee, a right knee, and a little wee-knee
He was malnourished due to his paltry (poultry) diet.
He was convicted of crepe. 
HOLY MACKAREL!
Because the exit doors were coin operated.
JESUS HALLELUJAH
Cover me, I'm going in.
"Thats great!"
Because jungle is massive.
Self-Raising flour.. I'll get my coat.
Its become nothing but pocket change.
Short. 
With a trainslator 
Red paint. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. I need friends.
Elephino...  ¯\ _ (ツ)_/¯
nun
Half a cat.
Ja! Beiherhund das Oder die Flipperwaldt gersput!
One wrong slip of the tongue and you'll probably wind up in deep shit.
Lick'er.
87.5% unrelated. (Shamelessly stolen from  )
Neither came to my birthday party
Get jalapeño business!
TURNUP!
Little Caesars.
Idk. (I decay)
MUH SOGGY KEYS!
GERMany.
Because she's a woman.
Bernadette.
Light? What's that?
a b-r-r-r-r-ito
An anes-theologist. (close enough)
He gets there before the hare
A tattoo.
They both fucked minors
...she didn't have any arms. 
I don't know I just fly the drones
Your mom didnt give me a corvette
It varies from person to person.
Pepperoni Picza!
Kanye
Tongue and groove
Russell
Idk... 
Michael Phelps can finish a race
A nun with a javelin in her throat.  (The only joke I can ever recall when asked for one. Told to me by my art teacher in Grade 11. Needless to say, he was my favourite teacher)
A Pickpocket snatches watches.
Because they are always lying in bed!
No, they just whisper it so the goat doesn't get startled. 
"Hey I hear your neighbor's a real dick"
You can't take a joke.
The lettuce was a head and the tomato was trying to ketchup.
Because his parents are vegetables. Source: On mobile so can't post link but it's the ask reddit thread about Harry Potter being written in a different perspective.
.. just so he could rewrite my.cnf
because the sea-weed.
S'aul Good man.
He drank his coffee before it was cool.
Because sheep can hear zippers.
Because it wasn't born yesterday.. Okay I'm done
Punch his cousin
Dill Dough
Turban Outfitters.
Too soon?
A meowntain!
An unfunny joke 
An Isaurus Rex
They don't care, as long as they do it better than people from Devon.
I asked my grandad the other day "why do old people read the bible so much?" He replied "cause we're cramming for finals"
Fowl ball
He's already got the driving part down.
I'll tell you guys tomorrow
Boku no Pico de Gallo
M'genta
Udder destruction!
It has no Seoul!!
You might think it's quack, but it's actually mariwaddle...
Classic conditioning.
It gets jalapeño business.
'ell if I know.
A stretch
Cos i noah guy
The Tie of the Igor.
No wait, it isn't In Utero.  It's...Nevermind
American Snipper
Food is great but the atmosphere is terrible!
They fry pranes!
The rifle owner.
A dutch oven...
meh... you'd just think it was cheesy. 
The line at KFC.
9 months.
......yeah, some dick cut her off.................
Because they don't have a function
I'm looking for jokes that have more than one punchline.   One option is jokes that have two different endings, both funny (e.g.:   ) A second option is jokes that don't end after the first punchline and continue on to a second punchline (e.g.:   ) There may be more options.  Do you know of any jokes that fit these criteria?
[deleted]
Nothing. Calenders are inanimate objects that are used to keep  track of the date and important events.
Really ugly olives.
He was unhurt but his tranny was damaged. 
the taste.
Nevermind. 
Just in case they get a hole in one. Credit to 
Kick his sister in the jaw
Gassius Clay
lowering the bar. or not to.
Poo Pee.
Punjabi.
A Dick Van Dyke
Thoreau Back Thursday
A Puthy
Because it was more Loki than he wanted. 
A wet nose.
Stand on top of his head and make it rain.
The tire doesn't sing gospels when you put it in chains.
Pido.
She came home with a big, red snapper.
Tulane University
A rip off.
Nothing, they just waved.
A Guardian of the Galaxy
An elderly couple had dinner at another couple's house, and after eating, the wives left the table and went into the kitchen.  The two gentlemen were talking, and one said, 'Last night we went out to a new restaurant and it was really great. . . I would recommend it very highly.' The other man said, 'What is the name of the restaurant?'  The first man thought and thought and finally said, 'What is the name of that flower you give to someone you love?  You know... The one that's red and has thorns.'  'Do you mean a rose?'  'Yes, that's the one,' replied the man. He then turned towards the kitchen and yelled, 'Rose, what's the name of that restaurant we went to last night?'
A magic Juan
A redneck virgin 
The fridge doesn't fart when you pull meat out.
Punch her in the face.
They never saw it coming.
Obi-Juan
None.
No dental records and the DNA is all the same.

"Check out this awesome plane I got! I hear Malaysian is a pretty rare brand." "Nah man, they aren't; I got one too." 
Unstable. 
You suck his dick. How can you tell your dogs gay? His dick tastes like shit.
In his sex drive
As a .jpg
Its the food. There is too much raw dog.  Heard it on Adam Carolla's Podcast. A caller phoned in and told it to Adam. Thought you guys would like it. 
Ash Wednesday
They picked random letters out of a hat. C.... eh? N... eh? D....eh?
They planet.
Because he's literally the fastest man on earth  (get it cuz sex)
One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean ;)
For fingering A minor. 
Wipes his ass.
My tax refund.
Catch you later!
They outsauced it.
The hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
An M-poster
He threw up the horns.
So they can stand closer to the sink.
Punch her in the stomach.
Because his wife died.
The news put out a trigger warning.
"Count Dracula."
Because he was a physicist.
The cake-cake-cake. 
You planet ;)
When I was in London, UK, I asked my Indian colleague if he knows  the emergency number in UK. He answered '349'. I said 'No it's not. It's 999'. He insisted 'Yes 349'. Thinking he was a deaf but knowing he is not I said 'No it is 999'. So he answered slowly. 'Yes TTTRRRRIIII PPOOOLLLLL NINE!!' in Indian Accent.
One more.
Both are long-haired, live at their parents' till their 30's, and if they'll do anything, it is considered a miracle.
He was made out of Plato
I don't know but they cantaloupe.
I say that we start the NBDBL (National blind dodge ball league) and then televise it. What are your thoughts on this? 
Because of an inconvenient tooth. 
He decided to stick it out for another year. 
They think it's whale shit.
Jesus fed 5000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish... Hitler made 6 million Jews toast... 
Interrupting cow.  Interup.....MOO!
NOOOO, THANK you! I don't even wanna walk a mile in my own shoes!!! Do you know how long a mile is?
You put it back in the crib.
It's a line dance at the old folks home...
A little get together.
He needed somebody to cosine.
Get another 90 year old to yell "BINGO!"
It's fucking close to water.
Because it was Da-rude Sandstorm
He thought nothing could possibly travel faster than sea.
Please answer. It's very urgent.
U SeXe.
He got straight "gays"
Anti-oppressants.
...was the capital of Wodesia
My you're looking "acute" today.
A swallow
Beefst.
Most of them prefer playing in the minors.
It's a long-winded story.
None they all screw in sleeping bags.
A. Because she's got a pumpkin for a coach B. Because she keeps running away from the ball
Two, but god-knows how they got in there. EDIT: 
Nothing. I beat both.
steamed Franks 
The original grammar Nazi.
It's braille for blind babies... -=Women=-  It spells out ...."Suck here"   -=Men=- " I am the daddy " 
Never mind, I'll escalator
How many union carpenters does it take to change a light bulb? None, that's the fuckin electricians job. How many union electricians does it take to change a light bulb? Twelve, you got a problem with that?  How many corporate executives does it take to change a light bulb? Two, One to mix the Martinis, and one to call the fuckin electrician. How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb? One, but the bulb has to really want to change. And finally. How many bikers does it take to change a light bulb? None, bikers aren't afraid of the dark 
They always come up with the final solution.
Alzheimer, granpa.
The next day he was found dead in his tea pee
The customer always comes first.
No eye deer.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     What do call a deer with no eyes and no legs?                                                                                                                                                         Still no eye deer.                                                                                                                                                                                                           What call a deer with no eyes, no legs, and no nuts?                                                                                                                                          Still no fucking eye deer.
BRAAAAAAAAAAAAANS 
Chili CON Carne!
James
The awning. I know, I'm sorry.
And why did he draw so many pictures of my parents fighting?
What do you call a condensed version of the history of ISIS? CaliphNotes!
"499" There are three steps to putting an elephant in a refrigerator. What are they?  Open the fridge, put the elephant in, close the fridge.  There are four steps to putting a deer in the fridge. What are they? Open the fridge, take the elephant out, put the deer in, close the fridge.  The Lion King is having a birthday party. All the animals are there but one. Why is that?  The deer is in the fridge.  A woman wants to cross an alligator infested swamp. How does she do it?  She crosses normally because the alligators are at the Lion King's party.  She dies anyways. Why?  She gets hit in the head with a brick.
...... A jeanius
Acne doesn't come on a boys face until he's 13.
Testosteroni.
Expecto Erection
Because if so, it could have Fifty Grades of Shea.
Crust.
because they certainly aren't rare, and are definitely not well done.
None. It should be open by the time she brings it to the couch. 
To get to the same side.
Because they're all a bunch of vassals.
cancer.
Do not touch.
Because 7 was a registered six offender.
Nice belt, shithead. 
A pit bully!
1) Female Ego... Rejection without Reason! 2) Male Ego... Won't Ask For Directions!
Me...........Owwwwww!!
You're both dense motherfuckers.
Because they're all laymen.
The White Wizzer
A pork chop.
The family size.
Neither has he.
Shitty tips.
Yarn. 
The chemist may frown.
Current events. 
EVERYWHERE!
They are both doable as long as you don't mind following a bunch of black guys.
Because he was a quack head
They ordered pepperoni and all they got was plane
They have a lot of issues
Anal-isis.
Because you already know she'll work out.
Ctrl+S
Ewe wouldn't understand.
Cretins!
Because they like their dicks?(* eating them ofcourse) I seriously dont know.
2POC
It means to make or become different.
Because the P is silent
Eh?
A bus driver.
Nothing, they're both stuck up cunts.
Gingerbread
Bagles
His customers lost interest in him.

The Seattle Seahawks
"Hey, this looks new!"
The holocaust. 
Law suits 
OOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUIIIIIIIIIII!
Is it worth it?
I've never had a Lentil on my chest.
"After giving it a substantial amount of thought and discussing it with my advisors, I've decided against it. I mean, I'd love to, and I appreciate those who'd support me, but I feel like I wouldn't be able to take the stress mentally- and physically." After being asked what physical stress he'd experience, he responded: "I don't think I'd be able to handle that much running."
because they knew the "12" will be deflated during/after Superbowl.
As a real growth opprotunity
Just ask the NSA, They always keep backups!
"This butt a scratch!"
No thanks, We'll pass!
Red.
Here's a hint: take the F out of Free and take the F out of Way
The Seattle Seahawks play book. Edit: sorry for the typo.
...the wheelchair
Being the 45th white one. 
Сибирь-bullying
Turn it inside out and shake the shit out of it!
Well, when I'm looking in the mirror, me. 
They couldn't fined him.
Geometry
"No thanks, we'll pass" 
Because I keep hearing the same ones over and over
A U.S soldier.
Patty-O`Furniture
You do you!
-Nice belt. 
None, its a hardware problem
He floated his stock while the rest of the world was in liquidation. The greatest journalist? Samson. He took two columns and made an impression on everyone.
A butler serves you.
Nah, we'll pass. 
You can't take a joke.
Because your friends might Nazi (not see) the humor.
To get his quarterback!!
FIRE BEVELL
He thought they were revolting 
I don't know, I'm a Patriots fan
The pussy tastes like shit
You can always say "well, look at it this way; he was a fruit, now hes a vegetable!"
Two older gentlemen were sitting on a park bench just passing the time.  One of them exclaimed, "Look at that young woman sitting over there wearing the short skirt.  She has her legs spread so far I can see her black panties!"  The other man looked and said, "I see her but you're wrong.  She doesn't even have on panties, she just has a black bush!"  As they looked and argued a small boy came by on a bicycle and they called him over.  They explained their argument and offered the boy $5 to ride by the woman, take a quick look, come back and settle the argument.  When the boy returned they gave him his money and asked who was right.  The boy replied, "You're both wrong, it's flies!" 
Her smile.
His hand caught fire.
Slap an African child in the face.
In the end, I settled.
"Ilean who?" I lean over and you kiss my ass!
A bro-tato
To get back to the first shop we went to 4 fucking hours ago!
A half cast
Because they think men care
Making them.  
Wipe it off and say sorry. (My uncle told me this joke when I was five. I didn't get it at the time, and he knew I'd get it someday. That makes it kind of funnier. One day when I was like 14, I suddenly remembered that joke and went, "Oh! Now I get it!" and laughed my ass off.)
Since all the puppies are already neutered, there's no worry about deflated balls giving one team an advantage...
Idaho
Eventually,  a waterproofer stops coming home with cock all over them. Forgive my accent, I meant caulk. (My first waterproofing joke)
I do.
A Lickalotofpuss 
Probably clawing at the inside of his coffin.
100 people who don't do dick.
Hobosexual
Because people in wheelchairs shouldn't be laughed at.
Alickalotopuss
A widow
Some insensitive asshole was tapping it to certain death on his iPhone.
Both of em are in plastic, except for the adjustable spanner
A fake name
They both have a hated governor.
A cock that stays up all night.
I'm stumped.
A boomerang 
Because he kneaded them. 
Blonde: "What does IDK stand for?" Brunette: "I don’t know." Blonde: "OMG, nobody does!"
Aloha Akbar.
What a twist. 
A palette.
Juan on Juan
He wipes his ass.
He wiped
your about to now how. 
He wanted his new dish washer to match his fridge.
Simbalism 
They're the ones who look at YOUR shoes when they talk to you.
He got off on a technicality.
To render the building on the other side.
Beef strokinoff
"Isreal?"
The brides are already dressed in white.
cantelope 
Place a banana on the Berlin Wall. East is where a bite has been taken out of it.
Well, this morning I had bacon, eggs, juice...
An American zoo will only have a description of the animal. The Chinese zoo has the price and recipe of the animal.
That's your mom's number.
Halloween Halloween Halloween!
There were no roads!
parkin'sins
A ganguin 
The console. What was JFK Jr's wife drinking when the plane crashed?  Ocean Spray.
.... 'Cause they're ugly and they stink.
A corny poop joke. You can really visualize it.
Mozeltov Cocktails
ju ju  ju ju  ju ju  G-Unit?
Little Ceasars
They are both crustaceans. 
Carrion, my wayward son.
of course the f*cking are... (thanks dad)
He went to Paris and saw an Eiffel
two chengs
a muffin doesn't scream when you put it in an oven.
He  .
He was in de-Nile.
Mom: if you’re a good boy, you’ll  get one when you’re older. Son: What is I’m not a good boy? Mom: You’ll get many.
Hire a cunning linguist.
Untie her
Canoes tip.
It has great food, but it has no atmosphere.
One's a busty crustacean and the other's a crusty bus station!
Same question for "GTA IV: The Lost and The Damned.
Data
RUFFles
Just one. They're retardedily strong.
Aged whisky costs more.
A dindonuffin muffin
LeichtTractor Premium
Mentally dis-cabled. 
EX SO FAT
The coming of the Lord!
Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken. 
Because Ubisoft
They both worry about the position of colons.
I gillt was killing me.
Head.
A Christian bail.
Did you know that diarrhea is hereditary?  Yeah, it runs in your jeans! 
The German!
Coat-Hanger Abortions
They made a movie about him: American Snipper
They both like girls
Data
Sir Veillance
loading...
"That’s the last straw!"  helped me refine the wording.
The landlord at The Dog And Duck pub needed a new sign to hang above the door, so he contacted his signwriter. The signwriter arrived a week later with the new sign, hung it above the door, and asked the landlord what he thought.  The landlord replied with, "I like it. However, I do feel that there should be bigger spaces between ' ' and ' ', and ' ' and ' '".
If not, I have a pirated copy you can borrow.
Well done ewe.

There are twenty of them.
Depressions.
[Deleted]
I thought it was pretty tearable.
This morning I had a boiled egg.
Y NO LEGS!
Because it's a carrion bird.
Running... JK rolling
A stand up guy
Jack Daniels is still killing indians.
A library.
Shoot for the Tsars.
C, eh! N, eh!, D, eh!
Cause eight reindeer and a sleigh are a lot quicker than 6 pigs and a stoneboat. 
They fly in an 'A' (eh)
A small boy asks his Dad, "Daddy, what is politics?" Dad says, "Well son, let me try to explain it this way: I'm the breadwinner of the family, so let's call me Capitalism. Your mom, she's the administrator of the money, so we'll call her the Government. We're here to take care of your needs, so we'll call you the People. The nanny, we'll consider her the Working Class. And your baby brother, we'll call him the Future. Now, think about that and see if that makes sense." So the little boy goes off to bed thinking about what Dad has said. Later that night, he hears his baby brother crying, so he gets up to check on him. He finds that the baby has severely soiled his diaper. The little boy goes to his parents' room and finds his mother sound asleep. Not wanting to wake her, he goes to the nanny's room. Finding the door locked, he peeks in the keyhole and sees his father having sex with the nanny. He gives up and goes back to bed. The next morning, the little boy says to his father, "Dad, I think I understand the concept of politics now." The father says, "Good, son, tell me in your own words what you think politics is all about." The little boy replies, "Well, while Capitalism is screwing the Working Class, the Government is sound asleep, the People are being ignored and the Future is in Deep Shit.
Because he was in de-nile.
They each got 6 months
Batman-do
He had swine flu 
Dad - Son, come in here, we need to talk.  Son - What's up, Dad? D-  There's a scratch down the side of the car. Did you do it?  S-  I don't believe, if I understand the definition of "scratch the car", that I can say, truthfully, that I scratched the car. D-  Well, it wasn't there yesterday, and you drove the car last night, and no one else has driven it since. How can you explain the scratch?  S- Well, as I've said before, I have no recollection of scratching the car. While it is true that I did take the car out last night, I did not scratch it. D-  But your sister, Monica, has told me she saw you back the car against the mailbox at the end of the driveway, heard a loud scraping sound, saw you get out to examine the car, and then drive away. So again I'll ask you, yes or no, did you scratch the car?  S-  Oh, you mean you think you have evidence to prove I scratched it. Well, you see, I understood you to mean did "I" scratch the car. I stand by my earlier statement, that I did not scratch the car. D-  Are you trying to tell me you didn't drive the car into the mailbox?  S-  Well, you see sir, I was trying to drive the car into the street. I mishandled the steering of the car, and it resulted in direct contact with the mailbox, though that was clearly not my intent. D- So you are then saying that you did hit the mailbox?  S- No sir, that's not my statement. I'll refer you back to my original statement that I did not scratch the car. D-  But the car did hit the mailbox, and the car did get scratched as a result of this contact?  S- Well, yes, I suppose you could look at it that way.  D- So you lied to me when you said you did not scratch the car?  S- No. No, that's not correct. Your question was "Did I scratch the car?". From a strict legal definition, as I understood the meaning of that sentence, I did not scratch the car... the mailbox did... I was merely present when the scratching occurred. So my answer of "No" when you asked "Did I scratch the car" was legally correct, although I did not volunteer information.  D- Where did you learn to talk like a complete idiot? S- From The President of the United States.
...go for the Juggler!
Because they will always steal the green cards.
C: PU!
Tchai   Tea
Because she's a woman.
A massage in a brothel
It only takes one to ruin a neighborhood.
Mein Kraft
Commonwealth Games
The wheelchair.
Noeyedeer  (Say it out loud) 
It was: "Small medium at large"
Fuck knows

An impasta
The boat cuts through the water, a woman waters through the cut.
Because they're kiwis.
Because he's blind you racist.
Go ask your mother.
Because he'll never give you a penny for your thoughts, he'll never put his two cents in, & he'll never drop a dime on you!
A brotie. ......(I know this joke was bad)
They boil the hell out of it.
A Micromanager.
I am... Still 1080p
The stepmother, because sometimes you want to hit her, even though you shouldn't
Just Ice
Ugly sheep. 
Right about now, funk soul brother. Check it out now, funk soul brother.
It got pissed off!
The Rolling Stones say "Hey, you, get off of my cloud." A Scotsman says "Hey, McCloud, get off of my ewe." 
Blue.  One blue this way  <---- and the other blue that way    ----->
Because they use "net" profits
... because Mao is more of a chair man!
A woman is in a bar and sees a man she is attracted to so she tries to start a conversation with him, she isn't good at pick up lines so she tries to think of something she can ask him.  A Pussycat Dolls song is playing so she thinks to herself that she should ask this man if he likes the pussycat dolls.  She asks "Do you like   pussycat..." Out of nowehere, the man starts kissing her and he doesn't let her finish her sentence.  He then takes her to his place and they do it.  After they're done she asks him "This is what I wanted, but how did you know that I wanted this?" The man asks "How did you know that my name was Cat?"
Jerry's Kids...
Because every time they do all they do is crap
The cigarette.
Yeah. As long as you don't get in the habit.
He experiences culture shock.
The TSA. They are always asking people, "Who are you?", "Where did you come from?", "Why are you here?", and "Where are you going?"
A Watermelon...
They both strip for parts!
Plato
Now you're just some bubbles that I used to blow.
Hamburger, it's in the ground state.
What the fuck are you waiting for bitch?  Get in there and make me a fucking sandwich!!!  
Because he's married.
Eight something. 
It got its head cut off
Neither does she.
short hands..
You can analyse my rocks anytime ;)
Oscillate its tit a lot
The who's-who of WHO!
zero (compliments to my SO who thinks she made this up)
I'm just here so I won't get fined.
They would have a more detailed understanding of what Hell is actually like.
They're easier to convince.
Eggsact measurements.
No?  Be careful, there's a small medium at large.
It's all out of eggs..
Dagon.
A barber!
A man who is outstanding in his field.
They drive alpacars.
You can get close to it, but you can't touch it
First M'lady 
Me: Are you seeing someone? Girl: Um, no. Me: Not even a psychiatrist?
Because vibrators can't mow the lawn.
He assumed the lawnmower was a vacuum 
A promegranate.
"See you in 30 days!"
the harder you hit them, the more english they pick up...
They figured three squares was enough for the sewers to handle.
She was disappointed to learn she'd gained 300 pounds.
Sparky
ihop
He couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin.
Pirate bae
He's sofa king funny.
Was hoping you guys would have a few golf jokes for when I play my first game tomorrow. From PG to R rated is fine with me ;)
Subtractem
You get a crab wound. So you go the police but they clam't help you. Eventually you end up at the hospital and they tell you you'll need a sturgeon. Then you murder everyone because you are so god damn tired of their undersea puns. 
Can't- elope! 
"What do you want to be when you blow up?"
A four chin teller.  
Sherbert. (I can't take credit for this amazing piece of comedy. Heard it from a friend, no idea if he came up with it or not.)
Two, one to hold the bulb and one to rotate the universe.
Eyes, in deep despair, looking up, said in a passive tone, "wazzup brow"
LinkedIn Park
A male patient is lying in bed in the hospital, wearing an oxygen mask over his mouth and nose. A pretty, young, student nurse appears to give him a partial sponge bath. 'Nurse', he mumbles, from behind the mask. 'Are my testicles black?' Embarrassed, the young nurse replies, 'I don't know, Sir. I'm only here to wash your upper body and feet.' He struggles to ask again, 'Nurse, please check. Are my testicles black?' Concerned that he may elevate his blood pressure and heart rate from worry about his testicles, she overcomes her embarrassment and pulls back the covers. She raises his gown, holds his manhood in one hand and his testicles in the other. Then, she takes a close look and says, 'There's nothing wrong with them, Sir!' The man pulls off his oxygen mask, smiles at her and says very slowly: 'Thank you very much. That was wonderful, but, listen very, very closely...... 'A r e - m y - t e s t - r e s u l t s - b a c k ??'
He's a web developer.
You don't know when they're coming, you don't know how many inches you'll get, and you don't know long they'll last

One, his own.
Because they spic spanish.
Ate something. 
Hollywood!  (Made this up while i was doing a project.)
FUCKIN' LIGHT BULBS!  HOW DO THEY WORK!?!
Because of dat  Djibouti.
One gets sun on your skin and the other gets skin on your son.
One of them gets taken in every once in a while.
Steal whatever it is that you want to buy so badly, don't let the cops have it back, then pay restitution.  Edit: It's only a joke if you let them have the stuff back and then end up paying for the thing, twice.
The one with the welfare check in it.
Because he kept insisting everyone only get one shot.
I heard he nailed it!
There's no punchline.
Having to find out that your dog has AIDs too.
He became Thor.
De-calf
You never know if your gums are bruised. 
"They are German and a tad-Polish"
One with everything
“When he owns it.” 
Decalf
French press. (Too soon?)
A cataract.
It would be nice if this joke had a punch line, woodentit?
She was having a midwife crisis. 
Eyeronic.
Deflated. 
Because they take things literally. 
Because the steaks are too high. 
Bañana
A Punjab. 
Because it got waterlogged.
You would too if you had to fly Alitalia.
Because curiosity killed the cat.
Justice fingers 
Its not that hard
You get high.
Because seven, eight, nine.
Nothing. Either way someone is going to lose a trailer
Why did the seman cross the road?  Because I wore the wrong socks today..
Two cents
Jason MRAz
An angry wopper.
"Get off my nuts!" (ps. I made this joke up yesterday... i am having hernia surgery tomorrow, and i lol'd so hard at myself that i about caused a second one to pop out) 
Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame rabbit? The tame way.
the stroke of midnight.
Shakira. Her hips don't lie.
The Senile River 
Her stillbirth.
That one doesn't believe in six before marriage.
You're probably not going to get it.
Because he's a little prick!
It's the latest in Christian warship.
Because nothing is faster then Liecht!
Drank his coffee before it was cool
Third from the Reich
My PNS
An angry wopper.
two cents
None because ice cream doesn't have bones.  
The Price is Reich
I won't tell you which one I am, but I like to bring my own candy and just watch.
And how many females?
"It's not a tuba!"
Boobies!
Gatesgate.
Because he heard the Ref was blowing fowls!
I'll tell you later.
You make him run across Canada...
He was the vermicellist
Most things.
A walk!
It's sew sew.
"Thanks, I'll never part with it."
Hide his food stamps in his work boots.
"Well, its not preferred, but I practice abstinence."
A dictator.
A grasshole.
Because he saw the gas bill
Beer nuts cost $2.00, but deer nuts are under a buck! 
Because they can't even.
I'm two tiered.  I came up with this at 1am, enjoy.
D12
Obviously not. gg y'all, inbox = rekt
In A Routine Checkup Nurse To Engineer: “Breathe Deeply In And Slowly Exhale, Do It 3 Times.” Engineer: “Ok” Nurse: “What Do You Feel Now?” Engineer: “Your BODY SPRAY Is Simply Superb Babe.“
The Piledriver: No Holes Barred
A new last name.
He once made out with Bea Arthur for ten minutes and stayed flaccid the whole time even though she took her shirt off halfway through and he saw her breasts
Unique up on him. How do you catch a tame lion? tame way! Zingo!
Alone, An OP is not very strong, he cannot do very much alone, Much like a stick; But, When you combine all of these sticks together, you get a massive heap of faggots.

Because there's lots of AYE ARRR (IR) radiation!
your dads cock tastes like blood.
Nothing, he just waved.
He tried to jump a steam roller over 6 blacks
Happi-ness
Aw-burn!
A quarter pounder with cheese.
Because it's too close to the gas chamber.
Oy!-L
You check the oven.
Any school for the deaf
Doctor
A woman said to her husband: “Do the garden” He replied: “Do I like a gardener?” Then she said: “Fix the tap” He replied: “Do I look like a plumber?” Then she said: “Fix the door handle” He replied: “Do I look like a carpenter?” He went out that afternoon and returned to find the garden don, the tap and the handle fixed, and asked his wife how she did it. “The neighbor’s son saw me in the garden and offered help” She replied, “and said he’d either do it for sex or a hamburger” The man said in shock: “You gave him a burger, right?” She replied: “Do I look like McDonald’s?”
Jack Danimals!
A misconception.
Ah, ye'd think it be R matey.... but actually it's the C!
Just water, officer. Then why do I smell wine? Good Lord! He's done it again!!!
One, because they are efficient and humorless.
Stealth Bomber
A cheese grater
Too many Sumo tried to squeeze into it.
Because he was so full of himself.  
They say it was a huge dictator-ship.
Gracias.
call 9-Juan-Juan
She's a woman.
All of them.
Dinomite
Gsus
A bloody cunt.
To get to the other side
A senõr citizen
The Dine-and-Daesh.
I think there was a fight. It got a little dicey and tears were shed.
He developed guacoma
Death row
A passenger 
Keep the tip
We were all standing around after lunch at the back of our building. One of our young lady techs went jogging every Monday, Wednesday and Friday and this particular day, she came out the back door, smiled and said "Hi" and jogged away. A sudden silence struck us all as we watched her shorts move away, each lost in our own thoughts. Les, the oldest of us and the most reticent, spoke up, "What do you get when you cross a donkey with an onion?" Surprised at the change of subject at hand (or at mind), no one had a clue. Les rubbed his chin, looked off in the distance where our lovely vision had disappeared and answered his own question. "Most of the time, the cross is not viable." "But, just once in a while, you see a piece of ass that will make you cry!"
I'm going to PUMP YOU UP!
They're both fun to ride until one of your friends sees you on one.
(Why?) To get to the idiots house.
They seem like real neigh sayers, and they're always whinnying about everything
I haven't but I heard it is BLOWING up
TE-QUILA MOCKINGBIRD!
A PENISSAUR!
HAAAAAANNNNNDDD EYEEEEE
A sprinkler, chink chink chink chink nigga nigga nigga nigga
A Jew dropped a penny down a gopher hole
Rimit rimit..
To eat vegetables.
A zebra with a private jet.
A non-prophet non-profit.
Air is free....
Looks like his Korea is over
Well an erection of course.
Because they didn't agree with him.
I guess it was a conflict of Pinterest.
Because freedom rings
In his sleevies.
Because they always leave you stumped!
Your mom cant take a joke. (Heard this from somebody in my class today)
Jesus going up for the cross!
You'll disappoint 2 women instead of 1
He heard time was relative.
I want a D voice.
To get to the other side!
Go for the juggler.
The smell.
Genocide
All white, all white, all whiiiiiiiite...
Allah-mni!
Because the p is silent 
I don't have a boner right now. -Hugh Hefner, probably
The ¿Qué Qué Qué?
Outlaws are wanted.
He was slow around the bases, but that boy had an arm on him!
The Clitaurus

Nuts and bolts. 
Because I think I'm getting it from my patients.
Because any more would be too farty.
You turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it
Two large plains.
Dr. Dre!
Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.
Finnish Goods
Miracle Whip.
One.  You just have to spread him real thin.
He always gets nailed to the boards. 
Piss off Satan's wife.
Take off the chain and both stop working. Going straight to hell :)
Tuesday.
An onion 
So, one summers evening I was driving down a small rural road and I come across a hitch hiker. Being the nice guy I am I pull over and let him in, he placed his large black duffle bag in the back and jumped into the front seat. We are driving along the road, which I might add is quite bumpy, every time we hit a bump his bag in the back seat would make some weird noises. Being curious, I asked him what he had in the bag to which he replied "It is not really important or any of your business"; so I just minded my business and shrugged it off. We keep going down this road and the bag continues with the strange noises, so once again curiosity overtook me and I asked about the bag again. This time he seemed even more fed up with me and said "Listen, if you needed to know about the bag you would, it's none of your business, so just keep driving." So at this point I start to become impatient and it wasn't five minutes down the road when we crossed an old bridge and with this the noise that came from the bag was louder than ever. So, I pulled over, looked at the hitchhiker and told him that he is either going to tell me what's in the bag or get out, to which he replies "What's in my bag is none of your Damn business!" so I kicked him out and continued driving. I then realized that the bag was still sitting there in the back seat so, I turned around and unzipped the bag.
Because she'll just let it go. 
A huge short coming.
Because he Tudor house.
One makes your whole week, the other makes your hole weak.
Your Bike...
TIMBURRRTON!  
He never saw it coming.
Another black man bites the dust.
A walkie talkie!
12. One to screw it in,  one to excoriate men for creating the need for illumination,  one to blame men for inventing such a faulty means of illumination,  one to suggest the whole "screwing" bit to be too "rape-like",  one to deconstruct the lightbulb itself as being phallic,  one to blame men for not changing the bulb,  one to blame men for trying to change the bulb instead of letting a woman do it,  one to blame men for creating a society that discourages women from changing light bulbs,  one to blame men for creating a society where women change too many light bulbs,  one to advocate that lightbulb changers should have wage parity with electricians,  one to alert the media that women are now "out-lightbulbing" men,  one to just sit there taking pictures for her blog for photo-evidence that men are unnecessary.
Well Well Well
They both are ajar.
Only one shows an interest in the balls.
Organized crime.
You suck his dick.
They are all "Not-C's" !
One with everything
A Curryean I know Indians are Asian, I felt that stating Korean earlier in the joke would make it worse...worser.
Mun Cheese!
Elephino.
The ultra-sound guy. [read next comment]
Because they work.
The Titanic.
A high body count of black people
A dick, you moron.
pick it up and suck its dick
Bob.
Homeless.
Acne doesn't come on your face until you're 12.
Because his wife was dead-set against it...
I don't know, ask an alter boy.
Call B52!!
You don’t. There is a clock on the oven.
Bach.
I fucking rock.
So the black people will not be the only ones skipping school. 
Oh don't worry, they'll tell you.
He had a dog before every NBA game.
She fucks men. 
They always deliver!
a palm-agranate!
Because 7 8 9
Yes, I'm completely sure.
Acne waits till you are 13 to come all over your face.
He ran into the bank and shouted, "Air in the hands motherstickers, this is a fuck up!!!"
With Little Cesars 
Because it's white and on their land.
I'm still working on it.
A threesome.
It's a total ripoff. 
Because it has a smaller bulge. 
During. Because you're plugged into the know it all
A sour kraut
He needed to keep up with Jenny's U-turns.
He wanted a tight seal.
The Dark Knight rises.
He still has some whistle left in his fart.
Pungent
To turn them straight.
asprin works.
He wanted to make some doe!
Business was dropping off!
A threesome Edit: In the 1800s
A Terrista
The cysteine chapel.
You can see them coming from miles away.
Semen
you planet
I take my shoes off before I jump on a trampoline
Naan violence.
The cock
by giving him the shroud of turing test.
She replied: Well i like it infrequently. He said: is that one word or two?
A Brazilian. 
Tep on the break tupid!  :D:D:D
Clawing at the lid of her coffin.
He was an alfalfa male.
Because Atheism is a not for-prophet organization. 
.. I'm only Peking.
Neither did she.
2(pi)r or not 2(pi)r....(snicker)
David Lee Roth was in Van Halen Snoop Lion was in a van in halen
Once in awhile. 

Tell it to run across canada ;) boom! Too soon?
bear
...It's a piece of cake!
An eMoo.
Cus he drank it before it was cool.
A douchefag.
With the chicken still around it
Because that's where the mini apple is!
To make a path for the Israelice.
Everyone wants to be Irish on Saint Patrick's Day.
Gang rape D:
I want my baby back, baby back, baby back. 
Swim for it...
24/7
He was hit by a truck. 
Micheal Mann
9gag
Hippo-critical.
One, you can turn off without even trying. The other, you spend all day waving a dish cloth at.
Because she woke up 
Sharia Law.
Nothing, he just let out a little whine.
It made Bud wiser. 
Names
A bee-have
...Is it mine?
A pastatute.
I can't jelly my dick up your ass... 
He has loco motives.
I'm very squared.
Jose and Hose B
they both can get 16 shoved down their throat without choking
Sharon Rodgers 
Stannous Baratheon.
He made no scents.
Her resume.
Taken Befour
scientist A : Are you sure ? scientist B : Trust me, I know what i'm doing.
Because you're real, but your girlfriend is imaginary
Maybe it's maple leaf.
When she starts her sentence with "A man once told me" .
A wizard is never late.
His asshole stops burning.
It doesn't protect from harmful rays
Antimony.     
The worst case of suicide he has ever seen. 
~Why? -Because she had no arms ... -Knock knock ~Who's there? -Well, it sure as shit isn't little Suzy
Another pops up.
IMHOtep
oral sex can make your day, but anal sex can make your hole weak
The tracks were unfinished.
A knife has a point.
White privilege
Nothing at all... you already told her twice
Cha-Ching
The protagonists name is Adam.
The grin reaper
Mein Craft.
Allahu Snackbar!
denim denim denim
To get to the same side
You nuke it.
Both are French.
Texans tend to ride horses whereas rednecks ride their cousins. -American Sniper
Luftwaffles 
A what?
A sunken chest with no booty.
Because the pedals fell off.
Acne doesn't come on your face until you're 13
The Burger King forgot to wrap his whopper!
A frog. It croaks every night.
Yorkies
A pedophile with a thesaurus.
Testicles (though I'm sure you smarties already got it).
WATCH THIS ! 
They hate to boil their nipples.
A seasoned veteran.
How do you find an egg in all this shit?
Ever pull apart a grilled cheese sandwich?
Medi-Ogre
He heard the snow blower coming
They think men care. I'll see myself out.
Erotic is when you use a feather ; kinky is when you use the whole chicken.
Nine months.
Don't be stupid, feminists can't change anything.
Knott, et al.
A Wahhobbyist. 
The pricks are on the outside of a porcupine.
CNN shows the missiles taking off and Al Jazeera shows them landing.
You remove her diaper first.
A genie grants wishes, while a genius wishes for grants.  Source: 
I won't pay 10 bucks to have a Garbanzo bean on my face
They said IT couldn't be done
they eat lox...
A stick.
a TALKtor
Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U HINT: Say it outloud
a milkshake 

It's called Delta Delta Delta.
"'Ello 'ello 'ello, you look 'armless, 'op in."
Your lawn won't cut itself.
That's a missed steak
Everyone knows black people can't work a full week.
Someone who stays up wondering if there is a dog.
An inner tuber.
They wine too much.
Because old Hobbits die hard...
Blue eyes white aryan
A Christler
The location of the dirtbag.
I read some jokes from this sub to my Asian co-worker and she wanted me to ask if you guys have some good Asian jokes to help us get through the rest of the work day.
1.21 Jigga whats.
They even got a new slogan: Do work or ALDI port ya
An unlocked kitchen door
QUARK!
A-dolphin!
Supposedly the wedding was alright but the reception was great ;)
You shuck the oyster between fits.
They hate getting cured.
Beef Stroganoff 
Robeerto. 
Because they hate French Press!
Because it was deterred.
£20
The more you play with it, the harder it gets. Repost, forgot to proofread "What's does a dick and a Rubiks Cube have in common?" From 

Because it's a long-rod kinetic penetrator!
They both feel like fucking death in the morning.
The other 5% aren't in jail.
At the coroner store. 
metro gnomes
Why only today they found a Beagle!
Poutini!
Rib it.
Every mother-fucker was there!
Mike Dyson
She just needed something to get her by until she could get back on her back
No, but because they don't register for benefits, they don't count as unemployed either. 
So he could make his 4Chan.
SEIZURE SALAD.   I peed
The lonely one dated igneous rocks!
Because a calendar company kicked around the idea of alternating the days of the week using only Mondays and Fridays, but when they went to publish the calendar it was really confusing, and soon the customers formed a line to return said calendars. One man, named Jack Monday waited in the return line, but instead of returning the calendar he punched John Friday, the publisher's owner. John was very angry and exclaimed, "Hey! You can't punch me!" Jack asked, "Why not!?" To which John responded, "Because this is the return line! There is no punch line."
If you had a choice between world peace or Bill Gates' money, what color would your Lamborghini be?
It runs in your genes! 
A six pack and a potato
A counter reformation.
Because clubbing isn't any fun.
... A hippiepotamus
They are both flat-chested and laid by Mexicans. Source: My old middle  school.
Check her arm.
Because she's knows what to spit and what to swallow.
A quarter pounder with cheese
Q: What do you tell someone from Moscow who is in a hurry? A: Quit Russian. Q: What do you call a Mexican pessimist? A: A Mexican't Q: What do you call a German who is urinating in an alley? A: A you're a peein'. Q: What does an Asian person have if their leg joints are socially awkward? A: Shy knees. Q: What is a Parisian country cover band's favorite song to play? A: "I've got France in low places."
They don't want to overwork the camel.
No one! They're extinct!
Invite all of your friends over and have an oven warming party.
The Chosen Juan.
In the mainstream.
Talibanter
It's snot rocket science.
by the instagram. 
Giraffe.
Because he was black.
2 more bullets
Because everyone who can run, jump, or swim is already across the boarder
Ten-tickles.
The outlaws are wanted.
Teutonic Plates.  I'm sorry I'll find my own way out
SCAR-L
A con-quiche-ador
"Charlie has been neutralised"
Zebra
Ricesis
They can both be fixed with a coat hanger. 
He gets taller.
Is there a dog?
They couldn't get his bonepart 
What up doe

because you'll like it when im dragon my balls across your face
HysterISIS
Doctor
because it scares the shit out of their dogs
Lynchables
Your mommmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Ohm...
doctor whore
Because all the fish in there goes "bloo bloo bloo" 
High G.
A broken nose.
Because you can blind them with dental floss
I heard they offer new hires a company cell phone and/or car.
"I am not a crook!"
... How hard you squeeze it.
they pronounce everything with a hard "aargh"
Phil, eh?
To get to the other side.
Aye matey!
because they have cotton balls.
Because he was good at pulling weed
A clubbed sandwich
Because it was raining cats and dogs.  :D

No potatoes. 
Public Enema
It was a PDF file.
It was a cuckoo coop coup.
Because women GRAB anything 20% off!!
..cancer
His boss always took him for granite.
The shit you stepped on
Foreplay 
Heavy petting.
Vladimir Puddin'
Hopefully arrested you sick fuck... also a Dash-hound
It wooden go.
Because of all the booty
You can taste shit on his dick.
cancer.
Kick his sister in the jaw.
Because he was in da Nile. 
Nothing!
Because he doesn't eat junk food.
The wheelchair.
Blood on the Dancefloor.
Pixels.
EX-STREAM!
He couldn't find three wise men or a virgin.
Her stillbirth
Like going down on your sister. It tastes the same but something's not right.
(snickering) Nice suit, must have cost you an ...
Nothing, You already told her twice.
Drop it Ni**a (sorry for the offensive word)
Women.
Because they hate french press.
Remind him that he's full of untapped potential!
"Great, it's a hung jury."
Because two wongs don't make a white.
Calculus

It's gonna be called Source Code: The SQL!
A Dreddit!
They're both trying to screw everybody.
Because she was told it makes you see things!
Horse Dick
He wanted to become a butterfly!
A ginger ninja
A homiesexual
He "sleighs" them.
An Ambulance Armstrong

Don't worry, they'll let you know.
Buzz.....
cant jelly my dick in your ass...
I don't know... Most prisons are indoors.
It's like in Star Wars where Luke with his team had to get past all the defenses of the Death Star and fly through this really long trench to find this 2 meter hole and shoot his torpedo inside it to finish her off.
Hehehe.. Gorgon-zola 
A hooker says "Faster! faster!"   A lover says "Slower....slooower..."   A housewife says "Beige. I think I'll paint the ceiling beige."
Two... One to beat the the room for being black and the other to beat the switch for being broke.
Or is that just stereotyping.
Wipe it off and apologize.
"I've Fallen In Love And I Can't Get Up"
A pig pen!
It's won't be long now!
Shemail
They meet up and crack each other up. 
He received a T minus.
Burger King forgot to wrap his whopper
Fo drizzle!
Depends.
When she fits in your wife's jeans. 
Fo drizzle
"Ay, you!"
Put Turkey in Greece to cook it, then cut it up and put it into Chile. Then put it on China and give it to Hungary. 
Stall
He couldn't decide what font to use.
None. It will happen itself. 
It wasn't very good but they gave it a precipitation medal.
You grill the sausage.
People could see right through him.
He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
To die as a martyr.
"You can run but you can't tide."
A Pull-it-surprise!
you go on ahead, I'll give these two a lift.
Justice Fingers!
The engagement ring, the wedding ring and the suffering.
Well, I guess we better Barium.
He's all right now. 
Keep the tip.
Because she was too ahoof.
Neither can get enough booty
Because it was dead. 
A hung jury.
"Hey, let's hang out together?"
Because they live in misery
Because they all suck ass.
He had his raisins...
He couldn't sea anything.
For Fundsies! I made that one up yesterday so I really hope nobody has heard it before.
Because they know they'll be fucked over. Edit: Don't, not doesn't. Sorry can't change title.
Ten-tickles.  I'll see myself out. 
They don't see the point and just sit in the dark.
there, their, they're.
Jew-Lie
A hot mess.
Hey man ! Who do you know here ? This is a Brothers only party ! 
Because it was 
They don't do liver
Because they Pac-12 of everything
How do you drink through that?
Vitamin sea.
they taste funny
Because he drank religiously
It's a really obscure number and you've probably never heard of it.
You kill his family
I think its 2 cocky.
He kneaded a poo.
You go on ahead, I'll give these two a lift.
Uuuuuueeeeuuuuhhhh!!!
Because there's a Target on every corner.
Aaaaaagggccchhhhmmmm....!!!
Do you lava me like I lava you. It's beautiful.
A picky eater wearing a Garfield costume.
when her stache is on fire!
Bill Cosby liked pudding his dick where it didn't belong.
If we don't get support soon, people will think we are nuts.
My Roku.
Because they heard it was radical! 
"Orff Orff Orff Orff!"
They drank their tea before it was cool.
Papayas See, you're confused right?
Personally, I'd say that 6:30 is the best clock time, hands down.
Put-in. (In a Russian accent) 
Because they're shellfish
He performs circumcisions and uses the foreskins to make wallets.   The best feature of the wallets is if your flight gets cancelled and you are stuck somewhere all you have to do is rub your wallet and it will turn into an overnight bag.

K9P
Les Goldman
One is a dictator, the other is a dick-tater.
ian!
Wub, wub, wubs.
"Can I push your stool in"?
Stew. Bonus: what do you do if an epileptic jumps into a jacuzzi? You throw in your laundry.
There wasn't a punch line.
Someone who knocks on your door and tells YOU to fuck off.
A green bean.
Check it out it's 
.-- .. .-.. .-.. / -.-- --- ..- / -- .- .-. .-. -.-- / -- . ..--..
He brews!
Water.
Because their sperms are always ready and eager for suicide missions.
Caddyshack-ack-ack-ack-ack-ack.
Wiped his arse
Because it wasn't prophet maximizing. 
What I mean is that people from NY are New Yorkers, people from California are Californian, and coincidentally people from Colorado and Washington are Potheads.  
It's nacho business!
because he was a fungi
Tequila Mockingbird.
It's because they are  ually obligated to do so.
The little boy comes in to his mother, and says:  "Mum, why is my name Feather?"  "That is because son, when you were born, a feather fell on your head."  Her daughter then comes in, and asks:  "Mum, why is my name Leaf?"  "That is because when you were born, a leaf fell on your head."  Then her last child comes in, and says: "Hymacttmmdrerrr?" "Be quiet, Tumbledryer."
a crowbar!
it was erase-ist
He went from rags to riches
Bark
I wouldn't pay $39 to have a garbanzo bean on my chest.
About €10
Because all the politicians are in hell. 
Eiffel.
"Drop it, nigga."
HD Porn
He started eating before it was cool.
One.  He makes three Polacks do it at gunpoint.
Anyone can roast beef.

They have a hard time sharing what's inside with strangers.
What it could be loike?
ya'll watch this!

What's the difference between Pizza and a Jew? A pizza doesn't scream when it goes into the oven.  That joke got a kid suspended from my high school english class. 
Ransom notes.
No. But April May. yep.
To stomp out fires. Why do elephants have flat feet? To stomp out the burning ducks.
A Two Pack
Arrgh, it's driving me nuts!
If they don't, they'll be irregulars.
They clubbed together and bought a warehouse.
You say: Look mom, no hands!
mumblr
When you leave yogurt alone it grows a culture!
Because it's all relative.
A. Bola B. Bola C. Bola D. Bola E. Bola
Because E: Bola Strike.
You put it in your butt-jet.
He was too far out, man. 
Underlay! Underlay!
Christopher Walken
An Aww-topsy.
Premature inoculation.
To live in a motor home 

M'llenium
A small medium at large.
Because they're cunts. EDIT: punchline.
A sheopard.
They like rock.
Pay him for the pizza
Decap
Because they like to climax at the part when the hooker gives the money back. 
The holocaust 
Microchips
Because they dont have to pay attention
They both have a GARBAGE box.
Monica Lewinsky's teeth.
Speed bumbs.
Keep the tip. For those that don't know what a leper is: (essentially an infectious disease that can cause various bodily tissues to fall off)[ ]

Linoleum Blown-apart.
Eater Route
So it's a shorter drive to Toronto!
Because every time they get a corner they open up a restaurant.
Urine charge now.
Abu Bikr
They don't have a Pitchfork.  (This is a music reference joke)
A Buffa-Loan!
M'drid
A roamin' catholic.
Got so excited she wet her plants. 
A large pizza can feed a family.
A cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth.
They don't want to wear the camel out.
She gets an abortion. 
Well?
I've never paid $200 to have a lentil on my face.
'Cause they hate the French press
Because the drummer locked himself in the car with the keys.
96
A  paracetamole!
So that he could understand culture.
Christian Bale.
Whoa did you hear that?
He gives your underwear blue streaks.
They're both looking for a tight seal. 
Artificial Intelligence. 
You wipe your bloody dick off on her teddy bear.
I don’t ejaculate on an apple before I eat it. 
One.
The holiest Prophet of Islam.
A little boy comes home with his mother from a trip down town. Above his head he has a big bunch of balloons. - Why do you need so many? - Asks his father. - Did not your mother and I teach you that you should save your money? - I did not spend any! It’s just that every time Mummy bought something the salesperson gave me a free balloon.
A blowjob
IDK
They are all things the Republican party likes to ride until their friends see them on them.
The cure
Because he was too far out. 
Because they hate Tibet.
Premier Inn.
Because their horns don't work
They can both smell it but can't eat it.
It will be a huge 6s
Crimean river.
Boo bees
Metal
Put your hands in its pockets & tickle its balls. 
You would turn red too if you had to change in front of everybody.
Whatever their name is, you insensitive jerk.
Terrorists can't take a joke about Muhammad.
Because it's perfect, just the way God made it.
Laxatives.
Their middle name.
She Peedherpants
Having a threesome with Dwayne Johnson 
One.
Wiped his bottom.
Stollen
A slow poke.
I'll meet you at the Taint.
It's too close to the gas chamber
What kind of a sick fuck... how much do you have to hate people, to install toilet paper into the toilet paper tray backwards!? That's the work of a REAL fucking maniac. I just moved mountains, lady, I'm in NO mood for a game of Jenga with the toilet paper dispenser! They need to make a misanthrope-proof toilet paper tray, where even if you load the roll backwards - one could easily rotate it 180 degrees to standard, human usability...  from now on, for EVERY backwards toilet paper roll - I'm leaving a bad Yelp review, let's see you wipe THAT off your record
Me and my running friends always run 5Ks, but now they want to run 10K races and I really hate running 10Ks
The unemployment line
Nothing. They never met. 
Because they're ugly and they smell bad.
Or does it merely raise the standard by which they are judged?
The rifle owner.
A play on words.
One. She holds it up to the socket and waits for the world to revolve around her.
GAINSSS!!!
I can't jelly my dick up your ass.
The cheerleader in my trunk.
You can skip the flat ones.
A Total TreeCull.   Basically, on the evening of December 25th, every christmas tree salesperson does the trees     

He didn't like the juice. 
I am the extruder...
Orange Jews
They both come when you are sleeping
Good night, sweet prints...
Don't know but its so scary that they drink for ten days straight right after!
I asked my girlfriend what she wanted tonight and she said she could use a wiener in cider.  

Micro-Worgenisms! (From my Bizzard support ticket response today.)
Trick question; feminists can't change anything.
Because when it's white, they leave it the fuck alone

There's more flavor the closer you get to the butt.
It's two tired.
Nobody knows,  history is still waiting....
She gives birth to a son.
Because he wanted a tight seal.
You can punch information into a computer.
Infinity plus 1. I'm sorry.
Just one... But it takes 4 episodes and Krillin dies...
They tend to humpback.
They wanted to see what a winning team looked like.
Eating Amanda out. 
One life
None. Once they shut up, no-one has any reason left to oppress them :)
Yakmanninov
Having sex with a different woman every year. 
A friend told me this joke in high school. I admit I laughed harder than I should have.  How many girls does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, they just sit in the dark and bitch.
French War Victories.
One testtickle
To find a tight seal.
To find a tight seal.
He said, "Look how far I can kick this bucket."
Concentration camp. 
A biguette
They love to gambol.
Cracka-lackin
Because you might get chirpies, which is a canararial disease, but don't worry, it's tweetable. 
I can't jelly my dick down your throat
Jelly is made with the juice of the fruit.
Nothing, you already told her twice.

A bunch of sissies.
Tulips around your organ! Ba dum bum chhhhhhh.
He ate something that disagreed with him
A Southern Zoo has a description of the animal on the cage along with a recipe.
A stick.
I don't need a bottle of lube to get into a nightclub.
They're both too fucking close to water.
Tip him for the pizza. 
Because everyone who can run, jump or swim is in the US.
M'laysia
They Havana no money to spend.
Cause they're the best!
Because the Chinese don't like Tibet...
Clogs.
Don't be stupid, feminists can't change anything.
Public transportation.
The cold shoulder
Christians pay for their sins
The beesnese
Because two wongs don't make a white.
M8
...because he's too short to be called an essay. 
If you got hit in the Peter with a pan, you'd fly too.
Steer Clear.
Vietman.
He'll always like R.... But his true love is the C
Michael Bay Leaves
Fo' drizzle.
Cover me, I'm going in!  
Their whole lives they have been told 5 inches is 8 
All of them are adopted
One. They're efficient, and don't have much of a sense of humour.
Imsosaurus!
An ambulance.
The ice might crack up! I use this at the beginning of conversations... it's a reall ice breaker.
The Holy See 
Acne only attacks little boys when they reach puberty
To a remote island...
everyone else was at work.
C Minor 
Look for the fresh prints.
Because other cars have Mordor.
Because it cuts itself.
Vladimir Poopin
Sir Loin
I keep hearing on the radio about cheddar vans not being allowed overseas
You fuck her 
A trajeudi.
Ida Ho
Because he couldn't tuna piano!       
Santa knows to stop after three Ho's.
They cents it. 
You tep on the brake, toopid.
Over-easy E
Why do Jews watch porn backwards?  Because their favorite part is when the hooker gives the money back.
Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.
Because the supermarket closes at 7:30
You'll get repossessed! 
I know several people who are having "superb owl"  parties next month 
"Tell her you're a paratrooper. Chicks dig that kind of thing."
Princess Aurorasaurus
Princess Arielephant
Cinderellephant
He has a peda-smile.
Drop it, nigga! What do you say when you see your refrigerator floating in the night? Nothing. That's a big-ass nigga.
Head & Smolders
A massage-onist.
The number 86. (No seriously. Google "86".)
My Dad: We used to keep useless information to ourselves.
Free Ham
Da rude "eh" sandstorm
A meowntain
Son: I'm cleaning it as fast as I like to!
His little legs.
He couldn't handle his lacquer
The pinker the better and they're both an acquired taste.
His pants fit like a glove. I'm so sorry. So sorry.
No, but a tiger wood.
Wasabi? 
To piss off drivers
You give her a test-tickle.
1forest1
Crumfortably Numb!
Natasha Ramenoff
the white power ranger 
You talk to him!
Sir Cumference. He acquired his size from too much pi.
An elephant wearing a leather jacket!
In a snow bank!
TimBuuurrrrrrrton
He already told you so.
None.

because it provides cavity protection
Uncle Bens!
Answer:It becomes cold duh! What happens you put a giraffe into a refrigerator? What people say:It becomes cold? Correct Answer: You can't put it there, the elephant is already in there. The Lion is hosting an animal conference. All the animals attend.... except one. Which animal does not attend? Answer: The Elephant. The elephant is in the refrigerator. You just put him in there. There is a river you must cross but it is used by crocodiles, and you do not have a boat. How do you manage it? Correct Answer: You jump into the river and swim across. Have you not been listening? All the crocodiles are attending the Animal Meeting. 
NA'CHO CHEESE
The motorist. He really shouldn't be driving in the kitchen. (Edit: formatting)
As soon as the people carrying soup cans in the backpacks arrive we can eat.
To turn the light on.
Bae-thoven. I'll
Ground beef
Borders
Cryptic code. 
Check to make sure your dick is bigger than hers.
You probably won't get it.
M'genta 
Never fired, dropped once.
The odds are ever in their favours.
Cause damn, you're precious.
Everyone is just dying to get in them
A Saab-woofer :)
a fisheyes
He lifts your spirits.
God doesn't go around thinking he's Bono.
Nein.
None, he tripped. ;)
The Holocaust! wait  shit
Because only men can be seXY.
Outgoing mail.
Because she's all about that bass
QUESTION:  You're on duty by yourself (don't How do you tell the difference  between an English Police Officer, a Canadian Police  Officer, an American Police Officer and a Scottish police Officer? Don't ask why, you just are, and your Sergeant hates you) walking on a deserted street late at night. Suddenly, an armed man with a huge knife comes around the corner, locks eyes with you, screams obscenities, raises the knife and lunges at you. You are carrying your truncheon and are an expert in using it.  However, you have only a split second to react before he reaches you.  What do you do? ANSWER: English  Police  Officer: Firstly, the Officer must consider the man's human rights. 1) Does the man look poor or oppressed? 2) Has he newly arrived in this country and does not yet understand the law? 3) Is this really a knife or a ceremonial dagger? 4) Have I ever done anything to him that would inspire him to attack? 5) Am I dressed provocatively? 6) Could I run away? 7) Could I possibly swing my truncheon and knock the knife out of his hand? 8) Should I try and negotiate with him to discuss his wrong-doings? 9)  Why am I carrying a truncheon anyway and what kind of message does this send to society? 10) Does he definitely want to kill me or would he be content just to wound me? 11) If I were to grab his knees and hold on, would he still want to stab and kill me? 12) If I raise my truncheon and he turns and runs away, do I get blamed if he falls over, knocks his head and kills himself?   13) If I hurt him and lose the subsequent court case, does he have the opportunity to sue me, cost me my  job, my credibility and the loss of my family home? Canadian Police  Officer: BANG ! American Police  Officer: BANG ! BANG ! BANG ! BANG ! BANG !  BANG ! BANG ! BANG ! BANG ! BANG ! BANG ! BANG  ! 'Click'...Reload... BANG ! BANG ! BANG !  BANG ! BANG ! BANG ! BANG ! BANG ! BANG ! BANG ! BANG ! BANG  ! Glasgow Police  Officer: "Haw, Jimmie. Drop the knife, noo, unless you want it stuck up yer arse!"
The counter. 
ma
Head over heels. 
Well, it's got everyone out and about, celebrating another revolution..... (I'll show myself out)
a stick
Church.
Cancer.
A luna-tick.
Curt and Rod
He didn't know the final solution.
A Navel Destroyer. 
To get a clean getaway
You skip the flat ones.
Stop beating a dead horse!
Took a while to set in but it sure gave me a jiggle
Attempted murder.
None of them are real.
Kimistry
Boil the   out of it.
He went to jail because he commit a murder.
Because they're ugly and they smell bad
Because he Neverlands
Because one was two three four five.
I don't know, his voice was muffled.
"Theeeeeeeeey Never expect the Spanish Inquisition!"
Because I eat a lot of pussy
Your in 8.
Hand Solo
No one could perform the execution well enough.
WASABI!!!
I hardly even know her.
Apparently not five because my basements still dark...
He was given a constellation prize.
Cuz Pikachu might Pik a Chu
Women's sports
Public Transport
I can't jelly my dick down your throat
What are you Tolkien about...
That's a pretty big donkey dick.
At random.
Nigger Mortis 
Christian bail. 
Grow away.
The Lake Champlain Champagne Campaign
Watching his wife and children die before his eyes.
He worked it out with a pencil.
Apparently it had HIV..........................................Biologists think it may have been rear-ended by a ferry.
He turned on the UV light in the Holodeck.
A watermeloin.. Don't worry, I remember where the door is. 
If you don't know the answer please never invite me to dinner.
The man, he shouldn't be driving in the kitchen.
Because Windows 7 8 9.
A baegull.
(ass been)
A Salad Shooter
Because it saw Salad dressing. 
He lay awake at night wondering if there really was a dog...
...
Mines is still 1920x1080, unfortunately.
Alpaca bowl!!!
One is black and hairy and the other is a coconut
"I've cod a cold."
The epileptic corn husker shucks between fits.
Because then he will always be in prime. 
Her hubby had a reptile dysfunction.
To throw the Roadrunner off.
"Breathe damn it, breathe!"
Happy new ears Eve!
Vin Diesel! : D  Source: 
Deaf Lee's "HELLO!"
Mike. 
Mostly the taste.
Eating a watch. . . . . Note: This is not my joke, credit goes to  , and   for setting him up.
Don't worry, they'll fucking tell you. 
Igloo
A human being
Paint it black.
A flat miner 

Ayyyds
When the ham is cured!
They send a rubix cube up to see if it gets solved.
A bird can fly but a fly can't bird!
They sent them to concentration camps.
A cat scratcher.
it crashed.
An impasta.
Because they can't spell toboggan. 
Dinosaurs aren't old enough to smoke. Told to me by my niece at christmas.
the back of my hand
There was a face off in the corner.
Because it wasn't their Destiny.
They both plat no more.
A trayvon martini.  Yeah I thought that joke might GARNER some negative attention. It was a 1/5 joke. 3/5 with RICE. 
A repost.
Gummy Bear
Boobs below waist.
BOO-kakke
Because they're great at getting you off.
Marriage
You put it in the oven until its Bill Withers.
The hot dogs taste like shit
But the light bulb has to want to change. 
He hates camping
Get on top and call her by the wrong name and try and hold on for 8 seconds.
Because everytime they try to pronounce "election" everyone starts to giggle
Because two Wongs don't make a white.
Tom Cruise
The shoe has a sole
His dick was stuck in the chicken.
A cock is an animal. Penis is a male sexual organ.
Beef stroganoff!
He's all right now.
De-calf-inated
Because you will get Jurasskicked.
He "came" a lot.
Because Day tripped him.
You'd fly too if somebody panned your peter.
..because their lipstick
"Can I have some 'change'?"
That's nice, mine's a light shade of brown.
He'd be Bach
Go up to a girl and say that you love her. 
None. They aren't about to change a bulb when flipping a switch has worked for 15 years.
Made her chain too long.
An impasta.
You spreddit.
Spit, Swallow and Gargle. 
Cuz I had sloppy joe's for dinner last night.
He's really got away with kids.
The police ended up searching every crooked nanny
The Baa-zar.

A Magpie. 
Because if they had one more, they would be 240.
People are dying to get in there...
Popcorn, of course!
Deep pockets.
trick question: you don't need a light bulb when you have a glass ceiling
It had locomotive.  (I'm not sorry)
A very religious man lived right next door to an atheist. While the religious one prayed day in, day out, and was constantly on his knees in communion with his Lord, the atheist never even looked twice at a church. However, the atheist's life was good, he had a well-paying job and a beautiful wife, and his children were healthy and good-natured, whereas the pious man's job was strenuous and his wages were low, his wife was getting fatter every day and his kids wouldn't give him the time of the day. So one day, deep in prayer as usual, he raised his eyes towards heaven and asked:  "Oh God, I honor you every day, I ask your advice for every problem and confess to you my every sin. Yet my neighbor, who doesn't even believe in you and certainly never prays, seems blessed with every happiness, while I go poor and suffer many an indignity. Why is this?" And a great voice was heard from above:  "BECAUSE HE DOESN'T BOTHER ME ALL THE TIME!" 
I can't stand being in this
"Honey, I'm home!"
It's ok. He woke up.
In one you don't want to jerk the hook, but in the other you don't want to hook the jerk.
"Tengo toasty toes, toast y toes, y Tostitos." My friend just posted this to Facebook :)
"This thread is shit."
It was soda pressing. 
It's all right!
Women
In prison, you have a chance at getting a reach around
Because ████████ ████ ██████ !
The look on their face when you're nailing them.
They both like seeing the same thing a year later.

"Don't go bacon my heart"
Barack Obama's Tie
Dam.
A woman
It'll leave you in stitches!
You come here often?
A potato.
You can unscrew a lightbulb.
Eschew! Eschew!
Air traffic control didn't.
A walk!
Ben and Jerry
Deutscher Humor!
It raises their shellfish steam.
Because it's the first date.
I could've gone my whole life without seeing that shit.
He was too far out. 

 One you sit on and the other is a park bench.
poke her face
He was a member of the Mothia. Edit: Thanks guys, I made this up when I was about 8 and learned what the Mofia was... I have been trying to find an outlet for it ever since! 
I don't know son, ask your grandfather...
"Do you ladies wanna go back to my place and conduct a double slit experiment?"
Hailing taxi cabs! Got this from a joke book my niece got for Christmas. Most of them were groaners but this one actually made me laugh!
Wife: I too fat to be a personal trainer? Me: No honey you just need to lose weight.
He was expecting showers.
You can't make matter.
Because they have little patients.
PUMPKIN PI
The drummer dribbles out of both corners of his mouth
because it's deep!
Cos' they keep Dublin and Dublin and Dublin...
Putout
Because when you see it, you spin one degree and walk away.
Uranus!  Thank you, I'm new here :)
At the crust station.
Just the tip...
A R.I.P off.
Because David Schwimmer and Lisa Kudrow.
Antihissssstamines!
Leave.
Idk EDIT: Read the letters out loud :)
You name it, he was Inuit!
A womansion
Nobody wants a garbanzo bean on their face....ha!
I hate the fucking Eagles, man!
Between you and me something smells. 
To get to the gay guys house. (awkward silence) knock knock. (who's there?) The chicken. Feel free to try on your friends, its a good laugh.
It's rated AHRRRRRRRRR!
Decalfinated.
A mother asks little Johnny "do you know who Newton is?"  Little Johnny replies "no"  She says "if you paid attention in school, you would know who he is"  Little Johnny says "do you know who Candy is?"  Mom says "no"  Little Johnny says "if you paid attention to dad, you'd know who she is"

I'm a fungi!
Because it's two tired.
BYE-SON!
The first one. 
Tweets of course! ....and then your family.
He couldn't pay the priest afterwards and got repossessed.
When you get off the plane, walk into the propellers!! its that easy...
Because he got hit by a car
It closed after a month... they couldn't find any good wrappers.
Apatite.
HEIL!
He made them Batman.
Just one, Phillip Hughes
Like a glove
Stand back, I don't know how big this thing gets!
Wipe your bloody dick off with her teddy bear.
A change of pace.
Wipe it off and apologise.
He saw the salad dressing
"Looks like you've got me in a pinch."
One's a bunch of cunning runts.....
Because air is free.
By putting flowers on the grave
Germans seem to give them bad gas...
NOICE!!!!
Here I am!
Because there is 90 of them...
Denim, denim, denim.
In  Yeah you'd probably only get this if you read ASOIF but the joke came to me randomly.
Because the 'P' is silent
Mark Spitz and Greg Swallows Yeah, I know it's old....
One WALKS on the MOON, and the other fucks little children.
Your job still sucks! And it sucks  . ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I took my neighbors, Mr. and Mrs. Wong to the Hospital for the imminent birth of their new Baby.  When the Baby was born, it was Caucasian.  What's wrong with that, you might ask?  Two Wongs don't make a White.  (groans expected......and justified)  
Claus-trophobic.
Atomic bombs are realllllly bright. 
With a Ruff IRA. 

Gloves.  Just kidding, he hasn't gotten the box open yet. 
Jesus in a submarine.
... They both use the force
It said 'concentrate' on it
See you next period!
Get out of my Son
Anyways, that's how I lost my job as a gynaecologist...
The Upper Sunny-Side 
Fuck nose.
Because if they fell forwards, they'd still be in the boat
They take an aspie
How many pessimists does it take to change a light bulb? None - it's probably screwed it too tight anyhow!
They're both cereal killers!
A small medium at large
Hard Rock.
Holding their hands up
...an eggnogstic
His Cavs can't handle the Heat 
Vegetable soup. I apologise to those offended by my terrible joke. Have another; Whats the hardest part of cooking a vegetable? Getting the wheelchair into the oven
Because it is sticky.
She would be   fucked!
Because he only comes once a year.
The Tooth Fairy
A riveting tale.
You're an eight.
Because they knead the dough. (Kneading hand motions required during recital.)
A husband in his hybrid
A cow with no lips.
Cold turkey
Mine was dead within 30 minutes  (credit goes to my Grandma)
Drool
Roquefort.
A pimple doesn't come on a boys face until he's 13.  This joke is all in good fun, sorry if anyone happens to be offended!
Steamed vegetables.
It's Christmas, Eve!
They can smell it, but they can't eat it! (Joke from sikipedia)
To show he wasn't a chicken.
Three blind mice.
There is noel
Because XD
Chicken butt
You've gotta be kitten me. You can SPEAK?!?
elephino.  (Hell if I know)
A jealou'sea'
A frostitute
In case he got a hole in one.
The most animalistic way to ride a pussy
Santa goes down the chimney.
You take the "S" out of safe and the "F" out of way. One of my all time faves. If you say it out loud it will make sense :D

Nobody can.
A not see.
By son. 
He was unbereaveable.
Because Indiana sucks and Iowa blows.
Because of all of the coffin.
Becomes he only CUMS once a year
A big wave
The power of crust compels you.
They both taste like my dad's approval.
Sleigher
Beef Strokenoff 
If your gonna turn on a light... Why shade it.
Give him his gas bill.
Because he knows where all the naughty girls live. You've probably heard this one before. But it's Christmas tomorrow so what the hell. 
Because he only comes once a year
420
The cowboys suck. 
Neither! They're both research scientists gathering data on Google's driverless car. You racist
Hoppy holidays, and have a hoppin New Hare! Happy holidays everyone.
The Elf and Saftey Executive. 
He stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog.
An Airrab.
Yes he is.
Canoes tip
Stark lighting.
Do You Hear what I Hear?
My Korean girlfriend.
One. They're unfunny and very efficient.
Punchline
Because all the girls know he just wants to smash
A pilot.
Last Christmas I gave you my fart
Analysis.
Dam... I got to get in shape!
He's got little legs
Because Adam came before Eve!
Because it was a play on words.
Because the grass tickles their balls.
I'm so old that I was around when the Dead Sea was just sick. (Told to me by my grandfather)
At Christmas, there's a nip in the air.
Because she had no arms.
U2
motorcycles don't have trunks
Popeye's penis
"Way to go dude, you're kiln it!"
Because it keeps hitting pause. 
Because we're a match!
Because it's paneless.
Oh, you know. About 5 pounds. I'll show myself the door now.
Lonely.
Because they're ugly and they stink.
What a waist... 
Christmas Adam

He says, "Gourmet I be excused?"
Santa goes down the chimney.
That's a moray.
Because they switched to Comcast.
Because the car had a sun "woof"!  Yes, I made this up myself. Yes, I have no friends. 
Yeah mom!
I tend to go with "Happy wife, extended life."
You can sleep with a light on
"If were all here, who's looking after Madeline?"
When this gets 500 upvotes, I'll tell you the answer.
A pirate ship thailing clothe to an itheberg
Because they don't know the words.
Penicillin
Yes. Matthew 14:92: "And Mary rode Joseph's ass all the way to Egypt " 
In his sleevies! 
Im Stoned :p
Lick his Comatoes 
Naw, they're just exspearminting. 
Sparky
They can both live off a dead bear for years.
Five. One to change the lightbulb and four road guards.
10: one to change it, one to post about it for karma and eight to repost it a few months later.
Because he didn't have to Monet to pay the Guy to make the Van Gogh.
youyou.
Tell her to put a cock in it
Zero. Let that bitch cook in the dark
Cook them in the microwave
"I don't have the energy for this."
The one on the bottom because he already has his shit packed and ready to go.
In the spaghetto.
Sleigher.
Kim Jong Un what you thought it was Slim Jong Un? Sorry but you are not allowed to make puns on your supreme leader's name in North Korea
Because the road murdered the chicken's family.
you have to stand in the back of the gas chamber.
Nothing because OP never delivers. 
A really great thing ruined by a period.
Phelps can finish a race.
Root Beer
Lo mein.
Haha, don't be silly. Feminists can't change anything!
He worked it out with a pencil.
A blowjob 
Ton
You freeze it, put it on a bandsaw and cut it; "Meoooow".
Because they don't know where home is.
Because he was the Solaire!
Birthday suit
No whey.
Lack-toes intolerant
She was told to do an essay in school. 
Baby reindeer
They both have a Tutankhamun.
Because when he asked them who the best composer was, they'd all say "Bach bach bach!"
Santa goes down the chimney.﻿
4 in the seats and 47 in the ashtray.
Because they can't even!
trout
No one fucking reads them.
It started out as a smear campaign, but ended up being a real shitshow.
"Why did the chicken cross the road?"  "Why?"  "To get to the house of the ugliest human on the planet. Wanna hear another joke? Knock-knock...."  "Who's there?"  "Buc-buc-bucaaaaaw!"
Hebrews it. 
They should be eating oranges because they have vitamin C. haha
A year in prison if there's any justice.
It rectum.
New Jersey got to pick first
Because the P is silent.
To push Jake off a cliff.... he really hates Jake. as told by my 6 year old who hates a kid named Jake.
Shut the door im dressing
A subordinate clause
Pissdov
At bingo
Let's hang.
(>_<)  Hnng.  Aaaaaaaah. Like that. I'll show myself the door.        
Friend 1: You know people called Richard get called Dick. How do you get Dick from Richard? Friend 2: Depends how you ask him
Flu-catcher bread
Ever tried dipping a sailor in a boiled egg?
Poke them in the eye
Incum
Because inertia is a property of matter. 
Because they'll never meat in the middle.
Fo drizzle
Because he was in deNile
When you're in cider
Why di'n'ja 'vite us?
3/5ths
A rip off.
Because like, it sucks waiting around for underwear.
They have Barkinson's
He was shellfish.
To get to the other side.
Mu
Alone
Getting a N64 now
Denim denim denim. 
The wheelchair
I'm here all night
When you are the villain
Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday. 
A lot of these get upvoted because kids are cute, not because the joke is particularly funny. There are various great subreddits to post cute things that your kids say, but   is is not  . Also, Conspiracy Alert: I think people are just using the "my kid told me this" line so they don't have to take responsibility for the corniness of their joke. Have some pride OP! If a joke is good enough to share with thousands of strangers, it should be good enough to take credit for.  TL;DR: A bad joke does not become a good joke because a child told it.
A Russian spy.
Because of their 'cush'ions!
They both like bears.
He was fucking crackers.
Getting a 2 inch dick out of 3 inches of clothing. Stay warm out there!
None
themommeter
Shrimp. 
Because he knows where all the Naughty Girls live.
He heard he might be playing a big roll
If you slick her hair back just right, she looks nine!
Because the tomato sauce couldn't Ketchup.
Because two Wongs don't make a White! The credit to this joke goes to andino on sikipedia (cos if i dont credit it you lot will come after me with your pitchforks again!)
Get him off. 
Time dilution.
They only have one Tinkie-Winkie
Am I feeling nuts?
Why was the professional so impressed with the farmer? Because he was outstanding in his field!
He got down on one knee and said: "I don't want to be obamaself"
Nobody eats parsley.
Fine specimens.
Because he had a bone to pick.
Slanta Claus.
It's keeps all the texans in one fucking place!
Hella.
Dupli-cats
Because it's a mini soda. 
pussy.
A clamboni driver!

Gladiator Get it? Glad He Ate Her..
Respectacles
BringemYoung University
An engi-near! 
Every once in a while a Canoe would tip.
So he wouldn't fall into the hot chocolate.
Because they're all in   relationships!
Poke her face. 
Attire. My brother told this to me and it gave me a chuckle.
Mom:if you are a good boy,you will get one when you're older. Son:What if i'm not a good boy? Mom:You'll get many.
He had a very flashy ending
Take the "F" out of "Free" and the "F" out of "Way".
Over-krauted. 
Velma
Hiding the erection.
Her husband on a date.
Formed a coustic d'état
One knows he's not always right.
Because they'd get in trouble.
A sunken chest with no booty
One fits before they shuck, the other shits before they fuck.
Braaaaaaiiiiiiin freeze
To get to their jobs at the Sony headquarters.
One is a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean.
Because North Korea told it not to.
Turns out punching a mirror is painful for your hand.
A Buddha-pest.
A noose
You can't fuck the shit out of a calendar
I don't use sugar in my signature cookies. 
Sin/Cos
To get to the other side
Because there was a woman on the other side.
i understand....he says she's frigid.....
Dementos
John and Jenna had just finished making love and in a post coital moment John asked Jenna,"Sweety I am feeling a bit akward asking this but was I the first guy with whom, you know".  Jenna frowned and said," Yes you are my first! GeezI I hate it when you guys ask the same question"
Condoms are for fucking pussies, and for assholes.

Just trying to fit in.
You're under a vest lol
Sluts.
Because they're not fucking pussies
Chewing gum. What'd you think it was? 
currito
... it would create a fell Dell smell.
You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna What about the pot of glue reddit will ask. Hahahahaha I knew you'd get stuck there 
Talk about a double standard. 
I'll tell you next Friday.

Because he was Aminor
"argh..."   "NO, IT BE THE SEA"
Because it's a Finnish hymn.
Toot uncommon
Artificial Intelligence
He got off on a technicality.
He was afraid she would come home stoned.
Once you've seen Juan, you've seen Jamal.  (Sorry if you're offended, I love all races.)
It depends on which way she wipes her ass.
One's a tragic Mick...
When they start to like spankings
She's got no legs.
When one of his fingers is clean.
...you have to drop the bomb twice in order for her to get it.
Because they'll take all of your green cards.
Revocation of your grant money and a stern rebuke from the ethics committee.
Jogging
You. Why I oughta...! Edit: Wow, thanks for all the love. My son is quite the character and he really caught me off guard with this!
The rest are all true.
Borate.
You remove the pizza delivery sign! Hahahahaaa..ha
He came in pferd
We're both lawyers.
Muuuuuuon
I find racist jokes to be the funniest! Share your best racist jokes here, but please stay respectful ;)
It was terrible
One dollar
Kabamouflage
He commited sewercide
It's taking the piss out of your knickers!
Use your fists.
Because they never dig up daddies.
Edam
Edam! (Kill me)
So they can both watch the hockey game
Because it's so easy to make a ginger snap. 
Dr. Dreidel with Justin Timberlatke. (There's gotta be more we can do with this.)
Syphilis Snape
A paragraph, because they're not a full essay!
What do you call a female peacock?  A peacunt
Seaweed
A bloody big cricket.
After extensive marketing research the Colonel concluded that the franchise would benefit from better traffic patterns on the other side of the intersection.  (from my grandmother's Reader's Digest circa 1988)
A paranoid. (Wooo maths jokes)
Because you take my breath away. 
Why do polish people all have ski at the end of their name? Because they can't spell toboggan.
Traitor Joe's.
Snoop Dinner
He only comes if you sleep, not if Ukip.
I don't know why they're still speculating. After all, it's pretty clear that   was nailing him.
Everyone was yelling "Hands up, Don't Shoot" but J.R. Smith and Carmelo Anthony just wouldn't listen.
Santa Clause rolling down a hill
Nice belt.
They both have a camel toe.
Gag. 
Spaghetti-No's I'm sorry.
He felt his presents.
Because he hasn't Read October. 
A dead centipede. 
Because they're delicious!
A Zero.
Roll up her sleeve.
They have no rights.
He only comes once a year.
Skip to the next track
A Jehoover's Witness
Tell her drinks are on the house.
Investigator!
Her teacher told her to go home and do an essay.
VietNOMNOMNOM
Depends on the wifi at Starbucks.
Stylus. 
THEIR HOUSE GOT REPOSSESSED! 
'Cause you look gouda to me.
If it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan !
Because he'd look pretty silly with four inches.
His Fresh Prints 
Get another one to yell BINGO
A. The Ultra Sound guy.  Q. Who is the second coolest?  A. The Hip replacement dude. 
Going to Thailand with your own children
GLOVES! Nah, just kidding... He still hasn't unwrapped his present.
He never changes his position.
You stumped me!
A drizzly bear, of course
A rip off.
What's the matador?
A cock a dude'll do!
Depresso.

Nothing. He just keeps the tips.
To get to the udder side
Because it was alive when you started.
Pop-Tardis
One goes down the chimney, the other goes up.
There are twenty of them.  (Yes I'm aware that there shouldn't be a hyphen if you're referring two twenty children who are four years old but that a misleading opener is what makes this joke funny.)
Mourning wood.
Don't be stupid, feminists can't change anything.
I can't jelly my dick up your ass.
Because their weapons were made in China
They call it the tic-tac tactic.
Because Asians love to take a photo of their food before eating.
Need for speed.
Best Duck Ever. 
Grass...  I lied about the wheels
Whole Foods
That shits like liquid Coke!
In square feet.
Exodus  
They eat out.
SUM YUNG HO
A cognac
Symphony in A Minor
Family research.
Jeffrey. Knock knock, Who's there? NOT JEFFREY
Fleas Navidad
Last night I didn't pay 20 bucks to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
Put it under the soap.
Denim denim denim (Say it to the tune of the Mario pipe noise)
A slut sleeps with everyone and a bitch sleeps with everyone but you.

Sir Cumfrence
drizzle.
She's outstanding in her field.
The Boston Marathon Bombing ended a race.
Because they don't have seals on the south pole Takes a while to get, but it's worth it in the end.
Eight a'cock
A whispering eye patch.
There were mazel tov cocktails everywhere!
1forrest1
Because seven was a registered six offender. 
Citrus down.
A. The GofuckyoursElf.
Acceptable
Telling your parents you're gay
I put the wrong socks on this morning...
One shoots but can't hit, the other hoots but can't sh...
Aye Matey!
Because poor kids have behavioural problems! *rimshot*
Alabama. Anywhere else it would have been called a  brush
Because part tickles.
He AJAXulated.
There's more birds on that side.
Because he only comes once a year and it's down a chimney! Merry Christmas sickos! :)
After it was stuck in traffic because of protesters blocking the freeway: a police car.
Clausetrophobic. I'm here all week.
Because he's a bad wrapper
Breathe Again- Toni Braxton
why do chickens cluck? …….. cause you can't say fuck with out a bottom lip.
My last bowel movement. Seriously folks, for a healthy stool, drink plenty of water, eat vegetables and use a squatting position.
I'm not doing that again for two bucks.
Because she tried on your wife's pants and they fit.
Because he liked playin around all those miners.
Third grade.
Mistletoe.
Pro   work
A 10 inch long cock.
Because all their friends are dead.
The refrigerator doesn't fart when you take the meat out.
A Sandy Hook survivor.
Peekaboo.
Mycoxafloppin
So he can hoe-hoe-hoe! 
You hang around, and I'll go on ahead.
Twenty-Juan
The horse knows when I'm grooming him.
The sock under my bed.
He had an Inconvenient Tooth.  
Hitler changed that
denim denim denim
[Content Removed] 
He knows where all the naughty girls live. Why am I so jolly? I stole his list.
An investigator
A private investigator. 
Because they were stuck up bitches. 
Depends!
The Stones say "hey you get off of my cloud!" The Shepard says "hey Mc Cloud get of of my ewe!"
Infucktious Diseases
Christian Bale
They both know when you are sleeping.
A waggin'
Boy scouts come back from camp.
"My mom is gonna kill me!" What did the fetus say when the teen found out she was pregnant? " My mom is gonna kill me!"
A stick.
"Ummm ... forget about the changing the lightbulb, honey, maybe let's start with changing those curtains"
Apparently some prick cut her off.
"We don't care how you bring 'em, just Brigham Young."
There was a young woman who had never known her father.  One year, on Christmas day, a stranger knocked at her door. When she opened the door, there was an older gentleman standing there. He looked at her face for a moment, then reached out and handed her a beautifully bound book of poetry. "What is this?" she asked. "A present," the man replied, "from your father." "My father?" she said, "but I don't have a father." "Rachel... you do...and I'm him." said the man, looking at the young woman, his eyes filling with tears.  Her heart began racing at the thought that this may actually be him.  But how could it be?  After all this time? "How can I really know if my father is present before me?" she asked. The man, still crying, softly replied, "Rachel, your father is not present." He pointed at the book, gently tapping it’s cover. "Book is present." Then the woman cried as she hugged her dad for the first time.
Ruthless.
Yeah, after his plane went down they found his Head and Shoulders washed up on a beach.
The boy scout in my trunk.
None; it's a hardware problem. 
Stick your finger in and try to walk away.
Asbestos they can.
Numbers not divisible by 2.
much wow such doge much grammar such hamburger so good
2, one to hold the light bulb the other to drink until the room spins 
Fitting in....
You take it to the Moo-seum. I know this joke is terrible, but I totally came up with it on my own, but I'm sure it exists already.   
Beer nuts are about a dollar seventy nine, deer nuts however are just under a buck
She gives great hem jobs.
2 years of marriage.
Myxomatosis doesn't need Viagra to fuck bunnies. 
Gee, I'm a tree.
Because it was pissed off.
Because I put on the wrong sock this morning.
He only needed them after he'd opened it.
Because it was making a Great Leap Forward.
Snowballs.
You can only get 4 fingers in a Kit Kat.
A roamin catholic
He said hi...
The boss calls his secretary and says, "Get ready for the weekend, We are going on a business trip." The secretary calls husband and says, "Me and my boss are going on a business trip for 2 days so takecare of yourself." The husband calls his girlfriend and says, "My wife is going on a business trip come home we can have fun." The girlfriend calls the boy to whom she gives tuition, "No tuition this weekend." The boy calls his grand father, "Grandpa at last we can spend this weekend together." Grandpa (The boss) calls his secretary and says, "Business trip is cancelled. I'm going to spend weekend with my grandson." The secretary calls husband, "I won't be going." The husband calls his girlfriend, "I am sorry My wife is not going." The girlfriend calls boy, "You have tuition." Boy calls his grandpa and says, "Sorry grandpa I've classes." . . . . . . . The grandpa calls secretary....  
One. We are efficient and don't have humor.
He looks at your shoes while he's talking to you instead of his own.
ChaChing!
Black boo-tea
Little Caesers
Because he won't born yesterday. 
I'm so sick and tired of Panda Express. 
None. They just beat it for being dark. 
Because it's mage tipping berry ready for us. Obligatory edit: very easy for us
Chicken Caesar Salad
Because he was grounded! (I'll see myself out)
The Bible
Pencilvania. 
After arriving home from school, a young boy brings up his homework assignment to his dad. “Daddy, the teacher said to find out how politics works for class.” The dad replies, “Politics? Well, let me explain, because politics operates in this house.” “Really?” “Yes, of course. Son, it’s like this… who brings home the money in this family?” “You, daddy.” “Right, so I am capitalism.” “Ah, okay.” “Now, what does your mother do?” “Mom? She doesn’t do anything...” “Alright, so your mom is government.” “Okay.” “Now, your mother is supposed to take care of you just like government is supposed to take care of its people, so you’re the people.” “I’m the people!” “That’s right. Now, the nanny is the working class, and your little brother, only two months old, is the future. I want you to think on this tonight, and I’ll ask you tomorrow morning before school what you think politics is, okay?” “Yes daddy.” Everyone goes to bed that night, only for the little boy to be woken up in the middle of the night by the cries of his baby brother who has pooped in his diaper. “I should go get mom,” the boy thinks, and he walks over to his parents’ bedroom. His mother was still fast asleep, so instead of waking her, the boy headed to the nanny’s room to get her to help with his brother. Looking through the keyhole of the room, he saw his father fucking the nanny. Not wanting to walk in on them, he returned to his room and waited out his brother’s crying, eventually falling asleep as well. The next morning, the little boy walks to the kitchen table before school and is greeted by his dad. “So son, tell me, did you think about what we talked about last night? Do you know how politics works now?” “Yep, I have a pretty good idea now. It’s actually really easy. Politics works like this: while capitalism screws the working class, the government is asleep and the people are in a tizzy over the fact that the future is in the shit.”
Imagine all the shit you would see...
Suck his dick.
Because if they didn't drop the base it would be a neutral reaction and they wouldn't feel the psychedelic effects.
Uke hunt!
Because, corn has ears!
The Big Cigarette
A Ginger Bread-House
Because She had no arms...... Knock Knock Who's There?? Not Sally........
They both steal cookies ;) 
A pool table.

A crisp Pringle
Because niggas can't swim
He wasn't worried about all that alarmism.
He kermits suicide. I'll show myself out now.
Crimea River
Because, it's acidic juice.
the back of the oven!!!!
Some baked beans
It runs in your jeans. ba dum tss.
No! Endangered species are protected by the law. -Chris Rock
A Dicktater
he is OK now.
He was caught fingering A-minor. 
Because the label said, "Contents Under Pressure" Got this joke from my brother :D
Dill Doe :D
Rasta-four-eyes!
They're both Marine layers
.
Syphilis  
uuuuuUuuuUUUUuuuuuuuUuUUUuuuuuuuuuU
Shake it off
Because he didn't believe in integration. 
COPD
Because they're always dropping the Bass.
They'll fucking tell you!
A Mistlehoe.
Because you're one basic BiTcH
a drunk old man was found crying inconsolably by  his friend . "what's wrong ? " "i did something terribly bad  that to this day I terribly regret" "but what have you done ?!" "do you remember when the germans came to tunisia for the french ? , i offered a french girl a  place to hide from the germans   " " you are a gentleman ! , why do you regret it  " " it wasn't for free you know what i mean " " that's so bad but it's better than being killed if  she was ok with that" " you don't understand , should i tell her that the war is over " haha 
It drives me nuts.
None.  He fell down some stairs.
two weeks later out popped a pickle
A woman that won't do what she's told.

Except slavery
Wrong
The issues raised aren't exactly black or white.
Mine hair!! 
They're all a bunch of drama-dairies.
beats me
They're on the side of your buccin head.
Because it's when you're closest to her heart. 
fuck you
.....................................Timing.
He was Snowden. 
By frying kikes.
Where's pop corn?
Tukaluk
They only had two vans 
(whisper) HHAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYY
Pappu:- Should i punished for the work which I have not done?? Teacher: - No of course not, but why do you ask? Pappu: - Because, I have not done my home work…. :) :)
None. Feminists can't change anything. 
10, one to change the lightbulb; the other nine to act in a manner stereo-typically associated with said ethnicity.
Carloss.  MUHAHAHAHA
one, but it takes 32 lightbulbs. 
Aburrido.
Cross-country
Your nose

A doppler-gänger
A working stiff

Bob: What are nuts on a wall? Dan: walnuts? Bob: What are nuts on a chest? Dan: Chestnuts? Bob: What are nuts on your chin? Dan: Chinnuts? Bob: No, dick in your mouth!
Antibiotics!
Because no one ever makes sandwiches.
Nah, It's too corny.
NASCAR
Both of them spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
Tequila mockingbird Or Ernest Hemingway
With an itheburg.
One of those greasy bums is making a lot more money. 
Cross-Country
That means 75% are not getting the help they need
I need space. 
Everyone I ask says they dont know
Shorts!
50 bucks
If it where anyone else it woulda been called a teethbrush
She had a bowel movement during her vowel movement.
They exorcise.
Because it's either Sunni or Shiite
A Jiraffa.
A full set of teeth
If you were forced to have it as a child, you probably won't like it as an adult.
You're nothing but a joke.
None, they just stand around  complimenting it, and get mad when it won't screw.
You pay the hooker and she does what you want. And you pay your wife and she does what she wants.
You straight jack it.
Missle Toe.
A: Cause they're sick of all his royal flushes.
They are the path of leaf resistance. 
It was completely runed.
Cos.
Because fuck you that's why
Pyroglyphs.
I dont know. I was too busy masturbating!
He felt he had no porpoise in life
To a retail store.
Necrophiliacs
Push it.
Superman committed suicide. 
It's fucking in tents! ...I'll see myself out. 
Inbred
Up his sleevies!
Discuss
A whore sleeps with everybody at the party, and a bitch sleeps with everybody at the party except you.
They can't drive cars.
A labracadabrador
Canadian Club on the Rocks
It doesn't matter, mine itches so bad it's on fire, providing plenty of light for everyone in the room!
There isn't.
Because they're ugly and they stink.
 is funny and   is a joke!
The Commodore Amiga.
With smoke signals
Because 7 was a 6 offender.
She wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
You can't marmalade your cock up your girlfriends ass.
Ebola.
Because it was PG
Both of the doctor's hands on your shoulders.
You just stand there and take 8 shots
They make up everything
One is a hollow cylinder and the other a silly Hollander. Source (Cause I can't claim fame for Victorian era jokes): 
A black guy and white guy are arguing over whether God is black or white. They cannot agree and finally decide to fly to Israel, climb the highest mountain and shout the question to God. After they arrive and reach the summit of the holiest mountain, the white guy shouts out, "God, what are you, black or white?" Soon, dark clouds gather, the wind picks up, lightning is flashing and this thundering voice replies: "I am what I am." The white guy turns to the black and says, "See, I told you He was white." "How do you know?" asks the black. "Because," says the white guy, "If He was black, He would have said "I is what I is."" 
Because Auto-Bots pull out!
You know they are going to keep coming back, and despite the fact they are weaker each time, you still don't look forward to them.
Michael brown's death
They are fun to ride until your friends find out.
A drunken man who smelled of whiskey sat down on a train, next to a priest. The man's tie was stained, his face was plastered with red lipstick, and a half-empty bottle of the finest whiskey was sticking out of his torn coat pocket. He opened his newspaper and began reading. After a few minutes the man turned to the priest and asked, "Say Father, what causes arthritis?" The priest replies, "My son, it's caused by loose living, being with cheap, wicked women, too much alcohol, contempt for your fellow man, sleeping around with prostitutes and lack of a bath." The drunk muttered in response, "Well, I'll be damned" then returned to his paper. The priest, thinking about what he had said, nudged the man and apologized. "I'm very sorry. I didn't mean to come on so strong. How long have you had arthritis?" The drunk answered, "I don't have it, Father. I was just reading here that the Pope does."
Because they don't know where home is.
For example, my father is a physicist and is constantly telling jokes that only people with a lot of experience in his field could actually understand.
A Pedro leak.
Because the trees break wind.
Lieutenant
Usain Bolt
Oh, no? Nevermind then. 
Scotsman South African  Canadian Englishman Israeli Preferably about them walking into a bar, Im meeting my clients next week and im Canadian, we decided to plan to meet into a bar. So i think it would be funny to crack a joke right?
After having failed his exam, a student goes and confronts his lecturer about it. Student: “Sir, do you really understand anything about the subject?” Professor: “Surely I must. Otherwise I would not be a professor!” Student: “Great, well then I would like to ask you a question. If you can give me the correct answer, I will accept my mark as is and go. If you however do not know the answer, I want you to give me an “A” for the Exam.” Professor: “Okay, it’s a deal. So what is the question?” Student: “What is legal but not logical, logical but not legal, and neither logical nor legal?” Even after some long and hard consideration, the professor cannot give the student an answer, and therefore changes his exam mark into an “A”, as agreed. Afterwards, the professor calls on his best student and asks him the same question. He immediately answers: “Sir, you are 63 years old and married to a 35 year old woman, which is legal, but not logical. Your wife has a 17 Year old lover, which is logical but not legal. The fact that you have given your wife’s lover an “A”, although he really should have failed, is neither legal nor logical.”
well.... I can't jelly my dick up your ass.
He was only a few cents off.
Patty O'Furniture.
It gets blown to 
Because they cantaloupe..
Well Gandhi  as well know was a very important person who in recent times has taken on a mystic quality to some. He often fasted for long periods of time making him rather weak and fragile, he went barefoot for long periods of time and so it's fair to assume he built up lots and lots of callouses and he was reported at one point to have very bad breath because of a gum disease. This all means he was a... Super Calloused Fragile Mystic Hexed By Halitosis 
"All I want for christmas is yeux"
You boil the hell out of it.
They call themselves Al-Dehydes.
A vegiterrier!
Please, someone help me, I can't solve it and it's making me nuts.
Because 7 raped 6 when he was 4.
Cuz 12, 13, 14
His package cums  too quickly
Spit, swallow, bite, and gargle.
A meowntain
Bubblegum
Not in the mainstream
Bison.
Everywhere!
Muchas Grassy-ass. I'm sorry.
With a porcupine, the prick is on the outside.
It's his tenth alt account.

Oh yeah, Phil Rudd. Too soon?
Prostitootie.
A Cosby Sweater
Not many of them know how to dance.
They're both at the bottom of the ocean and full of seamen
A jolly rancher!
Fodrizzle 
Nevermind, it's tearable! 
This is the only good one I know: "Why don't DJs play pool?  They always scratch."
He wanted to be the Changs he wanted to see in the world.
Ebenezer Scrooge-yagirl
He felt his life was heading for a downward spiral.
Being told by your dentist
Because he might come in Andy
He just nose. All credit to my BFF
Two test tickles 
1.Open the fridge  2.Put the elephant in  3.Close the fridge
The poor swiss washes his Mercedes by himself
Because they all had a tare
Hear hear...
...Cancer
What arrr ya buncha pirates or sumthin?
Because they can't spell toboggan (This joke brought to you by a 90 yr old polish man I take care of at a nursing home)
It's growing on them.
He sold his soul to Santa.
He was safety-pinned to the chicken.
Making a homemade meal.
Ralph is driving home one evening, when he suddenly realizes that it's his daughter's birthday and he hasn't bought her a present. He drives to the mall, runs to the toy store, and says to the shop assistant, "How much is that Barbie in the window?" In a condescending manner, she says, "Which Barbie?" She continues, "We have Barbie Goes to the Gym for $19.95, Barbie Goes to the Ball for $19.95, Barbie Goes Shopping for $19.95, Barbie Goes to the Beach for $19.95, Barbie Goes Nightclubbing for $19.95, and Divorced Barbie for $265.00." Ralph asks, "Why is the Divorced Barbie $265.00 when all the others are only $19.95?" "That's obvious," the saleslady says. "Divorced Barbie comes with Ken's house, Ken's car, Ken's boat, Ken's furniture..."
Because fuck u and no one likes u, that's why.
No eye deer. What do you call a deer with no eyes or legs? Still no eye deer. What do you call a deer with no eyes, legs, or genitalia? Still no fucking eye deer.
Bob had a bath with bubbles.  Want to hear a dirty joke? Bubbles was a guy. 
Because Tom had previously drowned in the well and everyone said "Tom is sleeping with the fishes."
Matt
You get Insta-Gram
Why is everyone in the Soviet Union is always in a hurry? They're all Russian.
Ten-tickles
Because it's dead.
No Stairway.
I'll be black.
HAND EYEEEEEEEE
A: None. Each lightbulb contains the means of its own revolution.
a diseased beaver on your organ...
He solved for y! Thought this one up myself and thought it was post worthy
So that the bride wouldn't get cold feet.
A cucumber.
Namaste
Silicon Valley.
Mace Hindu.
Become a cop first.
Games.
Popeye's knob.
The khrushchev
One shucks between fits.
He's still there.
Turns out it was a naan issue.
Because 7 8 9
Wipe it off and say sorry.
,.........mmmnhhhhgcdddxxdtyyhhbvbbb
It wouldn't matter. Jon Snow knows nothing.
Must have been all degrassi was smoking. I'll let myself out.
I'm cerebro
Gang rape What do those 9 disagree about? The order
Even the name has 'lack' in it
Because he had two dads 
About halfway.
An impasta!
jalapeno business!
A Brazillian.
Because it is a zero G environment.
A jihahahad!
Don't worry he woke up
Today's your lucky day, because I've got two!
Neither did the children in my basement.
They aren't... The slow ones are in jail
interracial couple losing virginity
It depends on how hard you throw them.
Because he only comes once a year. 
It's someone who cuts hair in a library.
Paint yourself green and throw bananas at her.
To Tally-hos!
Because he had no pocket money.
He only comes once a year and that's down the chimney.
There's twenty of them
An Illumi-neti pot
(Zzzzip)
A hard on 
Nativities.
An unemployment line. 
Neither of them are a clarinet!
Because women always think they're right.
Micoxafalin.
7
Everyone got swine flu
He knows where all the naughty girls live.
Because she was a woman
Fry pranes.
How are we supposed to find an egg in all this shit?
Having legs.....
Me doula oblongota   
You fuck her
A he brew.
... or are circles pointless
Up his sleevies. 
A Star-Spangled Banner.
Canoes tip.
Probably.

put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool
pants up, dont poop. 
Fish.
He opensh hish doorsh with them. 
THATS NOT FUNNY!
Anything you want. He is 'armless
Dress her up as an alter boy.
I wouldn't pay $50 to have a garbanzo bean on my face :O
a noble gas!
Counter-Esp on ge
did you hear the one about santa went to the doctors doctor says to him what is the problem , Santa says i have a mince pie stuck up my bum the doctor say bend over let me have a look, santa say well doc what do you think DOctor replies your in luck i got some cream for that.
The Holocaust.
Pontius Pilates.
she wanted to wash up on shore...
Its ass.
Drop dead gore-geous!
White Christmas.
You trying to get a rise out of me! Came up with while I was making pizza. 
Macademia.
Deep Pan, crisp and even!!
To the lo mein menu
Bad mother faker.  
Beats me
An amputee
A broken light bulb you racist bastard.
In case he got a hole in one
Teacher: why did you laugh? Boy: I saw one strap of your bra. Teacher: get out of the class for 1 week. Two boys laughed, Teacher: why did you laugh: boys: I saw both straps. Teacher: get out for 1 month. She bent down to take chalk, jony started walking out. Teacher: jony, why you are going out? Jony: what I just saw I think my school days are over.
Personality.
Because air is free
No shit Sherlock.
Niggas in Ferris.
An impasta
Whats the difference between OP and a magical ram? One is a Fey Goat, while the other is a  .
They both like a tight seal.
Snow Balls
Call her and tell her all about it.
It takes 10 months to give it a good meal
Because they are  phobes.
You would too if you had crabs on your bottom and oysters in your bed.
RAWR
For the love of everything sacred on reddit please do not make me actually key the answer....okay, let's say it together, "Salad Shooter".
Because they're Not-Z's ( )
Comet books! Edit: What do planets like to read?**
Because the camels can't handle it
Read all the other threads. I need new content. The old stuff is getting, well old.  Here's my contribution.  Have you head of the new drinking game? The mike brown special: stand there and take 12 shots.  What's the difference between mike brown and a college kid? College kids can handle more shots before they fall down. 
He was jailed for pre-medicated murder.
So they can win one every now and again. (Thanks, John Cleese! This was too good not to share.)
With his Shtick.
All the hot dogs taste like shit. 
He found a lump on his testicle.
The Beatless
Because she wanted the D. (I dreamed this joke last night. Not bad for a dream joke.)
Disaster.
Because of Santa and his Raindeer.
Police Navidad.
A seasoned veteran. 
You'll never see me cumming.
The grammar police.
Sunny-D
Her hips. 
De-stalinization plants
Hebrews it.
On a Harley, the dick is on the top.
Because they have to be.
Is that you coffin?
After they said no, he used the Force.  
Paper or plastic?
I'm fast.
One says, "Hey, you, get off of my cloud!" The other says, "Hey, MacLeod, get off of my ewe!
Smashed potatoes.
They have a semillon!
purple, because the ice cream is boneless.
Dad, I'm over here.
Because you're assured that the recipient will get it. (Don't you DARE explain the joke in the comments)
When a woman rejects feminism.
He had friends on the other side.
Because it's the only day blacks can afford to go shopping 
Because he only comes once a year.
The taste.
Because he was born in a barn.
It depends on ashtrays capacity. //badenglishsorry
Beer nuts are over a dollar; deer nuts are under a buck.
Well, he couldn't afford a dog.
When he eats his first brownie
Deep
Jews.
A stick.
They only have one joystick to worry about.
Cokeasian.
A Quarter Pounder with cheese.
A stick. What's brown and runny? Usain Bolt. 
They both kill your dog
What do you call a Nazi who is social and moves freely at a party? Josef Mengeling
They found her Head and Shoulders in the glove box.
Because they have already looted everything they would have bought anyway.
Apple Martini
Everyone takes him for granite.
A master batter
Cause he can't do stand-up.
A: Yes
A mute telling a deaf guy that a blind guy saw a paraplegic running behind a bald guy while grabbing his hair.
Denim Denim Denim
Tell him the Final Solution.
Me love you wrong time.
.
Because it's white, and it's on their land.
To get to the other side.
A brick
Ate something.
Go for the juggler
We all know they dont gather mass.
Because it's Homo.
Because he went ice-skating before it was cool ‎( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Soak it in lighter fluid, throw a match on it.  Woof! 
Pout while all the colored folk were bumpin and grinding with all the fine white bitches
Poverty.  :(
Put it in the freezer for three days.  Run it through a bandsaw.  Meoooooow.
Two feet of my cock in your ass.
My moms van, its been sitting on blocks all summer you racist bastard.
His amp.
If you leave yoghurt alone for a couple of centuries, it'll grow a culture.
9 polar bears (joke on a mug at work. lame, ik)
Because six inches would look silly.
Yes, an alarm system.

Because they always try to mess with his nails.

He only ate quadraplegics. Credit to:   for the inspiration
[deleted]
Western Feminism.
You wake up 3 hours later drowsy and wondering why you feel like you just got stuffed with dark meat
Sir Cumference 
Suk Sum Toh
"Tea, Rex?"
They BURy it
A non-prophet organisation.
Because his bread was stollen!!!
A play on words.
It cried Oui Oui Oui all the way home.
I saved you a stool.
The New York Necks
"Well that's really tiny writing!"
They go straight for the juggler.
Because everything is 3/5ths the original price!
Because he's married.
Because there's gonna be a bone for you to discover in Uranus
Sexy children.
understand bull
Ferguson, it was a steal.
The cheque I just sent to Save the Children. 
You can lick a plate dry
Because they can't even.
Me neither.
God doesn't walk around thinking he's Bono.
Turkey-two j.k. we don't celebrate thanksgiving here lol happy normal day to us
Ferguson!
They pulled letters out of a hat. C, eh N, eh D, eh
Last Supper
One makes you feel sick and the other one is free!
Bye-son
Mullet. Business in the front and outdated by today's standards in the rear
In the seedy part of town
NO
Yahweh or the highway.
Because the door was ajar!
"I Apollogize".
I need to impress my friends with Internet stuff, gosh.
Surreal.
The iPhone Ayyyye-t
Because everyone hates chain mail.
A: an AYE-Phone. (Joke brought to you by a 5 year old)
A rip off.
Australian.  Yes I know lions aren't jungle animals, but as per common nomenclature etc etc yadda yadda raspberry :) 
Boy scout comes back from camp!
I CAME FIRST! edit: CAME = CUM
Dress her up like an altar boy
Freedom.
How do you call the homosexuell mathematic department of ISIS?
Because the prices are so good you are practically stealing. 
Not cool.
They say he ate 7 alligators before they could drag him out of there.
Pick her up out of the wheelchair
Kermit's fingers
Because there's a target on every corner
A hot rod. NOTE:  When I was about 5, I thought this was the funniest joke on earth.
Sea-Weed. I'll show myself the door.
A firm believer. 
He couldn't get off on the standard deviation
Arrrrbys
Because he Neverlands. This is always funny because it never grows old
I don't know, ask your mom.
The Turkey. 
The Janitor
Kick her in the crotch.
M-I-S-S-I-S-S-I-P-P-I
It's not like they are coming to yours.
Smoked Muenster.
CANTELOPE
by having sex with her
Condom fit like a glove
They become alpha-beta-cle 
A Roamin Catholic.
Harrelson's woodie.
He couldn't use Lime Wire anymore.
When her moustache is on fire!
There's a little nip in the air.
All three of them. 
He had his soup before it was cool.
Because Bruce Lee is no joke.
Hor-crocs.
Truth or Darren Wilson.
Beer X-post from 
Turkey
Because they're in the kitchen melting.

Thought I would give it a shot. 
Nachomama
Unlimited twerky
Give him a tampon and ask which period it came from.
Santa stops after three hoes.
Because they carefully and objectively reviewed the evidence from the trial and thought a legitimate injustice had been done.
Easel-y
A pizza doesn't beg me to keep going when I'm eating it. 
Because usually they're stuck with reservations.
Because if you can't Helium or Curium, you Barium. (Heard it from Heimerdinger, League of Legends)
Cancer.
by m'tosis
An empty bus..
A passenger you racist fuck.
Because he only comes once a year.
Because he knows where all the naughty girls live.
He didn't want to be called chicken 
In the mainstream.
Because they're all insecure assholes with small dicks, and adding "THE" in front of their second rate school's name adds some sort of meaning to their pitiful existences... ...at least that's what a Michigan alum told me the other day
Harry Daughter.
A. It is not a problem, since you will never find an elephant with one hand.
Turd Furgeson
Only one of them knows how to dodge a bullet.
Adolfin.
"Toby"
Some bloke named Winter. Managed to go 4 years without cumming.
It's a riot.
By the time they said "I'm not that kind of girl" they were.
A condom.
None, they just shoot the room for being black.
He wasnt about to take directions from some bitch
Dinkleberry!
Everywhere.
Wave hello
Now you have to say "Jamaal can you please paint the fence".
"You know what else they can't get? Good jobs." I received a write-up :(
An anorchy... ...I swear, that one KILLED at the urology convention
At first there's lots of blowing and sucking, then your house is gone. 
a weenner the pooh
Wiped his cheeks Both of them
It's Narnia business.
All of them.
Chubby wubby
P-irate 
They both have a hard time pulling off a twist. 
He got a battery charge.
Because they make up everything 
None, they just beat the room for being black. 
-1
Lumbar mill.
The people of Ferguson.
Go straight for the juggler.
They couldn't get with the pogrom.
Space Jam
When she pulls the tampon out and the cotton is already picked.
Officer Wilson can dodge a bullet
because he had two Drumsticks. 
You can unscrew a lightbulb.
Because the steaks are too high.
Why was Harry Potter kicked out of Hogwarts? He was caught playing with his broomstick.
What do you call a postmodernist ravioli? An intellectual impasta'.
the farmer murdered all the chicken's family and the chicken can no longer bear to sleep in the same coop let alone the same side of the road as the human that took away the only love of her life; so in the dark of the night she plans her escape... she packs her belongings and makes a beeline for the coop's door, but wait! there is a strange noise outside; it's a fox! now she is torn between risking her life for the chance at peace or staying in a place she know she'll surly die. after what seemed like a lifetime she quivered by the coops door waiting for the rustling to stop. finally the night grows quiet once more and she peeps her head out to see a stary night. she keeps her clucks to a minimum and her footsteps light, she felt like her heart was beating like an Indian drum and then, she saw the road and she knew the grass would greener than where she stood. and then the chicken took a step, then another, then another. and at last she could see the light at the end of her dark, dark tunnel. she began to sprint, clucking her little heart out with glee until it was too late, the light she had been racing towards ran her over and she lay there, blood, feathers and tears. So my friend, the next time someone asks you why the chicken crossed the road, remember this life we live isn't painted in black and white, there are no easy, clear answers, even in the chickens case. There was so much more than just getting to the other side. Fin. Please excuse my grammatical errors. 
You can eat a cricket ball
More than a Coppola times....Solozzo times I guess..don't be a Fredo gettin' addicted to it.... It's Kay    :)  
A Paralegal.
Because his girlfriend was in a Roofie induced coma.
A Pi-nurse.
Osama Bin Eating
Because I want to throw you aside and forget about you forever.
Adolfin.  Stolen from 
What's in your wallet?
Nothing. You push them both aside and keep on eating.
Where's Spiderman's home page?  On the world wide web. 
Juan on Juan

Ethiopian.
A stick.
By cramming.
French Toast.
No whey.
Because he lost all his Tudors.
Neither. The rooster did.
Because it was framed. 
Dicken's. Because everyone wants their Dicken's Cider.
....The food was great, but there was no atmosphere.
A nun with a javelin through her head
Here --> *
There portions are like..nothing.
All right,  all right,  all right..
Cover me, I'm going in.
Because it was a fowl.
Because he never really was on your side.
Porkour
Because they can weigh things by eye man. 
You get a blowjob from the fetus.
Ground beef
With erections.
Kids generally don't enjoy them
Plosive diarrhea
Nobody's ever paid money to have a lentil on their face.
An investigator...
a necromancer
Because its between AC...
I can't believe I blew fifty bucks back there! I'll offer an alternative also as they are both stupid. What did the giraffe say when he walked into the bar? The high balls are on me. Commence the booing, hissing and downvoting! Comments of 'lame' or 'gay' are also very welcome and offer highly valuable feedback.
ten tickles
Free fap material
Depends
...I'm lovin' shit
The dinocologist
(Most people respond, "Arrr!") That's what I thought too, but it turns out their hearts belong to the 'C'.
Because 7 eight 9. That's right; That's the punchline. 
You can silence a gun. 
In Alabama you have sex with your sister. In Mississippi you have sex with your fat sister.... Thought of it this morning and felt like sharing. Cheers
Because they can't even.
The Salivation Army. 
To get to the other side.
To get to the other  .
Oatmeal.
The teachers aren't too worried about it. The students can stop anytime. 
None, they'll just shoot the room for being black. 
Because he Neverlands
Because she didn't see it coming.
It's called, "Women say the Dardest things." He denies rape charges for thirty minutes.
Your fence.
They both sang at the police.

mouthwash.
You can only fit 3 fingers in a can of Copenhagen.
You know you shouldn't, but you're gonna lick it eventually.
you wont get it...
They wub one out
Because all of the Mexicans that can run,jump,and swim are in America!
Because he couldn't commit.
The Woof of Wall Street.
To avoid unnecessary beef.
Neither has he.
Because then it would be a foot
68 .  Because at 69 you flip over and eat it.
Don't worry about changing the lightbulb. I'll just sit here in the dark.
The wheelchair
A meowtain
The birds refused to clean them because it was in-denture servitude.
The women. Lesbians leave lickety split. Gay guys have to pack their shit first.
A bloody waste of fucking time.
Who wants to know?
Because it doesn't lift
Mouthwash. funny story behind this I was on a trial for door to door sales, me and the guy who was going to be my manager went into some womans house with her friend too, took the friends address which was 69 and she cracks this out couldnt stop laughing.
The time between when I come, and you go.
It had a loco-motive.
"have you tried turning the light off and back on?"
It's ill-eagle
Tomato-saurus
Geurrilla warfare
They were just getting the first teams hitched up when things got out of control and 117 people were killed. They say its the deadliest occident on record.
Nah, I've never met herbivore.
The Neighbor of the Beast.
At   oh-my-goodness! ~Skip
He needed to see if how fast his grade dropped broke any laws of physics.
It was wrong on so many levels.
He was hit by a buss
"Me! That hurts!"
Freshly whipped masochist!
Batman can go out without robbin
Lidl people.
He stayed up all night wondering if there really was a dog.
That horse you're on needs to go to rehab, because he is FUCKING HIGH!
None, they just beat the crap out of the room for being black.
They scurry!
The short ones drowned in the floods
...misogynistic.
He eyes the b'ys.
Twist
Cause Jimmy had a frog stapled to his face.
Nothing until the jobs done.
A gynecologist, you racist bastard!
They torque.
Because they got sin and cos to give them a tan.
A Virgin
a brunette with bad breath...
Because he's dead.
Go for the Jugular (juggler)!
Some time ago, while chatting with a friend, the topic of religion came up. I told him I didn't believe in god, and he asked me: -Well, you MUST have a bible at your house, no? - Well, yes, you are right. But it's not a regular bible. It's one of those bibles with a hole inside, and I have a gun there. You see, I have a feeling that one day, a burglar will go into my home and try to kill me. As a last wish I will ask him to read from my bible. And then I will shoot the motherfucker! That'll teach him to not be a fucking moron and believe in god!
yanks and the expos
Haaaaayaaaaay!
It went down a lane and turned into a field...
A husband and wife are having a friendly debate one night, centered on the topic of who has better friends. They each offer a wide variety of anecdotes and stories, but in the end, they decide to put it to the test. "Here's what we'll do," the wife suggests. "I'll call your friends, and you call mine. We'll both pretend that the other person hasn't come home yet, and that we're worried. Whoever's friends give the best advice about where to find us clearly know us better, and therefore   better." The husband agrees to the game, and they both head off into separate rooms. When they reconvene a half an hour later, the husband looks defeated. "Well, honey," he says, "I think it's pretty clear that you have better friends. Every one of them listed each of your favorite restaurants, salons, shops, and art galleries, and they had phone numbers for each of them. They knew your work hours by heart, your office extension, your boss's name, and even the route that you take home." The wife shakes her head. "No, dear," she replies, "  have better friends." "Why do you say that?" asks the husband. "Well," the wife replies, "most of them said that you'd been at their place, and three of them said that you were still there."
Goose bumps
Because it was a fowl.
Batman can go to a store without robbin'.
The first grade 
Cigarettes don't scream when they're burning.
Cause my heart stops everytime I see you
It's the one who has knee pads on.
It's just nice having an extra set of hands around. 
One wags it's tail, while the other tags a whale
.....That's all he had.
Dr. Dre
A blood diamond... (doh!)
They got a head
You're-a-pee'n
She returned because all he ever did was split her in the middle for log(n) time.
Doughnuts
Give head to their mom
Countdown This was a joke I heard on TV some time ago ... Thought it was worth a share.
The shit reeeeeeally hit the fan
W
By the ears
He didn't have the guts for it.
Keep the tip.... Note: I have a hard time believing I'm the first person to think of this but I did think of it on my own, even if it has already been done.
He had a lot of cache.
Put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool.
Both are massive, have oil and have been invaded by the west.
The sociopath.
Because they're shellfish.
A Lift (only a joke, my American friends)
He's a small medium at large!
Neither. The rooster did. 
Iran.
Eau de Toilette! (eww, the toilet)
Centrifugal force scales with mass
He drank coffee before it was cool.
They haven't heard about it.
Black male
Sametime next month? I heard this jome a while back. Sorry if its a repost
One's a crusty bus station and one's a busty crustacean.
Spain - 8 Ethiopia - didn't
A pedi-file
Bison.
A hockey player will take a shower after three periods. 
Meh, it has its ups and downs 
A kid kat. (My 9 year old son made this up.)
Dr. Dre
A duck walks into a record store. He jumps up into the counter and asks the clerk "Got any gwapes?" The clerk, taken slightly aback by the taking duck, says "Uh, no, man, this is a record store. We don't sell grapes." The duck simply says "Ok," hops off the counter, and waddles out the door. The next day, the duck once again walks into the record store, hops up on the counter, and asks the clerk "Got any gwapes?" The clerk cocks his head and says "Uh, sorry dude. Like I said yesterday, it's a record store. No grapes." "Ok," says the duck happily. Before hopping down and waddling out of the store. The next day, the duck strolls casually into the store, hops up on the counter, and asks the clerk "Got any gwapes?" The clerk sighs loudly, frustrated. "Look man, I've told you three days in a row now. This is a record store! We don't sell fucking ' .' If you come in here one more time asking for grapes, I'm gonna nail your fucking feet to this counter!" The duck simply replies "Ok," before hopping down and waddling out the door. The next day, the duck walks into the store, hops up on the counter, and says to the clerk "Got any nails?" The clerk looks at the duck for a long time before saying "This is a record store, of course we don't have any nails." The duck says "Ok. Got any gwapes?"
The Crimea River
A prostitoot.
The spaghetto.
Cos' that ass is refreshing
It's called a strapadictomy
None. They're fine sucking each other's dicks in the dark. Preemptive edit: Not my joke.
the Sixth German Panzer Division
a giraffic jam!
Mom (about her son): Look at these marks Jim has scored... 8.. 10... 7..  Dad: Out of?  Mom: Out of pity!
Nothing.
Because we're beautiful and smell good!
A lady walks into a grocery store and goes to the produce isle. She frantically looks around for broccoli, but to no avail. She finds a stock employee, and goes to him and asks, "Do you have any broccoli? " the employee replies "sorry ma'am, I don't believe we do right now."  she accepts this and wanders through the store. A few mins later runs back to the same employee asking where the broccoli is. The stocker confused about her mental state simply tells her again that they are all out of broccoli.  The lady starting to get fed up, asks again angrily "Where the hell do you keep the broccoli, I need some broccoli right now!"  The employee starting to grasp the situation says "satisfy me with some answers and I will get you your broccoli from the back. " Ok with this the lady agrees and the man starts questioning.  "Spell cat for me, as in catastrophe " she says Ok, "C A T". "very good" the employee says, "now spell dog, as in dogmas. " she getting frustrated spells it correct. Now the employee finally asks "now spell for me, Fuck, as in broccoli. "  She replies "What?? There is no Fuck in Broccoli??? " to which the employee yells back "THATS WHAT IVE BEEN TRYING TO TELL YOU THE WHOLE TIME"  Enjoy :)
Only some people get it.
Because she can't drive for sh*t.
You stakeasaurus.
Me in my red and black rape cape.
R niggers 2 gay 4 u? How many jews can you fit in a volswagnon?  2 in the front,2 in the bak, and none in the ashtray because the holocaust didn't happen,
Judo know if I have a knife, Judo know if I got a gun.
What are some good jokes you know? I would prefer ones that aren't too raunchy. 
Punkin pie
Because there couldn’t be 2-liters.
Because they were neckromancers
It's riveting.
He brews it.
His car was always breaking down, so OP never delivered. 
It does not matter it will not come
He came and went. 
Cross country.
That rig a Tonys.
Deer nuts: they're under a buck.
Because the pilot kept ending sentences with a preposition, over.
Oh no Michelle !
He shit the sheriff (but he did not shit the deputy).
Gangrape.
Because climbing Mount Everest is no small feat
It didn't Fett.
Her shit is packed.
Because they can.  
Patrick Fitzgerald and Gerald Fitzpatrick.
Shut up. The movie is about to start.
Automating. 
Clawing at the inside of her coffin.
Why do we have to hang? Dick did the shooting!
Ground Beef.  What do you call a cow with two legs? Your mom
Malteasers
Whirled Peas
the taste.
keep the tip bitch.
Because they are really good at it.
Right where you left him. 
Nein.
A forced joke can still be somewhat humerous.
A basic bitch.
Because seven is a six offender.
A paragraph,  because he's too short to be an essay.
couldnt find 3 wise men and a virgin...
Neither did I.
Heil
A faux-cet.
They'll fucking tell you...
pizzas dont scream when they get put in the oven.
Raise a family.
aw shit imma fall again
They wanted to beat the crowd. 
To prove they can focus on two things at once. 
Tikka Malala
A prostitute.  Because a prostitute can always wash her crack and resell it.
He couldn't even.
A flat minor.
You fuck her.
It's a moot point!
They both pull strings for work. (Inspired by Bo Burnham, this popped into my head the other day) 
Britney Spears
It's just got such a great atmosphere.
She doesn't have a dick! I'm so, so sorry.
Fuck i'm broke.
Never mind, you wouldn't get it anyways 
Everybody loves Putin!
They are calling themselves the Italian ISIS.
Taste
Just ask someone not to smoke it next to you. 
Literally nothing, because nobody fucking ever answers their phone to begin with.
Beats me
IN PLANE SIGHT!
What happened to the cat when it ate a ball of wool? It had mittens
I want to see what the community can come up with.
You knock on the door. How do you sink the same sub again? You knock on the door and they'll come out saying "Haha! We're not falling for that one again!".
Framed
We would get paid every day, and all women would bleed to death.
Bisexual.

Ted can swim away from an accident.
A Man-in-a-tee.
Because everyone had equal rice. 
He sold his soul to Santa.
Ebola soup
I'm not sure if Kim Kardashian has actually managed to 'break the internet', but she's certainly put a big crack in it!
I hardly know her!
My balls!
Saint Christopher
He went out for the knight. OK I'll leave now
None. They can't get up that high! 
Because he always burns the franks
The same middle name.
With a pencil...
Depends
Because it's pointless.
A trophy wife beater.
I'm a Comedian           
None
got you
The satisfactory.
Kick his sister in the jaw
The BP station.
A lambo-greenie!
You're riding your horse along a narrow road and to your right there's a steep cliff. There's another rider to your left threatening to run you off the edge. You try to speed up but there's another rider in front of you, and when you look behind you a third rider is closing in as well. You're stuck in a harrowing high speed chase and must figure out how to escape quickly before your pursuers run you off the steep cliff to your death. So,  You get your drunk ass off the carousel you drunk piece of shit you're scaring the kids.
I mean a bacteria.Thank you ladies and germs.
It made him shit himself.
"We're both doctors"
Possible Transformers sequel.
whore d'oeuvres
Kermits finger...
I cunt hear you. Iv got an ear infucktion. Better assk again. 
A man was telling his neighbor, 'I just bought a new hearing aid. It cost me four thousand dollars, but it's state of the art. It's perfect.'  'Really,' answered the neighbor. 'What kind is it?'  'Twelve thirty.' 
The dog has cerebral pawlsy.
Great big holes all over australia
I can't find the twine.
Unzip your genes.
Beef strokin' off.
Oh, it has its up and downs...
Fire. 
I'll never part with this!
Go on ahead I'll give these two a lift
Doesn't matter. They'll just nerf darkness next patch instead.
Many are cold, but few are frozen.
The lesbian because they get off lickety-split, the guys have to stop and pack their shit.  Disclaimer: heard this when I was like 10, I am now 28. I hope this isn't a repost. 
Jesus already saved her for later.
Captain's log
a meowtain!
You can keep the tip.
The other half have BMW's.
It's testicle physics.
2820!!!!!!!!
You don't get laid after prunes  (Courtesy of my date last night after I asked her this question seriously)
Necrophiliacs
Gingerly.
A vagetarian.
a glycan
A tea rex.
A peel-estate business
because they take everything literally (p.s. you can steal this joke if you want)
When she fits in your wife's clothing.
Virgin Mobile
Crimea river! (I just came up with this shitty joke when I heard some guy on the news pronounce it cry-me-a, I always pronounce it as Crimea like crib. Sorry, I'll let myself out now)
You can't peanut butter your dick up someone's ass. 
Because he could nazi anyone. 
You butterfly!
She saw some off-nom telemetry.
Because he saw his gas bill
None. Because feminists can't change anything. 
"Thanks, I'll never part with it."
You can get your dog to come.
Giant fans.
My nose up your ass.
Ouch.
Because God couldn't find 3 wise men and a virgin.
It only takes one nail to hang the picture
One nightstand.
Christian Bale
Smiles... It has a mile between the two 'S's 
It put a ring on it.
Can I bayou a drink?
They just have a feel for that kind of thing.
No?    It takes place in Japan near the Toyota Headquarters.  He must save Toyota from poor builds, quality assurance and defective vehicles.   Arnold Schwarzenegger stars in...  'Toyota Recall'
Piece of cake.
He desperately needed Apu.
For identification.
Because seven was a registered six offender
One
Because no one wants to be the master beta tester.
"I literally chant even..."
This will hopefully be sfw but my have strong words.

Because they are screwing old women!
2 Chinz
Shooting the breeze. 
He'll tell you.
The pan... duh
Your place or mine
In large baskets balanced on top of their heads.
Kids say the darndest things.
Aye, Chi-Chi, Why?
Ya, so do I.
Pun intended.
Same time next month?
No one knows. No one ever watches the choir director.
They both call an 8-course meal a bite.
Whore-igami
He burned yews.
Was Rave'n

I'm fucking Hillary-ass (hilarious)
Let's get dirty.
Pennsylvania
Because he's married. 
I really like your logger rhythm! 
You break its spine.
he drank it before it was cool. 
He almost pulled it off.

He's a little off kilter. 
Vulvasoar
you burn the hell out of it........
Because no matter what card you cross, and how many, you're bound to start a fire.
Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless it's 20% off. Got this joke from   
Because he shits on it.
Mu.
You would be all right.
Because he heard it was the place to get toes.
An Addadicktome.
The general idea is that the end of each song is determined by a combination of the beginning of that song and the subsequent bars taken to reach the end. It's called 'al-gore-rhythm'. 
A Poorno.
Man have no chicken. All animals are die in famine. Man cross to look for potato. No potato.
Shaking Bad.

A stagnation
NEINNN!!
He was always out standing.
But I'm gayer and water resistant!
Wataaaaah!
Fall.
He started to lay them down when he realized it was fruit-tile.
Hair-vents.
Harry can survive the Chamber.
Bob.
One howls on the prairie; the other prowls on the hairy.
Because when she reaches 69, she gets a frog in her throat.
Shitty Christmas Jokes
Mooicide ...Okay, fine, I'll leave...
They keep blowing and blowing until they end up on a fence in Wyoming.
Purrgatory
A napkin.
It's a shame really. He was a damn good vet. 
Vladislov, baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more... I'm sorry..
Northern fairy tails start with, "Once upon a time," and Southern fairy tales start with "Ya'll ain't gonna believe this shit."
Social net twerking
Spatula.
A little plaque.
Carlos
In a Christian calling Scientology crazy?
He wiped his butt
A Woman
You have to sit in the back of the oven.
He died at such a Jung age.
How you been?
He's a bird of pray.
Duck.
Because they're already used to being whipped.
Its a joke lady's.
It has huge balls on it. Credit goes to the 70 year old man who just came into my work and made my day.
Because TWO rhymes with POO

Neither—they prefer boysenberries.
Just one if it's Professor X.
New Jersey got to choose first
Little ceasars!!! (Scissors)
An irrelephant.
I clicked not now, because I thought it was some kind of virus.
A dilldoe.
Edible gold.
Okay, honestly, it's because they're both catastrophically terrible flavors of icecream I invented and keep trying again thinking they'll get better but each time it's like WOW, NOPE.
Turns out, he lost his sense of porpoise. 
"Meet Patty"
Bean dip.
Polaroids.
Crystal balls deep made this up.
They'll get chapped lips!
to the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump.
A space bar.
Artifical Swedeners
A nub scout. 
I'd give a shit if I lost 6 million dollars.
200 people died.
Christian Bale
1. Is yo momma a bread saleslady? No, why you ask?  Cause this morning she was leanin' out the window yelling "Pumpanickel, Pumpanickel". 2. Do you have a brother named Humphrey? No, why you ask? Cause this mornin yo momma was leanin' out the window yelling "Hump freee, Hump free".
The holocaust
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
Give the bitch a shovel
She had no arms. Knock knock. Who's there? Not Sally.
Because they cantaloupe
He started with 2 million.
A right a right a right
Someone that didn't take it out in time.
Continental breakfast, served on tectonic plates.
They don't they have "bare" feet.
Edgar Allen's......bitches!!!
Fucked
Because their lips have so many chaps on them!
He only comes once a year.
Elevenis
Beer nuts are a dollar twenty five, deer nuts are under a buck
A baby in two dumpsters.
The groundhog. 
Gang rape

He was a Wise© Potato Chip.
Cause Jewish women won't take anything unless its 10% off.
Her miscarriage.
A mootation 
don't ask me!
Referring to the wedding-night of a marriage between a (much) older woman and a (much) younger man, Belle Barth said: She's screaming "It hurts, it hurts"  and he's holding on to the bedposts to keep from falling in ... Now I ask you -  do you agree that the actual rhythm of that one-liner is very close to the kinds of rhythms that Joan Rivers used in hers? If so, can you think of one-liners you've heard that have the same basic rhythm? I think maybe we need a dissertation on this topic from some PhD candidate somewhere
She came back with a red snapper.
He saw the gas bill.
You have to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it.
Woman's rights. Sorry for the sexism here, but i saw this and laughed my head clean off
Error 404 joke not found.
Yet again, I am very sorry.
I'll show meself out.
Because his dick was in the chicken! 
A pedrophile
They both get red rings when they're fucked.
with a blender. how do you get them out? with a straw.
A nice tight seal
Because I put on the wrong sock this morning...
To get to the parking lot.
Dickbutt

Because everywhere he went, he was Ronin! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! I'll see myself out...
The cops finally nailed him.
Its hips.
The good ones are hard to put down
You make me Sikh!
Omhmeo and Jouleiet
Herr Doctor.
You can keep the tip
It takes four years to get an election.
In the blood bank. And why did he like to deposit his savings there? Because everyone there helped increase his savings.
In the bloodstream.
They both take their sweet time before the second coming. 
One is fun to smash, the other is delicious. 
Nothing. You already told her twice.
At least with Parkinson's you have half a pint.
I dunno, you'll have to Ashkenazi
They're both wondering where their ninjas are at.
Roberto 
... he worked it out with a pencil.
It was race related
They can both smell it but they can't eat it.
Trycoxide is showing staggering results!
Oh honey, I'm not worried about a little thing like that!
Fincest. (This joke is shitty, I know, but I couldn't resist posting it.)
polar-oids
An innertube.
Nananananananananana BATMAN!
A-flat minor.
It hasn't come out yet.
"OH  NO  !"
They're both tight in the temples.
Or what I like to call breakfast in bed.
You can see right through them.
He felt his presents…
They hog the Schwing set.
Wait.
Digits...
Because we shot the only one who had a dream. 
They both gotta go fast.
Apparently not three because my basement is still dark.
An Epoch fail!
With Don-keys.
Weirdo!
Is it getting hot in here or is it just me?
'cause if they fell forward, they'd still be in the Fuckin' boat! I'll show myself out.
He was the first black man to admit he is the father.
You couldn't, your balls would be in your eyes. (thanks to my 11th grade math teacher for this joke, I've been telling it for 17 years)
Tailor Swift
The one who can bring his friends two cups of coffee and a dozen donuts. 
It only takes one, but we weren't able to get the work done in 1 term because we inherited a really bad situation from the prior administration.
If you get it from someone in a Chuck E. Cheese's it's never very good. 
It's hard to drive when you're patting yourself on the back all the time. 
Because the last one that stepped into a shower got bad gas. 
Hi starving!  I'm dad!
Because it had a bad conductor.
The state of alert in the White House rises to Defecate 2. 
Because their pinkie is out
It's where you say one thing and fuck your mother.
A cheeky bastard.
It's so if their boat sinks they can walk to shore.
...hold on, it's coming. 
It was a Freudian slip
He had no porpoise in life.
Two. Obviously.
Dip your anus in nutella. Hahahahaha :')   
Jewshi
Because it hides their teeth.
Who cares
It eats shoots and leaves. 
Fish 
Don't you worry don't you worry child,  Seahaven's got a plan for you
So they can reach their head!
A tissue
He didn't have any body to go with him.
Dr. Dre
DATERADE
The Wheelchair
"Don't look. I'm dressing."
Their last names.
Cause she's a woman.
He was a baroque ass'  negro
"Ve have Vays of making you tock!"
He kneaded a poo.
Because I think I need more of U! Edit 1: Also sorry for the bad grammar in the title sadly I cannot change it...
Because they sing hymns, not hers.
None, because feminists cant change anything.
You probably won't get it.
They already know everything.
Don't know, the pope hasn't said yet.  How many Lutherans does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, Lutherans don't change.
Ebola cereal!
"To the Batmobile!"
A Robin Williams.
A pilot you racist!
Because yoda best thing I've seen all day
Gold Scars. I'll see myself out.
Flatbush. 
GingINVITEus in!
Ebola cereal! 
It's pretty good, but it's pray2win.
About 8 inches.
Very pleasurable.
Snow balls.
Dyslexia.
Because I put the D in raw
Sir Veza
Because when you're a carpenter in the desert you can't get wood.
I can't go deep in juice.
Neither exist.
It's a pretty obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
Two Kwanzaas 
The Sirens of the Rams.
Mousechwitz
Because they always steal the green cards....
so black kids can make a mess too...
He had some outstanding warrants. 
Color coded: "Yellow in front, brown in the back"
Family practice 
Age
(read aloud) One is six months of hell with a team of your closest brothers, getting screamed at, and pushing your body to its absolute limits. The other is just fucking intense.
He farts.
A maize runner. Credit goes to my girlfriend.
I've got two round the house going cheep!  
Cannelonely!
Boobies
I need a clean, funny and long joke that lasts for around 2 minutes. Thanks reddit!
You can smell the weed from across the room.
A box.
Dead-ant, dead-ant, dead-antdead-antdead-ant
Because he was a   
Little Ceasars
Cos(play)
A dead baby in two garbage bags.
A Hippie-crite.
When she fits into your wifes clothes
Sure, Bert!
She starts fitting in your wife's clothes...
HAAAANNNNNNNDDDDDDDDD EYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!
A baked potato. 
Manipulatives.  god i'm so lonely
Dome Chrome.
A Pimp
Christopher Walken
A carrot!
Turned into a field.
he drank his coffee before it was cool
A crustacean :D :D
Saturday
On the couch!
No?  I'm not surprised; it was a complete flop.  Nobody came. 
Throw him a basketball
Because it saw the salad dressing!
WHO IS JACK SCHITT? For some time many of us have wondered just who is Jack Schitt? We find ourselves at a loss when someone says, 'You don't know Jack Schitt!' Well, thanks to my genealogy efforts, you can now respond in an intellectual way. Jack Schitt is the only son of Awe Schitt. Awe Schitt, the fertilizer magnate, married O. Schitt, the owner of Needeep N. Schitt, Inc. They had one son, Jack. In turn, Jack Schitt married Noe Schitt. The deeply religious couple produced six children: Holie Schitt, Giva Schitt, Fulla Schitt, Bull Schitt, and the twins Deep Schitt and Dip Schitt. Against her parents' objections, Deep Schitt married Dumb Schitt, a high school dropout. After being married 15 years, Jack and Noe Schitt divorced. Noe Schitt later married Ted Sherlock, and because her kids were living with them, she wanted to keep her previous name. She was then known as Noe Schitt-Sherlock. Meanwhile, Dip Schitt married Loda Schitt, and they produced a son with a rather nervous disposition named Chicken Schitt. Two of the other six children, Fulla Schitt and Giva Schitt, were inseparable throughout childhood and subsequently married the Happens brothers in a dual ceremony. The wedding announcement in the newspaper announced the Schitt-Happens nuptials. The Schitt-Happens children were Dawg, Byrd, and Horse. Bull Schitt, the prodigal son, left home to tour the world. He recently returned from Italy with his new Italian bride, Pisa Schitt. Now when someone says, 'You don't know Jack Schitt,' you can correct them. Sincerely, Crock O. Schitt 
A:I don't know,Alaska guy and tell you
Because it can't be taken on empty stomach
What do you call a donkey with three legs?? A wonkey!!
Cuz they're yammy!!!
My ass.
It can be a very Hubble-ing experience. These jokes may not be funny for you, but they are Fermi.
78.5
At womb temperature!
Because diamonds are a woman's best friend.
To protect the sanctity of the word "partner." [I thought this one up with my mom the other day.  Please help me refine it into something tell-able!]
bassturd
Cause he has a Halloweenie
I can't even
Terri-fried!
Because he has a hollow-weenie
Because he was pain in the neck!
I dunno, a Grover something.
A rip-off.
Because you can put it in someones drink 
Get dressed a doctor is taking us out to night.
They both live on Uranus
An issue of 
Because they're less bloody.
The domesticated doesnt have balls
Because warlocks have hollow weenies!
Because they have Halloweenies
'cause she's a woman!
In case he got a hole in one.
Nothing, they just waved..
2 Grainz
The crayon is non-toxic!
SNOWBALLS!!!!
It's fucking in tents!
I was in middle school and can't remember it completely. 
splurge
Apparently he was pretty Exhausted....  <.<      .>.>      I'll show myself out -.-
It went fucking horribly.
I wouldn't pay $100 to have a kidney bean on my face.
A dictator.
To get to the other side.
1 bear.
So my mom is getting married tomorrow! The theme is Halloween and all the guests are dressing up. How cool is that!? I am looking to add some jokes to my speech. Reddit always comes through for me, I have faith! I want to start my speech thanking everyone for attending and make some joke referring to how everyone looks or about a Halloween wedding in general. Ideas? I also want to end my speech by welcoming my mother's new husband to the family and making another joke about him entering our family or any joke to close my speech. If it helps the bride and the groom are not necessarily dressing up, just no the typical white dress and what not. I am dressing up as a pirate though. So I guess pirate jokes are welcome. Thanks guys!
Because they can't even. Huh huh?
It's all about the execution
Little Caesers
Wom
Cause then there would be a hole in one!
Because he wanted his dishwasher to match the fridge and stove
he's a brave sucker....
Cause they have lots of secs with lots of min.
a sweater and a dildo...  if she doesnt like the sweater, she can go fuck herself
Jew Jitsu. 
THEY ARE NOT!
I dunno, but you should see that son of a bitch hang dry wall.
It was soda pressing.
Scream and scratch at the top of his coffin.
You eat what you can, and you can, what you can't.
He was sick of the hormones! (whore-moans)
It was a Cessna 2 seater, crashed into a graveyard, the body count is up to 453 and they are still finding more. 
Send it a byte. Kind of lame but I couldn't help myself.


Because they dominate the gas industry
To get to the body shop.
He had locomotives
What did they chicken say to his friends after being sent to the hospital after failing to cross the road ?.  Don't worry ill get over it.
No shit, Sherlock. 
you wont get it
You flipper!
One goes...     ..."Dang it!"     And the other goes...     "Dang it!"...
The guards thought he was a drug mule.
One in the driver's seat, one in the passenger, three in the back, and the rest in the ash tray.
You'll probably get it this time, i promise! So I recently started spamming Nigerian e-mail adresses with the following; "Have 50 boxes of ZMapp experimental Ebola vaccine. Need to send to you. Please send deeds and all legal documents for your property to me so I know where to send them. All the best ZMapp Distribution Services" Jokes on you this time suckers!
You mean bitch mints?
Because pterodactyls are extinct.
Ebola cereal.  Note: Got it from my stepbrother who has his moments. 
Gsus
It takes a lot more than a hammer to make the IRS shut up.
It scares the hell out of the dog.
The meth head still has teeth.
FLY, YOU FOOLS!
He just made it across and his buddy was like BAACk BAACK.
To get to the other slide.  Edit: spelling.
Green paint.
Astronuts!
Ooh, "Stood" for is probably not the best word to use there.  On the bright side, no one in a wheelchair has ever walked out when I told that joke.
Ultamate frisbee badger!
Cuz no one wants to say they're giving a shit.
Jill tells her husband, "Jack, that young couple that just moved in next door seem such a loving twosome. Every morning, when he leaves the house, he kisses her goodbye, and every evening when he comes homes, he brings her a dozen roses.  Now, why can't you do that?"  "Gosh," Jack says, "why I hardly know the girl." 
Suck it off
Cos iv never heard of an airplane reverse into a mountain... ill help myself out...
Snow-balls.
He let God take the wheel Edit:   He let   take the wheel
A Juand
I like to slip one in every now and again.
BYE PLANE
Pier pressure
I'm glad you all came!
They had a firey start, then a major break up.  
Hit that faggot with your car.
D-flat
Not infected.
Because they're 
This is a joke I came up with. Q: How many religious people does it take to change a light bulb? A: There's no need to change it when you can easily convince everyone that it still works, but they've gone blind.
Because blonde guys aren't that smart either
Pacific Rim Job.
A repli-can't!
Both have curds in their whey. -Credit goes to my professor
care
Hazardous doodie pay!
She had a massive anus rhythm. 
Because Ken came in another box
He was snowed in
A meanderthal.
You're out of shape.
How the hell is ajar supposed to work with this?  Adoor and ajar?  'Cuse me?
On Tinder.
E - Bola Soup
Sets education. 
A haunting license 
Numbers that can't be divided by two.
It's pump-ken time
Because he "pulled a few strings"!
All of those guys already have boyfriends.
A bundt cake!
Scone.
Because they're so...viet.

innit.
Because he had sithilis.
Lance Armstrong can finish a race!
A small medium at large
A snow blower 
Euthanasia.
If the sex stays the same but the dishes pile up.
Depends.
He contracted chirpes. And the worst thing? It was untweetable.
Bambooze
When they find the position, they don't have the momentum. When they have the momentum, they can't find the position.
You put it in a pot and boil the fuck out of it.
Two turds with one bone
Seems that way on 4chan.
A Yarrrrrrrrris. 
1forrest1
One is a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean
Neither of them can be used as functional tables. 
Cracktose Intolerant 
Because she flirted with the road's husband.
A small medium at large
Kermit the Frog's fingers.
A small medium at large.
He didn't want to get hearing aids.
A small medium at large.
A Pirate  (A mix between Pirate and Irate)

On the rocks
Mein Kampfy chair.
Because you only get out what you pudding.
Two.  Libya's to start the race, and France's to signal there's one lap to go.
A small medium at large. (One of my sister's favourites)
Nine months later.
"No whey."
The headline said "Small Medium at Large"
Slim to nun.
He heard that beauty was in the eyes of the bee holder.
well, too bad. I can't talk to you over the internet. Stupid.
Depends how hard you throw them.
Penot More
Because the have a lot of pigments.
It was a small medium at large.
When your balls are slapping her butthole you know you are in definitely. 
A Bloodhound.
There are twenty of them.
The grip
You tape bread to the ceiling.
A four chin teller.
The dentist pulls it out when it hurts.
Goodandtight

because Jewish women won't accept anything unless it has at least 20% off.
Keep the tip!
Because he's low key.
It's not like the flowers ever consented.
Tentickles
you don't call them she, and they're not male
Mom: No, you have to flush it like everyone else.
A pizza can feed a family.
Jack Daniels is still killing Indians.
Jose (hoes eh?)
Count Snatchula
Fillipe F'Lop
M80
He was to far outtttttttttt........ Ha weeeeeeed.
You can sleep with a light on.
E Bol A Cereal
They say ebola perfect game.
Batman can walk into a store without Robin.
...Because if they fell forwards they'd fall back into the boat.
They might Pikachu.
The dress code was causal.
A mosqueito. 
9/11 victims.  They went through 87 stories in 11 seconds.
On less person is drunk
He took a sip of his coffee before it was cool. 
The Wurst.
Numbers not divisble by 2
Paddy Hor D'oeuvre
I don't have a Ferrari in my garage
The man on the moon? Santa Claus? Or an honest Lawyer? Yes you got it Santa. The other two are figments of the imagination.
Dont leave me hangin' bro
All of them
B-negative.
There isn't one...
High Steaks
Because he couldn't handle his roast
Because they're always footing the bill.
A good thing ruined by a period.
A microwave doesn't brown your meat. Courtesy of Chuck Palahnuik at his reading for 'Beautiful You' in Phoenix last night.
His old one wouldn't let him swab her poop deck.
Irene 
Because seven is a registered six offender. 
Lmao
Nip Tuck
She gagged.
15 lbs and a flannel shirt.  
Breaking it to your parents that you're gay.
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!
Toys arrrrrr Us.
A pizza can actually feed a family of four.
A paragraph because he's too short to be an essay!
Because they are ugly and they stink
DUNG
A parabola.
Seppooku.
Old bae.
...
None, on a sunny day their light comes from the glass ceiling. edit; missing words
Beat-root
Because they both "practice" their professions.
A pie shart.
Fish and Ships. 
A Transformer! (Literally my favourite joke of all time.)
Stephen Hawking after a house fire.
No one has ever paid to have a green bean on their chest
it hasn't come out yet.
Because he went ice skating before it was cool. 
Bison
How do you find Will Smith in a snow storm? You look for fresh prints.
it lifts their spirits
Eucaliftus
You're a day late and a dolla short!
It was a wopping dose.
Mourning wood! :)
Potato
Mount Rushmore
Because it's baked in an oven...
34.5ing 
 Neil deGrasse cause he will grass on you!
I just got laid by a chick, its gonna take me a while to get hard.
Well, he gets out of jail next month. 
A flat major.
Y'know, with that whole "turn the other cheek" thing?
With a broom and dust pan.
A karaoke!
So one year, Santa was having a bad time of it.  The reindeer were threatening a strike, the elves had to recall 30% of their toys due to manufacturing defects, all in all, just a frustrating time. So Santa stood up and made a very LOUD announcement.   "I am going to my study.  I'm taking my boots off, having a cup of hot cider, and am going to read a good book.  I want. to. finish. my. book." About 5 minutes later, he hears a knock on the the door to his study.  In a fury, he slams down his book, stomps over to the door, flings it open, and says "And just what do YOU want?" An angel is standing there with a pine tree.  "Where would you like me to put the christmas tree?"
A TIMBERwolf
The rock is kyptonite and the man is superman.
There was a teenager hanging pumpkins on a rope off of the overpass as a prank. When a car would drive by, he would yank it up quickly, scaring the driver and causing accidents. Well, a semi truck came by when he wasn't paying attention and got a hold of the pumpkin. In turn, it tore his arm off. The cops were called, and they assessed the situation. They decided the truck driver should be charged with armed robbery.
Because they'll be sexy(6c) and a success(6s)
It is now just White
"You don't have the   to do it!"
For HOMO-cide. 
Take a step back.
Two, but I've no idea how they got in there!
A delivery.
(It's a dead giveaway)
to get to the other side
Nothing. Neither can climb out of a bathtub. 
They ate their dinner before it was cool.
Cuz they always stick it to the man!
They both like Clinton-Dix
"I'm stumped."
Because it went straight pasta.
He was double-hung. 
As soon as I put money on them, they suck. 
You'll usually get more money for them if you sell them for parts 
Laura C-Chord.
Cut the rope imsosorry:(
He tried to drink tea before it was cool.
I'm having naan of it.
A master debater.
They don't say please when I'm paying. They say, "That'll be $5". I should be able to say, "That'll be a sandwich."
A woman has no use  for a 3 1/2" inch floppy.
"rawmen"
Listening  .
Christian Bale.
Black and Yellow
A bannister always pays his deafs.
I dont know...
When you slap a mosquito it stops sucking.
The Papal bull.
He was stoned
"automobile"
A slut fucks everyone... A bitch fucks everyone but YOU. 
A big Miss Steak.
Because 7 8 9
Two Jews fighting over a penny.
A joke about what kind of dough does an italian use to make seb bread, with really good delivery.
Dr. Dre.
At least Ebola will finish me off
When the workers of the world united, they all got an equal part in her.
Rekt-javík
to get is quarterback.
(my girlfriend who's a high school teacher heard this from a student the other day)  Q: What do you call a cow with 3 legs? A: Lean Beef Q: What do you call a cow with no legs? A: Ground Beef Q: What do you call a cow with 2 legs? A: Your mom
This guy
A male patient is lying in bed in the hospital, wearing an oxygen mask over his mouth and nose. A young student nurse appears to give him a partial sponge bath. "Nurse" he mumbles from behind the mask, "are my testicles black?" Embarrassed, the young nurse replies, "I don’t know, Sir. I’m only here to wash your upper body and feet." He struggles to ask again, "Nurse, please check. Are my testicles black?" Concerned that he might elevate his blood pressure and heart rate from worrying about his testicles, she overcomes her embarrassment and pulls back the covers. She raises his gown, holds his manhood in one hand and his testicles in the other.. Then, she takes a close look and says, "there’s nothing wrong with them, Sir. They look fine." The man slowly pulls off his oxygen mask, smiles at her, and says very slowly, "Thank you very much. That was wonderful – but please listen very, very closely to me: ‘Are – my – test – results – back?"
A threesome.
With Avocado's Constant.
Too much Stalin'. Yeah it's bad but it made me giggle when I thought of it... :P
It's odd they couldn't see the issue with all those UTI's
I don't know go ask your mom. 
Serpants. 
What is it called when a turtle is mentally retarded?  Reptile disfunction. . 
The Bald Eagle..... I'm here all day folks
A medium medium on the median.
He swallowed all of the seamen.
They amputated the wrong one. Now they're both in a wheelchair.
A cup of Joe.
To go look for his flatmate.
Is it just me, or is this room getting really hot??
He can't go to the bathroom at all. It's called Mission Impissable.
It's a baby only army.  The infant-ry.
A baked potato
With lots of hops!
They even run on thyme!
You don't know? That's right, you   know, because you weren't there, man!
69 interrupted by a period.
Where's my tractor?
Because they're all pointless
Trick question.  There are no roads in Africa.
Some obscure number that you'll never understand.
With a crowbar.
He got eballa
Ground Beef. What do you call a cow with three legs? Lean Beef. What do you call a cow with two legs? YOUR MOMMA!
Bloody hell
Because they like to push two twins together to make a king. (Game of Thrones ref)
Denim denim denim
A stick.           
The tragedy of Canada is that we could have had English culture, French cuisine, and American technology. Instead we have American culture, English cuisine, and French technology.
A small medium at large
Tentickles!
Red Red Wine!
One baby nailed to 7 trees:) 
Because she likes to eat out!
DUUUUNNNGGGGGG
They don't like fastfood
I guess you would call it a high-class conversation.
Osama-Been-Loggin'
Only one, but first the lightbulb must decide to change itself.
They're both pretending that they're enjoying it.
I heard it went viral.
Because his nuts were in his neck!
Cutting-edge technology
"That was very amoosing"
Gagged.
Because their pecker is on their face.. Thank you, good night!
You have to start from scratch.
Make it grain.
Only vegetables. 
A negromancer.
Bob's Burgers
I was at an event the other day and someone asked "So... anyone know any jokes?"  What's everyone's "go to" joke in social situations? 
Her given name was Lorena Cutyourcockoff.
We're on our sixth.
He looks at   shoes when he's talking to you.
I'll be Bach. 
He's a Sea-Monkee.
Pump Kin
Because it overswept.
Shoot one of them.
Because it didn't plan it.
He was out-standing in his field.
"It's going to take me a while to get hard, I just got laid this morning."
The rest of her is cold too.
Well standard procedure is to jump 50 feet and spread over a wide area.
I'll start 'What business are you in?' 'I'm in the Necrophiliac business.' 'How is it?' 'Fucking dead.' 'What business are you in?' 'I'm in the Parkinson's business.' 'How is it?' 'Bit shaky at the moment.' A game we played as 13 year olds. Plenty more in the tank
A depressed onion cutting itself.
No? Well, if you do go there I don't suggest getting the bible sandwich. They really try to shove it down your throat.
You probably won't get it. 
Galapaghost Islands.
In pumpkin carving, one is trying to get all of the seeds out.
 
A new last name!
Because to get him you have to rig-a-tony..
What did the french chef say when the cheese factory exploded? Looks like we have debris all over the place
Because she was a quack.
There's 20 of them.
Beret White
The Ebola gay
Because two heads are better than one. 
Tits for Tats
Brown chicken, Brown cow!
None. 
... BECAUSE THEIR SO VIET :3
Because he was out standing in his field
One to read, one to write, and one to keep an eye on the two intellectuals.
Eight something. Get it?
Quack.
A sadist is honest about his intentions. That probably wasn't funny, but what do I know?
He had no prior convictions.
Michelle must have called the bank and told them she was tired of her husband always "going Dutch."
A calendar has dates...
Ebola oatmeal...
Oui.   Courtesy of Stewart Francis.
so his friends could stop by for a cold one...
So gnar
The stern 
Durian durian! im sorry
For the boos.
Nothing, the pee is silent
He's with the angel hair now.
It cums in the male
an apple a day keeps the doctor away
Kit-tea
No strings attached
To get to the other side...
I don't know, I guess she really had him pegged.
What's a movie?
The Magic Flute in A Minor
The only thing he served for breakfast was concentrated juice.
After upgrading to iOS8, I pressed the power button of my iPhone 4S to turn on the screen, and then pressed the home button. It TOOK A SCREENSHOT...orz
They get a fangover.
Allahsaurus! 
I originally heard this joke in Spanish so here's my best shot at translating it: 4 men were walking in a forbidden forest when they found delicious fruit that belonged to a notorious group of savages. The savages found them eating their fruit and decided to punish them. The leader of the savages was a clever man so he smiled and told the men to pick out any fruit they wanted and that they could have it as long as they left the forest. t. Excited, the men picked out their favorite fruits ready to eat them.  Suddenly the leader said to each of them, "Now, if you can stick 100 of them all up your asshole without making a noise, we will let you go. If you don't, we will kill you."  The first man went and he had chosen raspberries but after the 15th, he cried out in pain and they killed him. The next man went and he chose strawberries and after the 25th one he cried out and was killed. The third man was up and he had chosen grapes. He had gotten up to 99th when he burst out in laughter.  Astounded, the leader asked "Why did you laugh? You were one grape away from living another day! Why??"  The man replied, "The other guy chose the watermelons!"
Yeah, they don't know how it got up there considering there are no trees there.
A man walks up to a woman at a bar and asks "Would you have sex with me for a million dollars?" She replies "Well, that is a lot of money, ok." He then asks "Well then, will you do it for 10 dollars?" She replies " Of course not, what do you think I am a whore?" He says "I've already established that, at this point we're simply negotiating." 
They fight back.
because he was in the coo klux klan
He pissed off.
nobody ever compliments our back end  :(  
He sold his soul to Santa.
Beastiality. 
A sunken chest with no booty. 
The whiskey usually doesn't get drunk until it's at least ten years old.
One has a d where the other doesn't.  
It is because pro-choice people kill babies. And murder is a sin. And people who commit sins go to heck. The joke is people call themselves pro-choice and want to be considered 'good' people.
The Polka Mon
About 2-3 inches.
He had a fear of commitment 
Eruptile dysfunction.
A sports brah
"Yes" :p Or also "Yes she is" (yes cheese) Just made it up, I can't stop laughing, thought I'd share...
A jerkin Turkin 
It’s the old meth math moth myth.
He came out of nowhere.
50 pounds and a flannel.
Because the lights in his house were contolled by a switch 
You can reach around the front and you think you went all the way through.
He was caught playing in A minor.
They both like to come down your shoot. 
Her vagina...
Snow White's cherry
If you beat your fish, it will die.
You kill it.
Nothing. They're both stuck up bitches.
About tennish.
Your mom
I don't know, but it's definitely not z's!!!
Goldman Sachs
Arapahoe.

IHOP 
Because he couldn't control his pupils.
Because the citizens of Gotham aren't morons, like those idiots over in Metropolis
Man.
You should probably go on a diet. 
They're both purple, except bunnies...bunnies aren't purple :/
Daniel Morcombe
Fiction.
When there's change in the weather.
They're fun to play with but I wouldn't want to take one home
I guess its jusht me, myshelf, and I tonight. 
An ill-eagle
Park your car man :) - Classic!
Date Simon Cowell.
Fbola.
No seriously, I've got $100 riding on this.
AT & AT.
Batman.
Ebola soup!
The Necronomnomnomicon.
To find a tight seal
a beaver cleaver
A nun with a spear through her head.
The yellow man lives in the yellow house. The purple man lives in the purple house. The red man in the red house. And the blue man in the blue house. So who lives in the White House? The black man. It's better in person, I'm so sorry.
A referee
Arkansas
When you wake up in the morning with an erection so stiff, that when you bend it down to take a leak, your legs kick back and you hit your head on the toilet.
Virgin Mobile!  XD
Too Mennonite.
 lololololololol--   --lololololol
Because he kneeded a poo!
Don't worry, they'll tell you.
Because it had pork sausage toppings.
One's a sick dick, and I can't remember how it ends, but your mother is a whore. -SNL reruns-
Fuck I hate writing thank you cards...
The punch line. 
To the Dock
No, he was moving at the time.
The one on the range.
have you ever experienced that moment when you see that girl that makes your world turn upside down.  The way she moves to do the simplest of tasks.  You can tell that her lips are nice and soft. Nothing would make you happier than being with her forever.  Then you make eye contact and you say, "Ow, my eye."
They used the foreskin from the circumcision to make them. I guess you could say he was a little cockeyed.
How did you get their tiny legs apart?
Barium
his pants fit like a glove.
One's a fat, ugly, disturbing waste of money. The other's married to a bearded lady.
It's been reigning cats and dogs ever since
Lager-heads at loggerheads about Loggerheads.
He went to town and found another feller.
A three-legged lady
Because they're filled with iraqi semen
Love of the Halflings' queef. 
Pizza because it can be slipped under the door. 
A condom
Because they're full of Arab semen.
one.. one stone. 
Because Windows 7 8 9! 
Slow down and use Lubricant.
BETTER TO RUN THAN CURSE THE ROAD
Psi...
My wife is pissed off with me again. Last night, whilst she was fast asleep, I gently removed her tampon and replaced it with a party popper leaving the string hanging out. I'm telling you, that woman has got no sense of humour at all..! 
None, they just all stand around complaining that it won't screw!
Because he couldn't race anymore!
A buttload.
He has loco motives.
. . You gotta sit in the back of the oven
Don't worry, they'll tell you.

10 E's
A PDF file.
Because they're all Targets. 
Unique up on it. 
Tibet. 
Well that got a load off my mind.
A lickalotopuss
With Nazi's
An Ethiopian person who has been hoarding for several years now.
A two-torial!
To get to the shell station on the other side! 
You start as a billionaire 
Slap an African child in the face.
A broken nose.
Eventually he pulled it off!
Never mind, I forgot.
Graaaains! GRAAAAINS! [Also, I like to think it's zombie cows who are keeping the grass so nicely trimmed in The Walking Dead universe]
I nominate Chris Rock's Never Scared.
Because he was stuffed!
Abola chicken noodle soup!
No eyed deer. What do you call a dead, blind deer? Still no eyed deer.
They eat lox!
...He got in a flap.
One is a brainless, dirty, slow moving abomination, and the other is a zombie.
He was just being tempuramental.
So far, nothing.
a meat-up
Acne waits until a boy is at least 14 before coming on his face.
Rubbit!
McRibbed
Because he was too far out
Obviously more than 8, because my basement is still dark.
The P is silent
They Catholick it.
C, eh, N, eh, D, eh
Traaaains.
He joined the Marine Corpse. 
Pornithography.
The execution.
He got a woodpecker. 
Hey baby, what's ursine?
That guy.
He He He
Their Master's. 
A Tomato (because he's both a fruit AND a vegetable) 
Lettuce pray. 
Captain Crunch 
I don't know man, I just fly the drone
Bola
Because he was Saulty. I'll
Ground beef. 
North West. 
Waiting for it to dry so you can glue it to your sex doll
It was the best of Grimes...
Gravy 
She grew out of her b-shells.
 Queso!
Lawsuits
Ugly.
Because that sort of information is on a knead to know basis. 
Fore-play
Shneakoff ( I apologise, this is my first ever post so I'm using that as my excuse)
Boo!
The retail store! 

it was a naan issue sorry
Acidic. [My apologies]
Scrambled egg
Cancer

The prostitute, because they just wash their crack and sell it again.
A: God doesn't think   an electrician.
You never see them coming.
Task Oriental.
Uncles.
they come from edamames
A: Gravity. It's always bringing me down.
She goes home
Pound an alarm
She didn't, it was just an Aleutian.
They were intense.
Stand up and I'll push your stool in. Yeah it's gross.
Ask them to pronounce the word, "unionized".
Parti-san 
I pushed her.
They can't find the key and don't know when to come in.
It was a Good Year... 
Because she used the other to sing
Motherfucker 
Because you're 10/10
Because seven just came back from a trip to West Africa.
Bison
One tooth
Because she's dead. 
Somebody threw a bone very far and Hulk yelled "HULK GET IT!  HEY WAIT." 
"Who the hell ordered a new roof?"
Fuck off
Cause you're a 10/10
Rolls Rice
Because if it had four it would be a sedan.
Because you're 10/10.
ASK YOUR MA!
Substrate.
The latter is a group of cunning runts.
A brunette with bad breath.

the hunter shoots but can't hit... 
She kept on sitting on Pinocchio's face yelling "Lie to me... lie to me!"
It was in tents. 
Respiridol
They involve assault.
His shunglasshesh
The Road of Bones
Eamon
Because they fall through the holes in his hands.
so she could moan with the other...
1forrest1
A frog in my blender
Quarter Pound Town.
Because he had nein lives!
You do? Good. Cause I am gonna be draggin' my balls across your face. Someone at work told me this and I couldn't stop laughing.
He never charged for his services, but he always kept the tips.
Give her a basketball and tell her to read it.
Pump Kin
A Hallowiener.
impasta.
A Brick.
Your credit card.
Apparently he Adolf Hitler.
They're both crushed-asians
They found his head and shoulders on the dash.
Yeah, I didn't think so.
How do you fit 20 Cubans in a shoebox? Tell them it floats!
The breast stroke
She had not arms.
Because he abused when he was younger.. it's really quite sad.
The prostitute fucks between shits and the oyster fisherman shucks between fits. 

Terrorists have sympathizers.
Satyre.
Because he blueberry.
It was Chewy
....a yaybor.
The Incredible Sulk!
A tomato in an elevator.
One of his fingers is clean
It's not hard.
Hue hue hue
Two. But only for procreation. 
It's "to whom."
He had to roll with it...
Both of their biggest hits were the wall. 
Someone spilled wine (bolla) on his ELECTRONIC. (E)phones.
One. Unless it's a black bulb then he calls for backup.
Prism
Because his life had no porpoise
Beef strokin-off. 
He was in denial
Two had a stroke and one couldn't reach.
Alphabreadically!
A monkey. What key opens a carrot? A donkey.
One is a Dan-hating Mike. The other is a man-hating dyke. edit: spelling because of anal dykes
"Poor core"
Areola 51
Exi-stencilism
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
With the NHL season getting started tonight. I am wondering what are you best jokes making fun off sports teams. All Sports (Baseball,hockey,football, soccer etc). 
Roberto.
Pulled
Well, the cook stirs today's meal while the homo stirs yesterday's.
what was the question?
Because if it were French it would stop working!
They don't; they're dead.
They can both make me swell up to 3 times my normal size.
A MEOWntain!  Thank you.
You boil the hell out of it.
Irrelelephant.  
Refrigerators don't fart when the meat gets pulled out
An udder failure
" Did you try turning me off and on again?"
Sir Loin.
Transparents
Murder. I had to post this to   to keep from implicating myself
Saviory
He had elbow-a
It's not hard.
somebody help plz I need help on kindergarten project
Boo man! Boo!
No one knows, it's never been done.
A spooky dookie.
The 6th grade science teacher, Mrs. Parks, asked her class, "Which human body part increases to ten times its size when stimulated?" No one answered until little Mary stood up and said, "You should not be asking sixth graders a question like that! I'm going to tell my parents, and they will go and tell the principal, who will then fire you!" Mrs. Parks ignored her and asked the question again, "Which body part increases to 10 times its size when stimulated?" Little Mary's mouth fell open. Then she said to those around her, "Boy, is she going to get in big trouble!" The teacher continued to ignore her and said to the class, "Anybody?" Finally, Billy stood up, looked around nervously, and said, "The body part that increases 10 times its size when stimulated is the pupil of the eye." Mrs. Parks said, "Very good, Billy," then turned to Mary and continued. "As for you, young lady, I have three things to say: One, you have a dirty mind. Two, you didn't read your homework And three, one day you are going to be very, very disappointed."
Because they are just out standing in their fields.
One - they are quite efficient and not very funny. 
A vacuum! You know what else sucks? An overused, crappy joke.
Only one, but an extra 15 to repost.
apparently he blew the judges away!
Iron Man is a superhero, Iron Woman is a command.  ALL credit goes to   had to share it!
A Free-to-lay
Nothing, they both suck dick.  As a Jets fan it hurts to say. But it's been kind of true. 
Because he didn't need a living room anymore!
Perk up or people will think you're nuts!

Oh, gosh!
What did Bacon say to Tomato?  "Lettuce get together"
Urine luck
"Dude, your   is hanging out"
A ham brake !
Ground beef
Most of those ones over in Asia have never even been to the States.
Re-morse code
They're both meat substitutes.
Great service but no atmosphere.
Canada.
just one, but it will take 4 episodes.
None. They just beat the room for being black.
Get off me dad, you're crushing my smokes!
Take your foot off of it.
The retail store. Edit: WHERE NOT WERE I'M RETARDED I KNOW :(((((
Gingerly
They have a sixth sense of humor
They always lie
They don't know when to shut the fuck up
They're both overrated bags of shit
They ain't worth shit
Crust
A Cache-Advance
Hebrews it.
The Holocaust. 
Tanakh Tanakh Tun
"Make it slow."
Because he drank his coffee before it was cool...
Two men were shipwrecked on an island. They decided to venture inland to see if they could find someone. The men came across a village in the middle of a jungle, immediately they were surrounded by a tribe of islanders. The chief walks to the men and says, ” What do you choose, Death or Boogaloo?” The first man thinks for a second and replies, “I choose Boogaloo”. The chief smiles and the tribe begins to chant “boogaloo, boogaloo, boogaloo”. The chief takes the man, bends him over and f* *. The second man is horrified at what he has just witnessed and then the chief walks up to him and asks, “You must choose, Death or Boogaloo”? The man thinks he would rather die than have boogaloo, so he replies, “I choose death”. The tribe roars in ecstasy and the chief yells, “Death by boogaloo!!!”
That was your fault!!!!
"IED mubarak.."  
<EOM> ;
He/she's kisses
Because 7 ate 9.
9/11. 
It's a play on words...
If they are forced on you as a child, you wont enjoy them as much as an adult
You come home to find a question mark burned into your lawn.
He was in a Jam. 
You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna!
Hitler can't finish a race
A whorifice.  
Sine language!
Only men would call something that measures 5.5 inches, "six plus"
The traffic.
1 US Leader.
One has cubs
His catch-phrase. Short n' Sweet, hope you like it!
Kermit The Frog's dick...
Because izquierda going right.
Because it had Lemon-Aids
Crack.
Seriously.  Even the smartest and most accomplished women are dumber than the most retarded head lice.
Whose the asshole in the middle.
Surprisingly pleasing. 
Because you can eat all the sand which is there
It's a carbon dated beverage... Good jokes are good
He stayed up all night wondering whether or not there was a Dog. 
(Teacher) "With all this talking I assume you are done with your work" (Student) "And with all this complaining I assume you're single"
Because you still have ears, teacher.
A lawyer.
He used a Sea-saw.
i j k
an aeroplane
Nata-LEE-HEE!
...because there are too many ears.
Nothing very interesting, they are both completely ordinary members of society who should not be judged based on their ethnic background and skin colour... ...And then the building exploded.  
Your mother never ran away to join the circus.
I forget...
He was assaulting A Minor.
Me: "Girl, did you fall from heaven?" Her: "Don't even think about it?" Me: "...because Satan did"
10-4 
Shit in her cunt
Fruits and vegetables!
Bird flu you get tweetment, swine flu you get oinkment. 
I don't know, but they end up fucking in-tents (intense).  Yes, it's a pun, but what else do you expect from me first thing in the morning. 
A fsh.  Eh, it works better if you tell it out loud, but you get the ... eye-dea.
Because they can't see if they close both.
10.
Hamlet du fromage
No. But April May
Because 7 always follows 6!
Because they can never find a place to sit.
if they do, why do men get hard for them?
A giraffic jam!
He took one too many whisks.
There was nothing left but de Brie.
Because if he turned the   into   someone would have kicked the shit out of him.
Arrrrrrr-wen
salmon or eight minutes.
Because the captain was sitting on the top of the deck.
It's made from scratch      
Because they don't like DICKS.
Because her boyfriend was blonde too! Take a second.  I'll show myself out.
Syria-l
They're too God-y
"Well, glad I got that over with."
One has thick whiskers and smells like fish. The others a WALRUS. 
A meowtian.
Its time for lunch.
Siri-al
Bloodweiser
Disoriented. 
Dr. Dre
SaTURDay
War Biscuit
When she comes she's wet and wild, but when she leaves she takes the house, the car and the kids...
He woke up.
Get in the car.
They CURIOUSLY MASTERCATE.
Infantacide
GET TO THE VIRGINS
Wanna go ride bikes?? 
I've been feeding the kids in my political science class a steady diet of Japanese Government jokes.
Not being retarded.  Sorry guys. Poor taste. But it is what it is. 
A swollow.
Swarm.
A ping pong block.
I'd be surprised if you could fit two in there 
The porcupine has pricks on the outside.

A Freudian slip.
Musl'im
A cap and chinos.
Catholics will say hello to each other in the liquor store.
Scissor me timbers.
Because he couldn't see that well. 
To get away from the golf club wielding maniac.
They planet
She was trying to blow the horn
High Street of course!
It was attached to my bumper...
A lunartick.
This broad could make big sis and Rosie O'Donnel look hot and feminine. Obama is bound to be running out of fat ugly feminists and dykes to fill all of the positions left by his inept appointments
Because MEAT IS MORDOR!
consuelo
Do you smell carrots??
Because there's too many cheetahs.
Only two. One person holds the bulb and the other blonde twirls the other blonde around.
Yeah, they found her head and shoulders in the dashboard.
No, that's because it hasn't come out yet.
Your grip. 
So they can both watch the hockey game.
Kermit's Fingers
Because they're born fucked.
I've been hearing this shitty joke around town quite frequently as of late. I know it's been around for a while but where the f did it come from? I know I heard it on "The Office" a while ago but some people say it's older. What's the deal?
It's in bread
At least the Dallas Cowboys don't have to worry about it. They can't catch anything. 
Because Windows 7 ate 9!!! :D
Options are: 1) Crack a witty comment 2) Link to  3) Submit a damn joke and the answer is.....drumroll...... just reply with a "whoosh", simple!
A fruit doesn't need a wheelchair
Europeans don't want to die yet. Unlike Americans who don't wanna diet.
Christian Bail
His wife ended up taking someone else. 
Because it multiplied by dividing.

-Malcolm Young
All those who can run, jump and swim are in Texas.
He worked it out with a pencil.
Tough shit.
The perfect system to avoid condom accident, use double condom with chilly powder in between, if outer breaks she will know , if inner breaks u will know.
Girl: Sorry, but alcohol is bad for my legs. Guy: Do they swell? Girl: No. They spread
Fed Leapord.
E-Bowler.
Because 7 8 9
Innuend-O
He couldn't finish his sentence. 
A pigment of your imagination.
You look quite put-together this evening.


I'm-in-a-cent!

lmayo ahh
Because 7 ate 9. 
A Solution Manuel
None, they prefer Natural Light
Because 
We don't like anything white on our land.
A nun on roller skates. - kills self
Because 7 8 9.
Because they needed a switch-hitter.
Fedora Linux!
Because since the Higgs Boson gives mass to tiny particles, they imagined that it had to be a tiny priest.
Because 7 8 9.
Because Windows 7, 8  9.....
scone. 's gone
because 7 8 9
I'm not going to jelly my dick in your ass.
A cantaloupe
A Lenintil...
A bellybutton
I don't know, but it was going at it one byte at a time.
I was walking through the park the other day when I came across a man playing chess with his pet dog. "That's amazing!" I exclaimed. The dog was not phased, and he appeared to be in deep concentration as he peered down at the chess board. It must have been his move. The owner, an elderly man, glanced up at me. "Whatchya want, laddie?" "Your dog- that's astounding! You're playing chess with your dog!" "Eh?" he replied, "The hound isn't anything special. Bloody beast has only won twice today." A man walks into a bar and sits next a blind beggar and his seeing-eye dog. The beggar leans in towards the new patron. "Hiya fella. Say, hows about we get our wager on? I'll bet you twenty dollars that if I were to ask my companion here a couple of questions, he'd be able to answer them in perfect English," He says, beckoning towards the dog. The man is suspicious, but, taking pity on the old man, accepts the bet. "Alright, lets begin. Now Rover, tell me. What is the material you find on the outer layer of a tree?" "Bark!" says Rover. "Very good! Good dog!" exclaims the blind beggar. The bar patron begins to see where this is going, and is starting to get peeved. "Ok now, Rover. Tell me, where are you going to find the golf ball when ol' Ben shanks his shot outta the tee box?" "Ruff!" says Rover. "Right again!" Ol' Ben clamors, "Hehe, of course, that isn't much of a difficult question. I mean, my golf game isn't what it used to be, is it boy?" he chuckles, patting his dog on the head and motioning to his eyes. "Now hold on a second," says the man, "that's the weakest scam I've seen in years. It's my turn to ask 'Rover' a question. Ok, 'Rover'. Who was the 22nd president of the United States?" Rover looks at the man blankly, then begins to growl. "Grrr.. Grrrrr..." "That's what I thought," snorts the man as he storms out of the bar. The dog turned to his owner and says, "Was it Coolidge?" A man walks into a bar, and notices that a small crowd has formed in around a corner booth. Curious, he makes his way toward the gathering. As he approaches, he hears a high pitch voice that had a certain bravado in its ring. "After my deployment in Afghanistan, the CIA relocated me to a mountainous region in Islamabad. I spent 3 stinking weeks gathering inconclusive intelligence on the 'illegalities of abusive goat herding,' all whilst living on stale biscuits and sleeping in a cave. Not a bitch in sight for 20 straight days." The man locates the source of the boasting tale telling. A small, Jack-Russel terrier is perched on a bar stool, singing his legend to a crowd of intrigued bar patrons. The man pulls out his wallet and, to no one in particular, shouts, "I'd like to purchase this dog! Where can I find his owner?" A short, homely looking fellow stands up. "Aye, that'd be me. I'll sell the rascal to ya for 200 dollars." "200 dollars?! You've got yourself a deal! That seems pretty cheap for such an incredible dog," says the man. "Incredible? Sonny, not only is this sonofabitch barking mad, but he's a goddamn liar as well. He dint do any of those bloody thing, did he?"
Actually, never mind. You pricks would probably just poke holes in it.
Because it is only 2/5 solution.
Au-burn
Batman can go a day without robin.
C. U. Tomorov
Christian Bale
I wouldn't pay $100 to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
One Direction
K
To Test a Mint
A dead baby in three trash cans.

To get to the dark side...
Because the 'P' is silent. 
No... my mouth is just liftin weights
Because they were still considered monkeys.
Because he was terminally hill.
The ones with the golden proportions!
A zombie may eat your brains, but a baby kills your dreams.
Why don't you give it a shot?
Semper-fried! (Bring on the booings and the beatings)
The Jews.
I don't have a Ferrari in my garage. 
The IV Drip
E-gypt
No?  That's the spirit!
Kermit the frog's finger... 
It was dead.
Because OCT 31 = DEC 25!
Juan less car (one less car)
Because it's two-tired
..Because none of them want to be Miss. Idaho
Ask them to pronounce unionized.
There's a nap for that!
Because he's got little legs. 
Because they're ear-rash-ional.
He re-peeled it.
He got cold feet.
None. Hippies screw in tents.
An atom. We are only about 2 metres bigger than an atom, but about 12,472 kilometres smaller than the Earth!
Split pee
A. With a blender. Q. How do you get a baby out of a shoebox? A. With a straw.
A person who stays up at night, wondering if there's a dog.
Paula Dean is the mother.
Your cerebral pal-sy.
Never mind it won't work
She'd had cosmetic surgery before they'd met and never told him, then they got married and had a couple of children who obviously had some of the biological features of their mother. after losing the case the mother said she would have gotten away with it too if it hadn't been for those meddling kids.
Throw a flashbang into the room.
Uncles
At the Schopenhauer. 
They're a little Chewie. (Edit: Wookiee***)
Because he only comes once a year and it's down a chimney. 
They both survive on dead beatles (beetles).
A 69 ruined by a period.
He was caught in the possession of small arms
Two bums got wiped
Because they want us all under super-vision!
Math hue.
He kisses his mother with that mouth
Germany 8, Ethiopia didn't.
A lawn mewer. (I wrote this yesterday).
Bustamante.  After the grandfather.
Nothing, they just waved. sea what i did there? I'm shore you got it come on, dont be a beach
Because mail men don't come on Sundays.  
Partial Arts! :)
A Jew lost a penny (incoming angry comments)
Q: Why did the dick go to 7-11?  A: To get a Slurpee.
Well, kicked out of the zoo for starters. 
Are you having a crisis?
The Wall was both their last big hit. 
Because he drank his coffee before it was cool. 
In the complete opposite direction of a vagina.
A.heading B.heading C.heading
Michael Phelps can actually finish a race...
Urine for a treat!
IDK
Grassy-ass
Peter Parker can swing a web. Clark Kent.
They have a pirate bay......
They exchange cell numbers.
If they look fabric-cated Very bad, I know.    "This is why we don't have friends!!"   
Disburse!
A condom. haha
It's bananas!
D
I think pets shouldn't have to just sit in cages and eat the same thing every day, so I took Mister Slithers to the hot dog store. I asked the lady, do you have hot dogs? She said "Yes of course! Would you like me to make you one?" I said "I don't eat hot dogs myself, but I'd like to get one for my snake here, so can you get me one please?" to which she replied "Of course! I'd be happy to! The only problem is, the guy who drives the bread truck had a terrible accident when his truck went off a curve and his truck burst into flames; they took him to the hospital where he now lies in critical condition. Our hearts go out to him and his family, and he also couldn't complete our order, so is it ok if I just put the hot dog in a dish with mustard or whatever you'd like on it?" I was already halfway to the door when I looked over my shoulder said "My anaconda don't want none unless you got buns, hon."
Park in it, of course.
With little Nazis.

Because they are held together by weak van den Gaal's forces.
the bird was wearing underpants.
"will i marry you?"
Concentrated.
No Oscar!
Usain Bolt.
They say thansk.
No?  That's because it hasn't come out yet. Have you seen the movie Diarrhea? You can.  It's still running.

Datsik but not dat well.
Just cream, it's not sour. -told me to by a friend. AP
So you can get traction in the mud.
Someone's losing a trailer.
Beef Strokin-off
Shabbat-a
The judge told him
Locomotives
Neither did he
It's not hard.
Make him run across Canada
Kick her in the gut! 
Asians
Knee-on!
Rooster goes CockaDOODLEDOOO!! Prostitute goes AnyCOCKLEDOOO!! (Such an old joke maybe some of these young redditors have never heard it ;)
Why yes, she was absolutely ribbeting.

A. 1 scoop of ice cream and 2 scoops of dead baby.
Gluten 
He got turnip
'Cause 7 was a Registered Sex Offender.
Did you make that Fermi?
A Neo Nazi.
Women's rights...
Kinder.
Well one day he  !!!
It was unmiscible.
The fastest way to get across a river.
I dont jelly my dick down your throat.
A threesome
Not sure, but the flag is a big plus.
Herpes last forever.
A "Minstrel".
A moo-suem.
I1
In the end, someone is going to lose a trailer.
The one with the wee calf.
XP
A quacker
They're easier to find in the dark.
One's a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean
It only takes 1 nail to hang the painting.
Nyet long. He's always Russian.
He got hammered with his buddies.
Heart failure
Nickleback sucks.
I certainty won't beheading their anytime soon! -wink-
They work it out with a pencil.
The joke! Usually one would introduce this one with: "I'm gonna tell you a joke" - but since we are in   here, the setup should be ok.
I guess it's got people all bent out of shape.
My iPhone 6.
Here's a bottle opener, go get me a beer.
Patty O'Furniture.
Mounting pressure from his friends and family
Popeye kicked his ass.
Answer: to hide in avocado trees.. How did Tarzan die? Answer: Picking avocados
... ITS FUCKING INTENTS 
Kool-AIDs
Inserting a rod into the reactor turns it off.
None, he 'fell'.
None, they just beat the bulb for being broke and the room for being black!
You would too if your name was "GWWAAAANNNEEEHHHAARRRR"
The European goes to the gym, the American goes to Jim's.
Adele
"I freed the what?"
A bassturd
That one drop of toilet water.
Hebrewed his own
Heatstroke. 
It makes their makeup run.
A telephono lens. 
They played some original songs yesterday. One was called 'Smells Like Kurt's Spirit'. 
Remains to be seen!
A penis shaped potato. Its a dick-tater. 
I'll tell you tomorrow.
Because it blew up.
a HIPAAcrite
A rip off
[deleted] 
A dictator. 
The vacuum has the dirtbag on the inside.
space junk
Barberians.
Connossieurs are praising its distinctive nose.
Because they live in the kingdom where the hyrule.
Operation Yewtree. 
The Wurst Guy.
Quark.
-1
His dad didn't want to buy him a new sheet. 
You haven't?  Oh, wait...that's right.... that's because they can't. (Menopause) Ha.
What do you call nuts on a chest? What do you call nuts on your chin?
The look on their face while being nailed. 
Let his people go!
Krillex.
Mein Kraft
It was in tents!
Tentickles.
Hebrews it. 
It's not your fault.
I feel like this is a great setup, but I can't think of a punchline. Any help, reddit?
It's a mystery.
Don't worry, they'll tell you.
She Cos(plays)
Sinko :D
None.
How do you drink out of that little thing?
The picture only needs one nail. 
Is the answer: A: Heading B: Heading C: Heading
Utter destruction.
A shit-zoo.
because he heard George Bush had a dick cheney 
Homo genius. 
A receding hare line!
The procedure removes their force-kin. 
Salvador Deli
Dam!!
A Plaid-A-Pus
What would you do ew ew in a Klondike bar.
No? So what are you doing next weekend?
No idea.
Life is harder.
Because all their husbands have Halloween-ies!
They lay down on their backs and put their legs and arms toward the sky.
Fucked. 
One's a cunning runt...
Because it was stapled to the chicken.
Tres Leches!
He got a compound sentence.
No eye deer. What do you call a dead deer with no eyes? Still, no eye deer.
Whatever you want
Camotow
A nervous wreck.
It was framed.
USB
Wiped his ass.
Turns into a real Soap Opera.
In his Taurus!
Because 7 is a registered 6 offender
She kick starts her vibrator and rolls her own tampons :D
And the shuttle to hell is boarding if anyone cares to join me....
A Lickalotopus 
fiiish. (works when spoken :-/)
Na
Bison.
It's Not Lobster.
She gagged
A very soar arse
They both like a tight seal.
Doug.
A Bag-El
A Chromophobe.
Your mother. 
Christian Bale.
The 'p' is silent
Beanstalking. 
one requires 'oinkment' and the other needs 'tweetment'. i'm sorry.

We better get some support over here or people will think we're nuts. 
They both have handlebars. Well,  except for the duck.
Feeding Frenzy.
nevermind its too long
I heard it was directed by Phil Atio.
Role tied.
or does it tell the person calling that they can just assume yes to whatever they were calling about?
Only two more sleeps til' Christmas!
It drove down the road and turned into a field. 
This dick.
They are two tired.
His soulmatey
Because the grass tickles their balls.
So they didn't leave slug trails. My father told me that when I was 8 years old.
Have a pirate cook it...they always add an "arrr"...
Someone that knocks on your door and tells YOU to fuck off.
Teacher: "Kids,what does the chicken give you?" Student: "Meat!" Teacher: "Very good! Now what does the pig give you?" Student: "Bacon!" Teacher: "Great! And what does the fat cow give you?" Student: "Homework!"
A spectater.
Nice Belt.
Because they have big fingers!
My teacher pointed me with her ruler and declared that at the end of her ruler is an idiot. I was suspended for a week for just asking which end!
Snoop dog.
He's a small medium at large.
I'll post the punchline later.
Because they're the ideal gas. 
He hung around until his assistant arrived
Go for the juggler
Dead bodies.
He works it out with a pencil 
The Sixth Cents
Because 7 contracted the Ebola virus and is highly contagious. 
They're stuck at C for years
On an unrelated topic, I'm not allowed in Petco anymore.
Christian bale.
Because they are so anal!
Christian Bale
It's often on! 
A:She becomes PirateBae  
They're always taking things...literally.
Head over heels 
They traded him to the Minnesota Twins because the Twins needed a Switch Hitter.
A tra-jeudi.
Left ear, right ear... and final front ear.
A tooter. (thanks, honey)
An elderly couple is in financial dire straits. Their pension is running out and things are starting to look desperate.  After several pointless job interviews and attempting to sell some junk from the attic, they reach the sad conclusion that the only hope they have is for the wife to sell her "favors" on the street. And so, in the morning, the wife leaves the house and doesn't come back until late at night. Her husband is anxiously waiting at the door. "So, how much did you make?" he asks. "$719.25", she replies before collapsing on the couch. "Wha...? Who paid you with a quarter?!?"  "Everybody."
Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles playing tennis.
The Alpacalisp.
A confederate fag. 
Rubbit.
Take me to your leader!
Dead men sell no snails!
He might play for the twins this year. Apparently he is a switch hitter. 
Because it got a lot of creepy stairs.  FML.
They get their Aaargh-On!
A buccaneer!
The NFL will review the tape of the wide receiver getting hit

AM I BEING DE-STAINED?!
A Toy-Yoda
Every body says its the "R" but it is actually the "C."
Boxed wine, obviously. 
Because he had no depth perception.
"Arrg, it's driving me nuts!"
They're close enough to smell it, but can't have a taste. 
Oral Roberts!
The walks
Paraffin and matches.
In his treas-arrrr chest!
Arduous.
Ayy Matey
Don't worry they'll tell you.
Patty O'Furniture
No, he left
Arrrrrrrrrbyyyyssss
a Lickalottapus
New product, same design.
They think, therefore they arrrr
so deaf people can enjoy them too.
Scotland
Buccaneer.
Apparently he's one hell of a switch hitter.
It was being chased by the kluck kluck klan
It really won't matter. He isn't coming anyway.
He came into a lot of money
, ye mateys!
Because they ARRRRR
Because they can spend years at C!
10 "number 1's" and a not guilty verdict 
Independence Day
an addadicktomy
One in Fife
My zipper
Hey girl, I'd sleep in that box.
Your mom on Def Leppard's tour bus. 
Denim denim denim
A Bark-ista! I said a bark-ista Coral.
because he had no knees
Figuring out what to tell you about first.

They really scared the Shiite outa me!
Christian Bale
Because the spray paint can wasn't invented until 1949.
He had firearms. 
One's a dead-ass motherfucker. The other's a dead mother ass-fucker. 
Like, oh fuck! Oh shit! TITTY SPRINKLESSSSSSS
A shitzoo.
Seizure Salad
Hoe, hoe, hoe.
A barbecue
OMg
It doesn't matter
The lab.
A stillborn

Allah them.   (I googled several varations and thus far I believe I am the originator)
peter parker can shoot webs. clark kent.
invisigoths
It turned out to be all right.
"Whoa! fuggodaboutit!"
That you get to meet new people everyday!
The milkshake, because it brought all the boys to his yard
Licker cabinet.
Eat her out.
Zero emissions. 
A: One day, i was going to the office, in the parking lot I saw two guys beating the hell out of another. I thought "should I involve, should I stay out?" I was in a hurry, so I decided to stay out and get to the office. At lunch, I got to a restaurant, in front of the restaurant 4 guys were beating the hell out of another. I thought "should I involve, should I stay out?" I was also in a hurry, so I decided to stay out . In the evening, on my way home I saw 8 guys that were beating the hell out of another. This time I was not in a hurry, so I decided to involve B: "and?" A : Man, we kicked that guy's ass!!!
they can't keep their calves together
Cause it couldn't get on the right track. I made that joke when I was little and remembered it today, might as well post it.
You really gotta hand it to her. 
two little boys are sitting at the kitchen table. the mom says to one "what do you want for breakfast?"the boy says "bitch! make me some muthafucken pancakes!" the mom goes crazy and beat the shit out of him and sends him to his room. she turn to the other boy and says "what do you want for breakfast?" the boy says "you bet your sweet ass I don't want no fucking pancakes!"
Cleopatra. 
a woman kneeling in prayer has hope in her soul.
What does a little sister ride? A nii san
Wrong.
The neigh-neigh.
They were having trouble making ends meet
....Because everyone knows General Tsao's chicken. Heard from a friend today. :)
Because I am stronger than you.
He kneaded a poo
Because he was a master-baiter.
Because they've had their chloro-fill.
Jock itch.
Hydrogen  mide.
Piece of cake! Edit: Holy shit I didn't even realize it was my cake day. Woah
A vowel movement.
Because old hobbits die hard. (Just a different Punchline)
Speech impaired.
Could you spare some change?
Tie his hands behind his back
He says "I'm not a sales guy".
Because it was out standing in its field.
A Brunette with bad breath.
A saison premiere! 
Just Juan!
Dear redditors of reddit, could you let me know in the comments if the following joke is racist/culturally insensitive? It seems to be quite old and I like it, just would be grateful for your opinion, thanks. According to recent reports the Japanese banking crisis shows no signs of improving. If anything, it's getting worse. Following last week's news that Origami Bank had folded, we are hearing that Sumo Bank has gone belly up and Bonsai Bank plans to cut back some of its branches. Karaoke Bank is up for sale and is (you guessed it) going for a song. Meanwhile, 500 back-office staff at Karate Bank got the chop. Analysts report that there is something fishy going on at Sushi Bank and staff there fear they may get a raw deal.
Gutterfingers!
Feces pieces
They got 6 months each.
"There's no such thing as negative energy" 
...an Oriental Rug.
Neither have they.
Because magic is stupid.
Because it wasn't ceiling.
She was a little husky.
You take the c out of ice and the f out of weigh.
About half way.
His daddy was a mummy
Miracle whip. 
an erection that points north.
Carrot! 
...the same thing Arkansas
Ha! Feminists can't change anything.
To get to the other side.                          
Popeye fucking smacked him one.
Insure ants?
Because old Hobbits die hard...
Birkenstock
There's twenty of them. (Works better in spoken format, I know)
You oscillate it's tits a lot
He was out of control.
A whole-lot-more
He did it and instantly began coughing up blood and falling over the place, before vomiting, passing out and tragically slipping into a Korma. 
My friend told me this 'joke' after he found out I was Muslim.  Him: Why do Muslims hate Hitler? Me: Why? Him: He didn't kill ALL the Jews.
gag...
because everybody that can run, swim or jump in in the united states...
You take the S out of SAFE and you take the F out of WAY
It was so bad it made me sustainably groan.
One of the main articles was about Hitler and his dog, Blondi. Another debated the ease of electronic burglar alarms over the hassle of owning a German Shepherd. A third, illustrated with the picture of a lavishly pruned poodle, analyzed "The phenomenology of slutty poodles: the role of dogs in the sex trade."
Beef Stroganoff 
It's petty unknown, last time not a single soul came.
A brown stick.
They rearranged the living room furniture.
Word is they needed a switch hitter...
Because they're long, hard and full of seamen.
Sad terrorist 
Grandma: F*ck the pills,did you see those dragons in the kitchen ?
A daughterboard. 
...Demetre.
To get to the other side.   ...Told by my brother last night
Where there is a fork in the road. This and other tyre jokes here: 
The girl has to chew before she swallows.
...if it had one more, it would be "teew faarty"
.exe
A cranberry holding its breath. 
A footilada!
Because it is very strong at beating the son.
Because He-Man has the power.
"You've got a lot of potential!"
If you like dialogue, theres a whole lot of Tolkein.
They like to eat wood. Drunk at a bar and just made this joke myself, unless somebody already made it, in which case, cheers to the individual who thinks like me.
A ragamuffin. Knew it was a dadjoke as soon as I saw my 9 year old roll his eyes.
A pebble caught between the wrinkle of a flea's ball.
Only one, but... It takes the entire ER department to get it back out. 
Nothing.
One has its claws at the end of its paws, and one is a pause at the end of a clause.
Because they all have the same DNA and no dental records.
...a white girl's ass! (I AM a white girl, BTW, so don't start with me about racism).
Normal day at the office, when one guy notices his coworker distraught. He goes over to his cubicle and sees him looking for something on the floor. They spend half an hour looking for it, when the guy starts picking his nose: 
He wrecked em'. 
They call it comic sands
Inosaur.
You only need one nail for the picture!
Vachina 
He'll have Nunavut
None
He didn't like breast stroke.
Because manholes are round
when he`s f*cking in an elevator. (ED.S)
Because she had no arms
Nothing. It just waved.
The NBA
When it turns into a driveway
Fitting the wheelchair in the oven.
Is there really a dog. Dog lover joke.
Because they're 90 degrees!
A paragraph. 
Because it "caust" them 6 million.
The plot thickens!
Because the grass tickles their balls! 
You kill his family
Gloves. Just kidding. He hasn't opened it yet.
Wondering who the hell names their son Rape.
Rhesus species
You're very appealing 
I would buy a new butt, mine has a hole in it.
Mine is the enderdragon
You kick his sister in the jaw.
DUNG!!!!
Because your accent and appearance suggests that you hail from the southeast.
Nothing....you find them both in an alley, finger the holes, throw them in the gutter, and they keep coming back.
She doesn't, she's dead
They both glide around Uranus and wipe out Klingons!
It has a great punchline.
They scream when they come and take the house when they leave.
Lost
The Waffle S.S.
 
#nophiltrum
Because the P is silent.
"Where on Earth have you been??!!" **Thank you, I'll be here all night... Edit: Thanks for da love Dr. Jones!
Joke: Why don't birds have to wear camouflage? Punch:  Because they are already "in the skies". Thank you, I'll see myself out.
A mar tiny.
A Kripple. 
They come in hot and wet and leave with 
A PETAphile.
Just one, if you put it in the right place. 

None. That's a hardware problem.
Bookkake
What kind of bees make milk? Boobies.
Acne waits for a boy to be 14 before it comes on his face
Hippies don't screw in lightbulbs, they screw in dirty sleeping bags.
None. It's a hardware problem.
A Portugoose.  Because you cant have one gees.
That's not funny.
Cause you know, They have the moscow? Sorry for the cheesy joke :/
he had no cock!!! 
What do you call it when you throw a black person in the water? Pollution What do you call it when you throw all the black people in the water? Solution.
They train them
He said, what are you writing. Marx said the communist manifesto. He said, right on! (like write on). Edit: thanks for the awesome comments. U cant keep up! 
A Spain in the ass.
The golfer goes: thwack.... "Oh fuck".
Yeah.  He woke up.  :) 
They don't work.
he worked it out with a pencil....  a number two pencil
santa only comes once a year and when he does it's down a chimney...
Because techies respawns

One gets lots of annoyed hangups, the other has a lot of annoying hangups.
Because it has a turd in it.
Missile Toe
Artificial Intelligence!
Because Curiosity kills the cat.
You put it in his shoe and it makes him limp.
Dansk kush.
Because Ken came in a different box...
They both have 15 African-American women ready to go to work for them.

He drank his coffee before it was cool.
They're calling it Bloody Hell.
He sold his soul to Santa.
Steven King.  JK Rowling.  
YOU GET KNOCKED OUT!!!
One, but the light bulb must want to change.
The Caliph ate.
Yes. They call it "rain"
with binoculars. u know, he has to watch whatever the neighbours are watching.
Hide and Go Seek Champion, 1973.
No body nose.
because their knee grows
Nothing. He just grit his teeth.
He needed someone to lend him a hand!
Because the camels can't handle it. 
Everyone's got mexican, Jewish, and Islamic jokes. I wanna hear the one's bashing America.
Gang Rape.
I don't pay a garbanzo bean $100 to go on my face. 
...because William Shatner
A WOOLY JUMPER :)
Only A's are acceptable 
Keep the Tip.
PUN-GENT
Supposed to have great food but there's just no atmosphere...
Yeah, he's infamous for his quickieleaks. 
An elephant.
You're being very teste
"I don't know I just fly the drone"
Putine...

Ray Rice
He burns his lips on the tail pipes.
Did you hear about the Indian that drank too much iced tea? He died in his tea pee.
De minimis non curat lex.
Don't worry, they've already told you the superior qualities it has over all the other smart phones by this time.
"Who ordered the two jumbos?!"
It was two tired...
A fish can take a left hook.
I dunno, I just fly the drone.
He went home and gave his wife a right bollocking.
I don't no
You stop milking a cow after 13 years.
The floor
Okay. You start.
It has legs, but doesn't walk, beak, but it doesn't bite and wings, but it doesn't fly. What is it? -A dead crow
A nice Indian woman gets up mid-flight to the US and shouts "Is there a doctor here?" A nice, serious guy approaches her quickly and tells her: "I am. What is the problem?" She replies: "Do you want to meet my daughter?"
Whats the difference between mash potatoes and pea soup?... Anyone can mash potatoes...
A man rings up his local Indian restaurant and asks, "Do you deliver?"  And the man at the other end of the phone replies, "Nah mate. Just beef, chicken and lamb."
Because Jewish women love anything 20% off. 
Just Juan and Emmanuel.
LASIK is half off.
The Holocaust
They're both really high and have no access to water. 
There was a big panic at first, but it's all settled down now.
Chinese food comes out in about 15-20 minutes and Mexican food comes outta you in about 15-20 minutes.
They always riposte. 
A prostitute can wash her crack and sell it again.... To Generiquai and everybody reading this, I would just like you to know I obviously didn't make this up. Just remembered it from a few years back and thought it was funny. Whoever made it up I give you all the credit. Thanks for checking it out!
Because corners are   
9 mouths
Sneakers!
Cher
Just one. She holds it up to the socket and waits for the world to revolve around her.
4:04

She kept running away from the ball.
Six women drivers.
He only knows up strokes 
Up his sleevies.
It got pissed off. . (I'll get my coat...)
You can't buy happiness!
Her tits
Find out on the next episode of Dragon Ball Z
(Gravely voice) "Just ice."
It has a recognizable gait
A futility knife.
To get to the other slide.
TO GET TO THE OTHER SIDE!
Grab a cup of joe. 
You can't coriander your pants.
Cross Country.
A young brunette stewardess is on her first international flight, flying from Los Angeles to Sydney, Australia. Just as the jet approaches the equator, the cabin door pops open and she is sucked out. She screams for a while, and figures that she is going to die.  Seeing nothing but water below her, she begins to think that she may survive the fall, but she is worried that if her clothes are wet, they may weigh her down and she will drown. She takes off all of her clothes and continues falling. Just then she falls into a powerful waterspout, spinning round and round she gets quite dizzy. The waterspout is so powerful; it crosses the equator with the stewardess inside. Once past the equator, the waterspout loses momentum. As the waterspout approaches an uncharted island, the shallow water causes it to break up, depositing the naked stewardess gently on the island. Too dizzy to stand and amazed that she is alive, she passes out. A while later she is woken up by someone shouting “Hallelujah”.  The stewardess, now awake, but still naked sees a dishevelled man with a long beard approaching her. He then says “Thank you God, but next time could you send me a blonde”
to become ketchup
You know they'll swallow
He farts.
I've never gotten stuck in a traffic jelly!
ISIS
Things were going well, but it broke up. 
Claude
You stop milking a cow after 10 years. 
She kept wetting the bed.
RAPE.
In brain cells!
You can only put them in neutral. edit:pronouns
Because they're ugly and they smell bad. 
Because his colleagues would call him the Quantum Mechanic.
Type "fresh prints" in the  "search reddit" box at the right.
The "head" nurse.
They only speak in Morse-toad!
Cause you know how to raise a cock!
I've fallen and I can't giddyup. 
To get to the other side!
I'm sitting there typing and the battery drains, does this ever happen to you? So this little message pops up: Plug in or find another power source. Do you get that message? What other power source are they talking about? Well, I can't find that cable, so I'll go ahead and plug in to the hamster wheel generator I keep just in case. That's my other power source.
Juan in Emiliano
The dishes if she knows what's good for her!
Man, I wish I had paid for all that music...
Tweetment.
...in grease
The part where you have to bury them afterwards.
Don't worry, he's allright now.

Because he kneaded a poo!!
You don't know when it's cumming, how many inches you'll get, or how long it will hang around.  

Aspirin sorry guys
Getting hit by Rice
Nothing. 
HAL-i-toe-sis
Again with the victim blaming, jerk? Don't tell us to change the lightbulb, tell the lightbulb to not need changing. 
What is the most masculine profession? Maleman
A margarine of error!
Because they like to pump kin.
He's still there.
because it was two-tired.
His name was Yung Bu Ti.
A pair of polegics! 
Crimea river.
Nishikori
Boobehs
They ran out of san storage
take the 'f' out of free and the 'f' out of way...
Don't worry, I've got you covered. 
Two. One to screw in the bulb and one to suck my dick.
A hoedown! 
Hg wells
A precipuss. 
To catch a predator. Why do white girls walk around in groups of 3 and 5?  Because they can't even! Why do white people have so many pets?  Because owning people is not legal anymore  Would love to hear more white people-specific jokes :) They seem to be really rare.
"Sure, son. But it's your 12th cup tonight..." "I know, the baby's room is still on fire."
Discus(s). [I think this works better verbally...]
To beat the crowds.
A photographer. 
Q: Why did Joan Rivers die during throat surgery?  A: Because her career as a comic was stuck, but no matter how he tried, the Dr. couldn't pull a laugh out of her.
Liqourace.
Don't fret 
A visit from the cops.
You ask an informer
A Mallardy.
One.

"see you next month!"
A paedophile.
Web Development.
Thar she blows!
Michael Brown
The ceremony was okay, but the reception was excellent. 
..........A Stick
To teach women how to stand on their hind legs.
Because they peel. 
To keep their foreskin from flopping over their head.
A centipede on meth.
They dont. They turn it into the hype of the new generation.
I'm better than you!
One is a group of cunning runts.
With an itheberg.
To not leave a slime trail.
It was a timeless classic.
You kill his family
Look for the Fresh Prints.
Dick Van Dyke
Lady: Do you smoke? Guy: Yes I do.  Lady: How many packs a day?  Guy: 3 packs. Lady: How much per pack?  Guy: $10.00 per pack.  Lady: And how long have you been smoking?  Guy: 15 years  Lady: So 1 pack is $10.00 and you have been smoking 3 packs a day which puts your spending per month at $900. In 1 year, it would have been $10,800. Correct?  Guy: Correct.  Lady: If 1 year you spend $10,800, not accounting for inflation, the past 15 years puts your spending total at $162,000. Correct?  Guy: Correct. Lady: Do you know if you hadn't smoke, that money could have been put in a step-up interest savings account and after accounting for compound interest for the past 15 years, you could have by now bought a Ferrari?  Guy: Oh. Do you smoke?  Lady: No.  Guy: Then where's your fucking Ferrari?
Both of them.
They both have early termination fees
In meowers
Cause he kept going in circles...
You made her chain to long.
A twig.
Oh you don't know?  Never mind.  You wouldn't get it.
Oscillate its tit a lot.
an heir conditioner. 
It only taek won do change a lightbulb.
To watch the mason lay a brick.
tulips on your organ
Its brail for, "Suck This."
Two, but don't ask me how they got in there.
They tell you.
That's okay. I'll just sit here in the dark. 
None. The just stand around for years bitching about how it went out. EDIT: does not disc. 
That's not funny.
Not Sea Food.
I can't jelly my cock down your throat!
You Planet.
I don't know, what do you guys think?
A 40-foot cock trying to reach out and touch someone.
Because they're greedy dirty Jews
Curling Iron.
Scenario 1: When you reach the most enjoyable point in your life.  A crane like machine will bust through the wall and erotic asphyxiate you to death.  It will happen during a public event such as a wedding, birthday party etc.  And when you are just about to finish the device will jerk your penis in the direction of your closest relative as you ejaculate and it snuffs out your life. Scenario 2: For the rest of your life Justin Beiber appears like a genie when you disagree with anyone.  He appears quicker than you can recoil and punches you in the face.  He is wearing brass knuckles so it will actually hurt.  He than quickly calls you a "little bitch" and just as quickly disappears before you can do anything about it.
Aye Matey!
Because Jewish women only want things that are 20% off.
Because he's snowed-in
You can mash potatoes, but you can't pee soup. (sorry sorry. Really. I've loved this joke since I was... oh.. six...)
The Andouille Decimal System
He got an oily discharge.
She wasn't wearing a seat-belt
...to get to the Shell station.
He saw the salad dressing.
He's the guy in the creepy van rolling up to kids and asking "Hey kids, you want to buy some candy?"
Get a new robe!
A cloister fuck, obviously.
None, they just stand around complimenting it then get pissed when it doesn't screw.
Two.  But, the trouble is getting them in there.
un burrito
make it into cured bacon
They moan like hell when they come, and take the house when they leave.
Your tally skeet. 
"Just concentrate on golf and fuck everything else"
because faggot hahahaha
You oscillate its tit-alot
A Pedrophile.
Boo bees
A. Betty White.
You kill his family
Because all proper tea is theft.
A fridge with a leather jacket on.
Tridixigin
Roberto
Yes. And what did he say? Yaaaaauh!
We Three Kims
I did not see that cumming....
Dyson.
A school bus full of black people (Sorry for racism, it is just a joke, nothing personal)
It's gonna take a while to get me hard, because I just got laid by a chick!
Gross.
The Holocaust.
Because he reached terminal velocity.
They call him the elastic clause.
Because it goes wolf!
The mortuary got $32 at the recycling center for her body.
All come from not pulling out on time.
An incongruity between expectation and result.
"I can't, I'm not a conductor." Pffffffhehewheheheheheh.
See you next month!
5000 views
Its called window.Mua
Shut up
Getting to the root of the problem.
B: No, I don't think that I have. A: "..."
Because you're an stone cold stunner. Edit: Stone not ice  Thanks 
EEEEEE-YARRRRRRRR
...I dont want people to know I use google+
University! Happy 1st day back to school to many of you :)
'Meet Patty!'
He cums down the chimney.
Because it's too much wok! [Sorry, I just made that up!]
You'd turn red if someone pulled on your hose wouldn't you?
When its head is up a Fairy's skirt, then it's a goblin.
Dr. Dre
A pizza shit
Only the good die, Jung.
Boom-shackle-lacquer!
Meat  hes a butcher.
Shredder
A cubicicle
Capital Juan
Because that could create a pair o' Docs.
I can throw her food on the floor, call her a bitch and she'll still play with my balls.
A Wise Ass.
Stay out of parms way.
The purr-rimiter.
I don't know, they both suck.
Because they can't even.
Infrognito.
Because he was too far out... (dude).
Because 7 was mean. Get it?             
There, their, they're......
Joaquin.
My personal favourite:  Two peanuts walked into a bar, one was assaulted.
Whey
A can of coke, a scoop of vanilla ice cream, and an elephant.
They are full of arab semen.
.....Christian Bale.
A slut sleeps with everyone. A bitch sleeps with everyone, except you.
A Kia Soul.
Jalapeno business! ha ha.. haha.. ha love this joke (Usually accompanied with three snaps of the fingers in the shape of the letter Z and moving my head from side to side) 
The reception was great!
Unique up on it
"For what?" "To play video games with.  Dafuq? For getting your dick wet, what else?" "Bro is that all women are good for?" "Yea, you're right.  I should make women suck my dick while their cleaning the house next time." -Actual conversation between me and a friend.  Sorry if its offensive.
A cunt.
A bender.
They say he's the first person ever to be hi-fived to death.
Tripoli batteries.
Put him in a synagogue. 
Umbros
So it could hide in the strawberry patch.... Have you ever seen an elephant in a strawberry patch? No?  See, it worked!
Hmm, yes if you shit enough...
I´ve been practicing my drop kick
Me: I don't know Her: The green guy! Who lives in the red house? Me: The red guy Her: Yes! Who lives in the blue house? Me: The blue guy Her: Yeah! Who lives in the yellow house? Me: The yellow guy Her: Who lives in the white house? [Now since I've heard this "riddle" before, I knew the trick answer. I was ready to answer The President! when my uncle blurted out:] The black guy!!
That's where you think one thing but fuck your mother.
Because she's the only one with a fat load on her face.
He wanted to be a ninja-neer.
Because it would scare the shit out of the dog.
 
Because they can't even.
It's the final condom...  Ta da da da...
The satisfactory.
They just wanna be loved by ewe. Made up this joke/pun at work the other day (I'm sure I'm not the first), decided to subject you all to it. All apologies to shepherds who are not physical with your sheep.
They exert less ground pressure. Because their penis is so big it acts like a third leg.
because seven is a registered six offender. 
Because they were appealing. 
The legend reads: Chris saved up for years to roll out of a parking lot, driving his new dream car. He made the purchase and rolled on his way for his first joyride last Friday, when -BAM- a tree limb fell from above and completely crushed the frontside of his car. Chris was able to break free with just a few scratches, but there was no way it wasn't totaled. "WHY GOD!! WHY?? WHY ME??!" Chris yelled. "Oh, wow, well... this is embarrassing... I actually DID get the wrong Chris."  God continued. "Same name... even same mother's name, but different SSN. Wow, what are the chances, yeah, I meant to throw lightening at that branch for a different Chris.... Here's what I'll do: Ask one thing of me, anything reasonable that doesn't include your wealth, fame, or love, and I'll get it to you by Monday." God said. Chris, a man of manly needs and forever an Upton fanatic, quickly answered God to leak him nudes of his heartthrob, Kate Upton. "Ha! Ok, you sure?" "Ya." "Great. That will be easy!" God said... "Jason Verlander can't keep it in his pants when Kate's around anyway, you know what I mean? His cellphone camera, I mean. Ok, Chris, I'll throw you a bone. Check reddit and 4chan over the weekend for your surprise." The weekend passed and Chris was distraught. He found his gift, along with many other generous gifts of the same nature, and yet, when God asked him on that gleeful Labor Day how he enjoyed the gift, Chris dejectedly replied, "Not only do I wish to return my gift... but I no longer believe in you." "WHOA! Buddy! You don't BELIEVE in me? The earth is literally gushing with joy because of this. I came through and gave you even more than was asked! Furthermore, I can't just, like... undo that! Y'know? What's going on? Why do you want this? Are your genitals okay?" God asked. "Well, you see, God, on Friday, you quite literally crushed my car, my dream. Over the weekend, you promised you'd make it up to me. Instead, you also ended up taking my fantasies. After three minutes of trying to figure out who these people were in these photos, I gave up my faith when I realized I can't believe in a God that doesn't even know how to use Photoshop. Can I just get my car back?"
Never-mind, it's too cheesy!
Inconceivable. 
Drizzle.. my nizzle
Both are  ) 
Ash.
scRAM
Sits down and works it out with a pencil.
Because they can't even.
Because if they didn't stand on any leg they would fall
He gets good marx.
I wanna rock!
One to do it before it gets cool, and one to talk about how much better the old one used to be.
Pina colliders.
Because Mr. Clean comes in a bottle.
The look on your face when you lick it
He was afraid , he would make an ass of himself . 
There was a face off in the corner.
The oyster shucker, shucks between fits.......

because they cant have zippers
She won't swallow
Oxidation
Because they can't Peruve they're citizens
Easy, go on Twitter right now.
A baby combing it's hair with a vegetable peeler.
Because the sea weed. ha.
I just passed your friend in the woods.
COMPUTERS: SHE OR HE? Why computers seem female: -- No one but the Creator understands their internal logic. -- The native language they use to communicate with other computers is incomprehensible to everyone else. -- The message "Bad command or file name" is about as informative as, "If you don't know why I'm mad at you, then I'm certainly not going to tell you." -- Even your smallest mistakes are stored in long-term memory for later retrieval. -- As soon as you make a commitment to one, you find yourself spending half your paycheck on accessories. Why computers seem male: -- They have a lot of data but are still clueless. -- They are supposed to help you solve problems, but half the time, they are the problem. -- As soon as you commit to one you realize that, if you had waited a little longer, you could have obtained a better model. -- In order to get their attention, you have to turn them on. -- Big power surges knock them out for the rest of the night.
They crepe themselves ;D
I don't know but your mother's a whore! 
Human beans
Wanna take a shower? They're to die for. 
Because they've got sick beets!
It was taped. 
White Vans. Creds to a friend of mine :)

Accessories 
Christian Bale!
.....So he could see her crack....
Because he used a non-stick pan.
nothing they were tearable. 
Hell-if-I-know! 
Gaelic
Nice belt 
They have crystal balls so they see it coming.
Ariana Grande
IT'S FROOOOOOOZZZZEEEN
A Shia pet.  *friend of mine came up with this and was pretty proud of himself 
Christian bail.
They're all suckers.
Get the fork outta here!
Defence
Yes
To get another degree.  My sister thought it up and found it so funny she called to tell me. 
Arrrriados
To get to a place you've probably never heard of.
Asbergers
Because they came from afar.
A eunuch-orn
The wheelchair
Cuz then they'd be baygulls. 
Acne waits till you're 14 to come on your face
He didn't want to go off half cocked.
You would still eat the beans after a month in the woods
It didn't protect him from harmful rays Edit: Steve Irwin was the man. RIP
he was scared that he'd end up serfing again 
The mosquito stops sucking when you smack it.
anonagon.
He fell asleep in the job.
A fart.  It goes right through your pants and doesn't leave a hole.
He totally flipped his shit.
A first-grade teacher, Ms Brooks, was having trouble with one of her students.  The teacher asked, "Harry, what's your problem?"  Harry answered, "I'm too smart for the 1st grade. My sister is in the 3rd grade and I'm smarter than she is!  I think I should be in the 3rd grade too!" Ms. Brooks had enough.  She took Harry to the principal's office.  While Harry waited in the outer office, the teacher explained to the principal what the situation was. The principal told Ms. Brooks he would give the boy a test.  If he failed to answer any of his questions he was to go back to the 1st grade and behave.  She agreed.  Harry was brought in and the conditions were explained to him and he agreed to take the test.  Principal: "What is 3 x 3?" Harry: "9." Principal: "What is 6 x 6?" Harry: "36." And so it went with every question the principal thought a 3rd grader should know.  The principal looks at Ms. Brooks and tells her, "I think Harry can go to the 3rdgrade." Ms. Brooks says to the principal, "Let me ask him some questions." The principal and Harry both agreed. Ms. Brooks asks, "What does a cow have four of that I have only two of?" Harry, after a moment: "Legs." Ms Brooks: "What is in your pants that you have but I do not have?" The principal wondered why would she ask such a question!  Harry replied: "Pockets." Ms. Brooks: "What does a dog do that a man steps into?"  Harry: "Pants." The principal sat forward with his mouth hanging open.  Ms. Brooks: "What goes in hard and pink then comes out soft and sticky?" The principal's eyes opened really wide and before he could stop the answer, Harry replied, "Bubble gum." Ms. Brooks: "What does a man do standing up, a woman does sitting down and a dog does on three legs?" Harry: "Shake hands." The principal was trembling.  Ms. Brooks: "What word starts with an 'F' and ends in 'K' that means a lot of heat and excitement?" Harry: "Firetruck." The principal breathed a sigh of relief and told the  teacher, "Put Harry in the fifth-grade, I got the last six questions wrong... "
A dead baby in a clown costume. 
One's organized.
Two. The light bulb you remove and the light bulb you replace it with.
Someone who pointlessly knocks on the door.
Because if they're on the fence too long they get caught.
Jew-lato
Its ok, They're awake now
A meowtain.
Its easy to harass a 90lb aneroxic and walk away.  It's a lot harder to do the same to the 250lb tattooed, long haired, biker.
Laissez-fur!
It depends on how much crack he can produce.
Because after "p" comes "irate"

....hasidic  I'll let myself out now. I know that was matzo good...
Data!
He only comes once a year.
The other 40% drive Mitsubishis.
I am working on a project, and its going to revolve around a phrase. I need it to be really out there, yet could be used in everyday life. But honestly just give me anything you got.
Gagging/Choking sound*
I dab.
Ahh yes I can see how you would think it's the "r", but in fact it's tha "C"!
Good morning ladies
Because they last for 3 periods.
By hiding the shovel in the shed/garage
Bye Bye White

Foreignade.
The water was so cold , he's still shaking.
One goes to the bar for a cold one. The other goes to a morgue.
See you next month.
A Scotland Yard.
both of them
Lend me your ears
Ariana Venti.
A jacked rabbit.
I'll tell you later.
He removed the appendix!
To get to the bottom!
Extra points if it can be about a burger monster (don't ask). 
A prosti-toot. Zing pow!
He needed a place to crash.
It was just out of his reich.
her bellybutton.
Arizona
I'll be goddamned.
It won the award for the best period drama
Because when it isn't sunni, it's utter shiite
Only 1/5th of what comes out of her vagina is retarded.
Boxer briefs!
THAT'S THE JOKE.
He ate his soup before it was cool
Two Bullets.
A Cereal Killer.
Because he is gay and the people on the other side of the road hate him and asked him to leave. 
Is it too basic?
An Oreo cookie.
half a dog
Because that's the sound it makes when you kick it.
Any fish that is swimming near a dolphin, because then, it swims with a porpoise.
So it would push back.
Because they're ugly and smell bad.
A guy sitting at the bar is making small talk with the cute barmaid He asks her what her name is, and she replies "Carmen" That's a pretty name he says, did your mother give it to you? No, I picked it myself, she says. Interesting... so how did you come up with Carmen?  Because I like cars and I like men. What's your name? He says, "Beerfuck."
I dunno, ashkenazi!
Sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.
You can keep the tip. 
A butt load.
Because it got grassed up by the lawn.
Dinner!
You never appreciate them until they go down on you. edit: computers
To avoid circumlocution.
Two. But I want to know how they got in there.
They're not falling for that one again
Artificial intelligence!

Uncles!
Because they taste funny
Because they have nein lives.
No you sadistic fucks, he did not get railed by a truck. He just tripped and fell :)
Cheese was.
12 One to screw it in One to excoriate men for creating the need for illumination One to blame men for inventing such a faulty means of illumination One to suggest the whole "screwing" bit to be too "rape-like" One to deconstruct the light bulb itself as being phallic One to blame men for not changing the bulb One to blame men for trying to change the bulb instead of letting a woman do it One to blame men for creating a society that discourages women from changing light bulbs One to blame men for creating a society where women change too many light bulbs One to advocate that light bulb changers should have wage parity with electricians One to alert the media that women are now "out-lightbulbing" men And one to just sit there taking pictures for her blog for photo-evidence that men are unnecessary
You drop it on her twice.
"Quit being yourself, quit being yourself!"
He had arachnophobia.
Made him an offer he couldn't understand
Divine intervention. edit: Oh.
Two fingers.
In the hobobituaries
Half a cat
Don't worry, we caught him
Joulery!
Because curiosity killed them all.
...
He uses the finest ingredients.
Full.
Baby on board.
Doesn't matter; Had sex 😃
That yo mama so fat that her ass is larger than our galaxy. Thank you. Utens31, The internet.
It makes cents.
A Polish man calls up an airline. "How long is the flight from Chicago to Warsaw?" "One minute..." "Thank you." 
They have in-door fins
Society.
He'll re-possess it
I hear they're hiring at the zoo circumcising elephants. The pay is small, but the tips are big!
The vagina only tastes like piss in the beginning. Translated from danish, where   is used instead of Bud Light.
Glue bread to the ceiling.
Sweet and Low-brow..
No eye-deer! What do you call a deer with no eyes or legs? Still no eye-deer!
Cobain Cobain
Paulina, Melvina and Lunt.
Wiped his ass. Ba dum tschhh
Because they are Hung Arian's 
The squeeze. 
Well, both carry stiffs, but one's for coming and the other's for going.
Commie commie commie commie chameleon.
Because they were under a buck.
No, reely?
A hand shake.
He was out of meth.
Yeah? I bet you have.
Because air is free.
They are delighted. 
A yeast infection!
HIV
The women's bathrooms in the engineering building. Credit to 
When god makes it rain bitches get wet.
al pa-chinos
Ebola Gay.
Moorse code.

They both chopped down their own cherry trees.
She outgrew her B shells. 
Here's mine. 
Good morning, ladies.
Tu Yung Tu,  Tu Dum Tu,  and No Yen Tu.
His left ear, his right ear, and his wild frontier.
She closes her eyes and imagines she's having cordon bleu.
The school folded.
Martian Luther King jr.
With a steak to the heart.
Not sure, but the flag is a big plus.
WASWAS.
He got tied up in court.
Hallooooo me! 
Ballah ballah ballah ballah ballah
A moo-slim
A carrot.
It's in tents.
Keep the tip.
Re-fried brains.
Because they have three hundred and sixty degrees.
They can smell it, but they can't eat it.
A galligator
He lost his Marples.
She was just trying to make ends meet.
Because we are hungry
Well, my dear reddit, in nature there is law of conservation of matter. Therefore, if the vodka disappeared somewhere, it would appear somewhere else. And then there would be Russia.
He woke up
Van Nuys
He died from a massive underdose.
Irene
Ballah
Because it's two against one
Nothing, you've already told her twice!
Bloody inflation. 
She doesn't have one. She'll eat anyone that's bruised!
Because the light at the end of the tunnel is New Jersey.
Well, here he is:   EDIT: Anyone remember that old-old joke?
Because we get sleepy.
There was a joke about a guy being pulled over saying he was a clown late for the circus, then he took out road flares to juggle to prove to the cop he was a clown, then maybe somebody else drove by or something... does this sound familiar to anyone?
Angry old white men.
It was pissed off.
His team is the first pee wee team to run a 5 wide receiver offensive set...he said there won't be a single tight end on his team. ...forgive me for that joke. 
A rekt angle
Yes.
Because if they flew over the bay, they'd be baygulls. I'm sorry
He was hit by a BRAAAANNDDD NEEEEWWWW CAAAAAARRRRR!
A trike
Because he had a reptile dysfunction. ... Okay bye now
That's not funny.
A knobstacle.
you let your 12yr old daughter smoke in front of her kids.
Persona naan grata! sorry.....
he Gottfried..
I don't know, but I have 3 in my basement and I still can't see a thing. 
An investigator
A noughty one.
It's World War I, now 100 years ago. A Belgian unit is hidden in it's trenches about 50m of German soldiers in theirs. After weeks of heavy shootings and minor progressions the Belgian colonel comes up with an idea. He says: "Guys, I've got a plan. Watch me!" and he takes position. He raises his voice towards the Germans and calls: "Friedrich?" and 50m away a German raises his head and replies "Jawohl!" and gets shot. The colonel explains to his troups that almost every man in Germany is named "Franz, Heinrich, Andreas or Friedrich" so those are the best names.  The next week Germans suffer huge losses due to this tactic and the German colonel says to his unit: "Okay, Belgians are all called Jan, Pieter or Jonas! I'll show you!" The Belgian colonel is not stupid of course, so when he hears "Jan, you there?" he screams to his troups to get the fuck down and NOT react. When the German calls again he replies "Is it you, Franz?"  Jawohl!
*gagging noises 
A minor 
Because one egg is 
A stick.
Because his father was in the pen, and he didn't know how long the sentence was!
Yeah, there's a small medium at large!
Sometimes it's Sunni, other times it's Shiite.
Because without it, our friends would be fiends. 
He used the force . 
He begs to differ.
Hang onto your nuts, because this is going to be one hell of a blow job.
Vas the deferens?
... One is greasy with big eyes.  The other's a fish.
A BM-cuddle-U
Ten minutes.
ja, ja, arsch ficken mich härter, gestüt
a Shure-opean
They make out like bandits.
Negromancy.
They both screw you for $300 per hour. What's the difference? Most prostitutes have standards. 
none he fell
Jesus died a virgin.
What up, britches?
It's On & On Anon.
Karmaflage!
SHEBOY-gan You're welcome
Challenge her to the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge.
No, neither has he.
He used a hypote-"noose"
-1
Drop it. How do you make a baby stop crying? Drop it again. 
Because he marches to the Imperial March and not the Metric March
You're fired!
It's wrong on so many levels.
You kick his sister in the jaw!
0 - Nice belt. 8 - thank you :) 
Brazil... They've got Brazillions
Because they can't even.
The older they get, the easier they are to pick up.
To get laid.
If you don't suck them fast enough they lose their shape.
One's against the law, and the other's a sick bird. 
He was feeling a little horse.
Wiped his butt.

You've got a strange vag-dick.
Shinglers Lisp. 
I have one here, it's just collecting dust.
Post-Hummus
Haw
He was looking for a porpoise. (thought this one up but I doubt I was the first one that did.)
A sombre-ero!
Don't worry he's "ALRIGHT" now!
1 year since their last blowjob.
He just found his chicken strips. (Courtesy of my creative bartender pal)
Snowballs.
NapKIN
It gets toad away.

Virgin Mobile
You just wait for the comments to link you up.
A BABOOM!

A gentleman monkey is a monkey that won't monkey around with another monkey's monkey.  
"Why?" To get to the gay-cunt's house. Knock knock.  "Who's there?" The chicken. 
A lady walks into the drug store and asks the pharmacist for some arsenic. The pharmacist asks "Ma'am, what do you want with arsenic?"  The lady says "To kill my husband."  "I can't sell you any for that reason" says the pharmacist.  The lady then reaches into her purse and pulls out a photo of her husband in bed with the pharmacist's wife.  He looks at the photo and says "Oh...........I didn't know you had a prescription!"
BRIANS!!  Everyone else is safe
They can't spell TOBOGGAN !
In little Nazis. 
Beer.
Clive, usually. 
A melon collie!
I WILL NOT BE A VICTIM!
Yes
Fast food
I don't know why, but this recent top post about the three wives, reading the comment section completley killed my buzz. I can't tell if people are trolling, or they're genuinely offended over some meaningless joke?  Who are these people? Are they that serious about poltical correctness that a joke is troublesome? I don't know anyone like that in real life. My cousins and friends used to make all kinds of jokes about race, sex, God, family members, anything growing up. We are so advanced with offensive material that nothing is shocking. And it's honestly great, we have the best sense of humor out of anyone I know. If telling jokes was regulated by the people who complain on this subreddit, i'd probably be in jail. Does anyone empathize with my situation? Does anyone else reckognize telling jokes reveals nothing about your character? I definitely think it's more of an American thing. At a chemistry lab i was in a few years ago, I overheard someone make a comment and I made a joke about mexicans, and these canadian post graduates cracked up and told me they thought I was hilarious. They said it was so rare to find an American who would make an ethnic joke so candidly. And we built such a great friendship. They knew it was okay to make jokes about anything. We had lunch damn near everyday, we looked out for each other with the course material, and we ALWAYS laughed our asses off.  I just don't comprehend any other viewpoint other than this. How can you be so uptight? Even if something negative happened to you that's in the joke (you were raped--God forbid--and the joke is about rape), if you were honest about why the subject was hard for you, I could empathize and throw some love your way. But just to say something is offensive? Like I said I dont know if theyre trolling or sincere, but it's just pathetic to me.  Reminds me of this quote: Even Bill Hicks, a shocking, provocative yet compassionate stand up comedian, was on Howard Stern saying that he's offended by a lot of stuff, but he, along with the majority of normal human beings, realize that they can change the channel, and maybe it isn't for them. It's that minority of 5%ers that write letters and complain, and expect the world to cowtow to them.  Sorry for the rant. But, I figured if people feel the need to complain and cry about stuff they find offensive, and ruin the vibe for the rest of us having a good time, sharing jokes, I should at least let it be known they're a nusance and find some like minded people who know what humor is all about. Having said that, Ill leave you with 
Tennish.
Norse code.
GRAAAAAAAAAAINS!!
It's sweeping the nation! 
"You are the wind beneath my wings."
The Asian girl because the blonde would stop and ask for directions.
He shines a flashlight in her ear.
He's all right now!
Come in different colors.
The optimist will say that the glass is half-full. The pessimist will say that the glass is half-empty. The engineer will say that the glass is 2 times bigger than it needs to be. The politician will say that the glass would be more empty if the opposition were in charge. The project manager will say that the glass is twice as big as it needs to be. The fanatic will say that the glass is full, even though it isn't. The IT support person will say that you should try emptying the glass and then refilling it. Anyone else?
Because it's like fucking close to water.
ctrl+v
A PILOT, YOU RACIST!
Start dating them
2 but how they got in the light bulb I will never know
A hornet!
He was outstanding in his field...
A very shy man walks up to an very attractive young lady who was obviously very experienced, if you know what I mean. The woman sees him and says, "Hi Honey, what'll you have?" Her lustful eyes in full contact with his. "I'm looking for something good. What have you got?", the man replies coyly. He was new to this. "Well... are you a breast man or a thigh man?", she asks with a smirk, thoroughly relaxed with the transaction that was about to occur. The man pauses for a moment. "I'm... Well I'm really more of a... you know... a pussy kind of man."  Shocked, the woman reeled back and called for her manager. It was at that moment he realized that wasn't the most appropriate thing to say to a counter clerk at the Kentucky Fried Chicken. No matter how experienced she was at sex!
...5,6,7,8!
He was on a roll!
It...all...happened...soooooooo...fast
Homeless.
An unoriginal joke
The road crossed him first, man.  The road crossed him first.
A 69 with 3 people watching.
Cheerios
You beat the shit out of her.
A rip-off!
Jello doesn't hit the back of your throat at 120 mph.
Because bears don't have fine   skills
Because they take a fence to that.
They are really down to earth people.
The wheelchair
So you know whether he's coming or going.
Q: What's 72? A: 69 with three people watching.
You can beat a good egg
It gets toad away.
Their bills are over dew
Congress
milk sheikh
HAAAAAAAAAY!
A couple of rolls got fresh. source: Dr. Katz, Profesional Therapist season 6 episode 16.  Yes, the son in this show is the same guy who plays Archer.  This was H. Jon Benjamin's first job apparently and the show is amazing.
A MEOWTAIN.  Told this one at work after two weeks straight of 12+ hours days and laughed so hard I got sent home for the rest of the day to get sleep. To this day, every time I tell it I start giggling uncontrollably... Yep. 
Cause they play the fairway. 
So the Germans can march in the shade
None, because little boys don't fit in a lightbulb.
A sham poo 
Because pepper makes them sneeze
Shedder Cheese!
It says "Hey Shrek, whats up?" (I was 9 when i made this okay)
AWWW YEHP
Because he charges!
He had loco motives.
Get the quarter back.
King Nottocommon
By taking the psychopath. hhhhehehhehe good one right? yeh? no..? ok.
White powerade!
So he can cut corners.
A. Because he was pissed off!
The half-black
Better not say. I feel like I'm already treading on a slippery slope.
A thiefdom.
Argh, shiva me timbers
Cause all the kid's clothes are 60% off. 
Techno.
He got "boar"ed to death.
You put floss over their eyes!
So deaf people can enjoy them too
I heard they woke him up!
Because he was dead!
Because Mr. Sippi is hung like a horse.
One. Never look someone in the eyes. What is the second rule? Two. Never look up.
I can roast chicken but I can't pea soup
Your mom can't take a joke
Nun.
What did the boy say when his dog died?   I'm gonna miss you buddy, you were my best friend.
A Bi-Polar Bear.
You take away their tiny brooms.
An Ambush ;)
Because they use their head.
One of its legs are both the same.
You know he did it
A life sentence.

Tony.
Yoko Ono
A clean sheet.
Because we don't negotiate with chair-orrists.
Missionary style.
ICU. 
A fish.
A-tyre
Pan 
A period piece! 
Hey, why don't you cut me some slacks?
Full
A Bug report
On a plane.
Anyone can roast beef.
There are more birds on that side.
He had locomotives.
Because he didn't wake him up before he went went.  It's  , people.
"Oeuf!"
'Ommm' lettes!
The drunk driver passes a stop sign, the stoner waits for it to turn green.
It was epic.
That's the spirit!
He's considering a Mrs. Doubtfire sequel. 
He was having a coffin fit!
He was sitting.
He hasn't.
(Who?) MY BUTTCHEEKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Answer: A donut hole!
I've never heard any good ones so please give me your best!
Hebrews it
In Iraq.
She got him the wrong kind of blowup doll. 
He became a veteran Aryan. 
What is the opposite of an autistic? A Socialist.
Just stand in the corner of your house, since it's usually 90 degrees
Anything you like - he can't hear you.
He wanted to find a tight seal. 
Nothing - they've never met.
New Cops: Belly with abs. Old Cops: Belly with Fats.
Because he neverlands
It looks like the backstroke, sir.
A cocktopus.
Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. Nice legs. 
None. They just shoot the room for being black. 
A pork-u-pine My brain is dumb
It's the thot that counts.
Because its capital is always Dublin. 
The hippie carrying them around
Whale, whale, whale, who do we have here? Please, this is a cry for help.
He bit the tail off a submarine and sucked out all the seamen.
Dill Dough. 
Silver Mullet
There was a chink in his armor.
Its fucking in tents
a gummy bear
Because they are taken to the hospital if the election lasts more than 4 hours
fünf
Prosecc-oh...
Bang! (빵!)
An antique.
He had a reptile dysfunction (I just made that up but I'm sure it's been thought of) 
The seahorse. 
A socialist.
Because I am stiff below the waist
Chirpes. It's a canarial disease, and I hear it's untweetable. 
ARRRR Rated Movies!
It made him angry. 
I've memorized a lot of jokes from a previous "doctor joke" thread, and need some fresh  material!
When entered on a microwave.
Eclipse it.
He likes dead-'Pan'...
Peace and carrots... Thought this up at work today. I'm sure it's been done before but it made me chuckle...
Cunt!
Because he Neverlands!  You're welcome. 
....Be-fore
I noah guy!
IPA
Hoover fuck said this job would be a good idea?
I don't know, I only fly the drone
Urinate
Because all the replays are in shlomo. 
Because of its silent P.
Guacamole, sour cream, and salsa.
Sacrilegious. 
That's impossible, because they can't climb the ladder.
The stationmaster minds trains while the schoolmaster trains minds.
Clinton-Dix
Aaahhh.
He hates nieeeeeeeeces to pieeeeeecesssssssss!!!!!!!
Newer magazines. (Stolen shamelessly from Seinfeld)
The nun has hope in her soul!
2scooby4doo
Because she was a little tart.
Cuz he musturd. 
I don't know the joke, but apparently he nailed the execution.
bout tree fiddy.
A pilot, you fucking racist.
Nobody's buying it! 
seaweed! lol my friends 12 yr old daughter told us this one 
Robin Williams
IHOP
I woun't pay a 100 bucks for a Gorbanzo bean on my face.
The Wall was their last big hit. (ripped off a dark jokes thread a while back)
An Astronaut.
......because they would sneeze in pepper water.
..accommodating.
Their shackle
He got excited when he was ordered to rub Juan out.
Oh for faux sake!
Proof that skunks and monkeys fuck.
"Sorry guys...I gotta go see about a girl."
Nothing, someone's losing the trailer. -Robin Williams
Q: Why did the ants dance on the jam jar? A: The lid said, "Twist to open."
They're all about force projection.
Because opposites attract.
To get to the same side.
Hahaharvard
If they went forward they would fall into the boat.
Jah bless.

Two. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . IT JUST DOES, OKAY?
Stop laughing and reload.
Lickalottapuss
Because if they had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
To see its smelly friend Knock knock Whos there Chicken!
Finger-prints. 
I heard that Robin Williams will be starring in it
So he'd only get a 2 game suspension for abusing her. 
It goes chew-chew.
Lickalottapuss *I have to give credit to my buddy   for that one!
E-bae... I'll see myself out
Before you get your panties in a bunch, I know I did not make this joke. I heard it from a friend and I don't know how came up with it first. Probably Bill Gates... 
Hasta last vista, baby.
They're rushin'
Because 1 more would have been 240... 
He was half-assing it 
He was walking down the street and turned into a drug store 
Because tatthrees were too expensive.
Nice belt!
Because twitter has an 140 character limit.
'I'm not Willie Nelson' Credit: old joke via: Norm Macdonald
Because he heard the snowblower was coming. 
Karate is a martial art and Judo is used to make bagels. 
2/10 
I didn't lose my virginity to a Ferrari.
A receding hare line.
OP: Uh, I don't know, why? YOU: I'm just trying to figure out how to screw you.
Bunny Farts
Baghdad!
The Darth Mall!
Get a 5th old lady to yell "Bingo!"
Hip hop. 
They all had a brave-heart. 
To get to the oth-TONY STEWART
"Gotta go fast!"
The Grudge at a rave.
It's rated "Arrrrrrrr!"
Stumped.
Memory loss.
I saw this joke in a thread on Reddit but I cannot find the source.  If anyone knows where it is, please comment it!  Not a tasteful joke, more of a "I'm going to hell for laughing at this" type.  There are real websites out there for this, which I personally find neat.
15 to life
Do Re Mi Fa So La Ti No (This is a joke I wrote a loooonnngg time ago, tell me what you think.)
Flip it upside-down.  (sorry in advance) 
His ass
A Chrysler 
They get a fangover.

Minge eater
Because it was pissed off. (Also sorry)
a rip off
SHIT
throw it on the ground and tampon it.
A licalatapus 
9 months.
Tennish
Grandpa is sitting outside smoking a cigar, and his grandson comes up and asks  "Hey grandpa can I have a hit of your cigar?" Grandpa replies "Does your dick touch your ass hole?" He replies no. Grandpa says "sorry you can't" Next day grandpa is sitting outside drinking a beer his grandson comes up and asks  "Hey can I have a drink of your beer?" Grandpa replies "Does your dick touch your ass hole?" He says no and walks away. A couple days go by and thr grandson is sitting outside eating cookies Grandpa comes up and asks hey can I have a cookie? His grandson replies "does your dick touch your ass hole"  Grandpa replies  "Yes" His grandson looks him in the eye and says "Well then go fuck your self grandma made these for me!"
That's all.
It was too tired
Because it scares the shit out of the dog!
What branch of government actually listens to the people?
Syndrome of a Down...
Dre
An egg gets laid before it cracks.
It's easy; just throw in a couple of Boolean cubes.
Wanna go ride bikes?
Jesus didn't walk around Dublin acting like he's Bono.
Because he felt like IT
Plastic Italians.
A coincidence. 
Drench it with gasoline, drop a lighted match on it... Woof!
Mango Lassi
Ka-ta-na-na!
Yeah? Well, how did you get their tiny legs apart?
I can't find it online and I've heard it before. If anyone knows it or can pm a link I would much appreciate it. Sorry if this breaks the rules but I don't know where else to ask. 
Grass, I lied about the wheels! Shnockers
So they know where to stop shaving.
Jesus doesn't have any tattoos of Mexicans.
Because he had anal prolapse.
When it's ajar.
Because there isn't mush-room.
When her sentence starts with "A wise man once said"
He was too open-minded.
None, they just beat the room for being black.
There's a lot less of them than there used to be...
Getting a blowjob at the same time.
I don't know, I just fly the drones.
Because she had no arms. 
Because a Jewish woman won't touch anything unless it's 50% off.
America.
You think its the R! But its actually the C!
A mushroom!
The freezer doesn't fart when you pull your meat out.
Because they can't even.
Tacos. Overheard an old man telling another guy how he lost his farm in Mexico , and how the smell reminded  him of tacos. 
A Pair-a-ducks.
It's fucking intense. 
No on knows. It's a Mister Bee.
Beef-Stroke-Anoff

They taste different.
Q: What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common?  A: One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.
Only one, but it takes the entire emergency room to remove it.
They are both meat substitutes!
Paddy O'furniture
If you had to, you could eat the leather shoe.
They blow themselves up.
Jackdaw Niel's
One Direction
The pilot was a potato.
Farfalle. It always gives me butterflies in my stomach.
Go 'n' Wash
Rape.
Send down four skin-divers 
Having to sit at the back of the oven with the rest of the dirty niggers.
One's weasily recognised - the other's stoatally different

Lay awake in bed wondering if there really is a dog.
Grols
Meeeeeaaaaaaoooooo
Ebola.
Because he was Messi
They admit de feet.
The balls are just for decoration.
The Chicago Blackhawks
Because its brand new and never been used
Elephino...
Throw a penny off. How do you get the other half to jump too? ... Tell them no one found it yet.
Their last big hit was the wall...  :) 
I don't know, but it's not Yeezy being green.
One snatches watches and the other...

Nine. One to do the shoeing, and eight to lift up the horse!
Crimea River
It's intense.
I didn't make an enzyme last night.
Car Keys
Eric Clapton wouldn't let a kilo of cocaine fall out of a window.
Mini-Mum
Why can't they just be the Illuminice?
Punch him in the nose.
Michael Phelps can finish a race.
A small medium at large.
That the Hilbert Hotel didn't book Uncountables.
They were my friends. :(
Twister.
Putos (Ask your Mexican friend)
Look! No hands!

Gravity...
Periodically. 
I love a good joke, but I'm a sucker for skipping ahead. Like, my eyes just skip to the last line for no reason. I read the punchline, and I didn't get any chuckles at all. Does anyone else do this? If it's not just me, do we want start spoiler tagging the punchlines? Or does this cause trouble (like, mobile viewing for example)?
White and black noise.
...because he always drops the bass.
Melt them down into a tire and call it a GoodYear.
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob? If we don't get some support soon, people are going to think we're nuts.
A caneless pimp.
I want that pearl! Don't be shellfish! 
4 if you turn it upside down.
Because there's so much base. 
A Regis Error.
Hasbro.
Paranoid!
Arr matey! 

Queerings
She was a trans-sister! I'm so sorry for wasting your precious mouse clicks on that god-awful joke
They were Putin up with him. 
No, it'snot
Because he would've saved everybody.
Because Korea's missiles can't reach that far.
Attire
The Internship
He counted 1 Mississippi, 2 Mississippi, 3 Mississippi, 4 Mississippi...

Jerry took a bath with bubbles.  Want to hear a dirty joke?  Bubbles is a man.
A walk
Cosmic jokes.
A pilot, you sexist!
the coma ward.
Six: one to screw it in and five to cheer him on loudly while standing in front of other people's bulbs so no one can see them.
Cross Country
Swine flu 
They have great hARRRmony. I'm sorry.
Roberto
Sir Amick
A gardener doesn't want his hose to have kinks.
A father is resting outside on a summer afternoon when his young daughter comes up to him and asks, "Daddy, how did I get my name?" He replied, "Well sweetheart, when you were born your mother and I didn't know what to name you so we brought you home from the hospital and set you down in the nursery. Just then a breeze blew in through the window and a lily petal rested ever so gently on your nose so we decided to name you Lily" Lily gleefully ran away to brag to her sister. The other daughter comes running over yelling, "Daddy Daddy how did I get my name??" Again the father responds, "Well just like your sister Lily, we didn't know what to name you. When you came home from the hospital we laid you down in the nursery to let you sleep. While you were sleeping a fall breeze blew in a precious little rose petal that drifted right onto your little nose. So, your mother and I decided to name you Rose.” Just then the father’s third daughter came stumbling outside yelling an unintelligible, “EEEAahhhhhOHHhhhh” The father quickly responds, “SHUT UP Cinderblock!” 
Antelopes
.... it wooden work
A. With copper wire and strong electric current. (read it in a shower thoughts thread)
So there is this zebra who wants to know if he is black with white stripes or white with black stripes.  He goes up to his brother and says, "Hey brother, am I black with white stripes or white with black stripes?"  His brother says, "I don't know.  You'll have to go ask dad."   So the zebra goes up to his dad and says, "Hey dad, am I black with white stripes or white with black stripes?" His dad says, "I don't know.  You'll have to go ask the leader of the herd."   So the zebra goes up to the leader of the herd and says, "Hey leader, am I black with white stipes or white with black stipes?" The leader of the herd says, "I don't know.  You'll have to go ask God.  He lives on top of that mountain over there."  So the zebra starts heading up the mountain and runs into an old man coming down. The zebra asks the old man, "Are you God?"  To which the old man replies, "No, but is there something I can help you with?" The zebra says, "I'm trying to figure out if I'm black with white stripes or white with black stripes."  The old man says, "That is a perfect question for God.  Let me know what he says."  So the zebra goes to the top of mountain and asks God, "Am I black with white stripes or white with black stripes?" God answers, "You are what you are."   So now the zebra is all sorts of confused, and he's thinking about this answer as he goes down the mountain, when he runs into the old man again, coming up. The old man says, "So? Are you black with white stripes or white with black stripes?"  The zebra replies, "I don't know.  All he said is, 'You are what you are.'"  The old man says, "That must mean you're white with black stripes.  If you were black with white stripes he would have said 'You is what you is.'"
Aunt holes
$5.50 per pound.
I have no idea, but this   looks like a good joke. So post your proposals in comments.
He's now a man trapped in a woman's  body..
She likes him to do the justice lick.
One is a fit bunny and the other is a bit funny
A child asked his father, "How were people born?" So his father said, "Adam and Eve made babies, then their babies became adults and made babies, and so on."  The child then went to his mother, asked her the same question and she told him, "We were monkeys then we evolved to become like we are now."  The child ran back to his father and said, "You lied to me!" His father replied, "No, your mom was talking about her side of the family
Ahhh never mind, it's too long.
Naan-Fiction. 
They tried that but people kept on thinking it was the checkout line at Home Depot.
"I just need some space."
You look for the fresh prints. 
A Brazilian.
Spring water.
Steel Man.
G sus
And if they they have quite a will, surely they are even more nominally determined, and surely if they are only slightly quite willful, surely they are ever more nominally determined, and in fact, because of this, the amount they are nominally determined is so much that they surely their name causes their life to be determined by their name so much that they cannot escape from their (W/w)ill. Hell, I guess you can tell by this long paragraph that nominal determinism is, in fact, my middle name.
Deer's Balls There are always under a buck

In its honey
They have no jobs
gize.
It's pretty swell. And I would tell you about the d-shaped well, but I'd rather not dwell on it.
Throw in your laundry.
They tell you.
With white powder.
A witch.
Neither did he.
Just ice. 
"R?" NOOO!!! It's the Sea!!!
Its kind of a Nietzsche philosophy. 
Together, we can stop this sh*t.
His underwear fit like a glove.
Get off me dad you're crushing my smokes! Or "That'll do pig, that'll do." I have heard it both ways. 
Because sheep can hear a zipper a mile away.
My life :(
Surely they should be called asteroids? :]
One goes *whack* "Fuck." The other goes "Fuck." *whack*
You're my breast friend. 
They're both staples.
A Decibell.

Cuz there's too many cheetahs. 
It was a megabyte. 
A refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
He just quit eating cold turkey.
Father's Day
the camel would get overworked
Red paint.
The ova achiever
Answer in comments. 
M80
Rape culture.
KoRn
hush puppies
Because it will go right over his head
Supplies!, I'm gay.
the iTouch. ( lame but I made it up in class when I was like 15 lmfao)
Hide and go Sikh
A good Samaritan means well, whereas a Jew is just well, mean.
He craved more risk.
Quite a mouthful.
Furlong
One is forced and borderline torture, the other is sex. 
Because their dicks grow to their knees. Negro=knee grow
He rectum 

A happy person has a light heart and ET has a heart light
Because it's got no Seoul!
People are dying to get in.
Punch
Yeahman
To burn some calories.
Christian Bale
The crow bar
They log on
Pillow cases
Pair-o-Medics
Bison
He had a reptile dysfunction.
He came out of the cabinet.
You fuck her.
Nein
One shucks between fits and the other, well...
If we don't get some support they're going to think we're nuts! 
Because he's only got little legs.
He has thrust issues.
They got stoned to death.
Lubrican
A Pastafaryan.
National Dyslexic Association
Burger King forgot to wrap his Whopper.

Amok
Grindcore
The Country!
It's okay though, he said he can stop whenever he wants.
About 3 inches
Gsus
Because his tanks wouldn't stop Stallin'.
A feminist.
Church
He wanted to make sure he was getting the best, the best, the best, the best-a view.
Reddit.
Anderson Pooper
Because it was for chair-ity
A black guy with small 
Q. What do you call a bald teddy? A. Fred bear I don't get it.
He was fucking the chicken.
The Mail Room
Her belly button.
Rub-it
No Idea.  (Hopefully you will get it, repeat twice if you have to) Edit: In case you don't get it, its No Eye Deer. [No Idea]
because he did crossfit...
Double Click! (Okay, Khoisan only.)
Neither did she.
Bob
Enjoy the silence. 
There's no million dollar car in my garage.
A microwave won't Brownen your meat
Eric Clapton would never drop a pound of coke.
It was in tents.

When they come, they are wet and wild, and when they leave they take the house.
He was a-roasted peanut.

Marijuana
Curry-osity
M'Laysia
It's fucking intents
Put a nipple on it.
Cut off his hands
Then it'll be a foot.  I'm so sorry. 
He got cancelled.
You can scrape it off your mom's teeth
Hardcore.
I see dead people. 
...because Ken comes in a separate box. 
Because she refused to work in a mail dominated industry.
Really anything with a strong Heroine
The coming of the lord
AUDI. 
An army soldier
A ripoff.
A pilot you racist bastard
Depends.
Just Juan.
A Bearcooter
One is the ancient art of self defense. The other is what you make bagels out of. 
Little Caesars 
Quack
Deer balls. They're under a buck.
because he's covering an erection!
I can't jelly my dick into your mouth.
A cunt-astro-fee!
Irony.
The new York jets.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
Because the charges wooden stick.   My humblest apologies.  * The case! Drop the case! Ah fuckit.
Einstein's cock.
Busch Light.
Because they literally cannot EVEN right now, ugh!
fly MALAYSIAN airlines and get LOST or SHOT
one with everything
It pulled a mussel. 
Mine keeps correcting into weird things. Like changing "my" into "me", "money" into "gold pieces" and the letter x into "here be treasure". It's a pirate copy.
"I stand corrected." -From 
They made a seamless transition.
Stab them in their right arm and then have a doctor wrap the wound in gauze. The blood will soak up the gauze and turn it red, possibly leaving a white circle on it. They are now a Nazi.
Dre
Nice belt.  ....... Ba dum chhhh! 
They're grounded.
A pilot, you racist.
A Christler I'm so sorry...
Wasabi

Jewish women will leap at anything 15% off. 
Getting into a bit of a .tiff!
She was skipping without her bra
Seriously, how hard is it to feed your potatoes?
A threesome.
Desuball
They have poltergasms
A wet nose.
Both have a 1 in 2 millon chance of being a person someday. 
You Euler up.
You get your drunk ass off the carousel.  Edit: *off Thanks captain.

A seatbelt.
Rasta Pasta.
Wa-TA
He got it before it was cool.
"Statue bro?"
Walnuts
Never mind, you probably won't get it anyways...
Tony Abbott was visiting a Sydney primary school and the class was in the middle of a discussion related to words and their meanings. The teacher asked Mr Abbott if he would like to lead the discussion on the word 'Tragedy'. So our illustrious leader asked the class for an example of a 'Tragedy' A little boy stood up and offered: 'If my best friend, who lives on a farm, is playin' in the field and a tractor runs over him and kills him, that would be a tragedy.' 'Incorrect,' said Abbott. 'That would be an accident.' A little girl raised her hand: 'If a school bus carrying fifty children drove over a cliff, killing everybody inside, that would be a tragedy.' 'I'm afraid not explained Abbott, 'that's what we would refer to as a great loss'. The room went silent. No other children volunteered. Abbott searched the room. 'Isn't there someone here who can give me an example of a tragedy?' Finally, at the back of the room, little Johnny raised his hand and said: 'If a plane carrying you and Mr Hockey, Mr Pyne and Mrs Bishop was struck  by a 'friendly fire' missile & blown to smithereens, that would be a tragedy.' 'Fantastic' exclaimed Abbott, 'and can you tell me why that would be a tragedy?' 'Well', said Johnny, 'it has to be a tragedy, because it certainly wouldn't be a great loss, and it probably wouldn't be a accident either!
I'm not Immanuel Kant. I'm Genghis Kahn!
He was out standing in his field.
Put a nipple on it.
Iambs!
Because they're sitting on a box.
Nothing, she knew what was coming...
What's the difference between a colorful explosion in the sky and a black person? Fire works. 
He's been transferred to a different branch.
...make allegations
A pilot, you racist.
There are footprints in the butter 
He was a master baiter, but they told him to beat it.
They don't know where home is.
¡ Homo Estás!
Electrifying entertainment.
Thanks for the Baghdad.
A Hueman 
Only 12. One for every month.
The PGA tour.
You take off their hats
When you put your hand down her pants you think you're feeding a horse.
With a crowbar.
(This joke?)
Urine for a treat!
A pain in the ass
Luckily the doctors were able to graft him a new pair from his foreskin. The operation was a success, however now the baby's a little cockeyed.
It can turn "no, no, no!" Into "mmm, mmm, mmm"
Supreme Court comes with sour cream and guac. 
OP delivers. Not a great joke, but my wife claims no one will get it. I am trying to prove her wrong.

By looking over you shoulders.

...... ...... ...... I'll get back to you in a few weeks

The Crimea River
WalMart!
2 Changz
a stick.
Works it out with a pencil.
All of them..
A brother, because you can choose your friends.
They can't even.
Put them in the ash tray
He was getting cold, so he turned off the fan
Don't worry, they'll tell you.
She gets to 69 and has a frog in her throat. Edit
Because they are full of antibodies!
Crossfit. Why did the Romans hate Jesus so much? He wouldn't shut up about crossfit.
He's an acidic Jew....
Because once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal.
Derek Bin Jeter
In his 
Semper fries
Christmas in July
"I'm a bundle of nerves right now!"
I don't know and I don't care.
Aw sheet!  One of my favorite, cheesiest jokes of all time. Thought it would be a good first post to Reddit!
Make aedile. 
it has 3 power chords and the lyrics are about being a badass, Thanks!
Robbin' hood
No matter where they are, they'll always make it rain when they dance.
To get to the other side.

It's not hard.
You mech a wish.
A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it.
High Knees
Snow balls
A hegemon.
"do you smell carrots?"
Go fuck yourself.
Dragon balls!
Disoriented.
Dead animals have skid marks AROUND them
The real download button on Softpedia.com
Trans fats. 
He keeps looking for love in Alderaan places
It goes chew chew..
( ):  Hmmm, I guess things are really getting serious between me and my girlfriend, uh, Angie, because I just added the song "Angie" to my favourites playlist.  ( ):  I mean, I don't even particularly like that song.
He had a chicken stapled to his face.
The pilot, you racists.
Neither has he.
there's no kids in hell
Kermits finger
"I'm sorry , I'm not very good at executing punchlines."
Because he had   fever!
...which ever one was more excited. 
I guess, just trying to fit in.
Ground beef
Namaste
"What can I do you for?"
Bad dates.
Michael Phelps can actually finish a race.
Pay for the pizza.
He racism.  
The New York Cock Exchange
Because 7, 8, 9.
Batman can go out at night without Robin. 
Because organ traders offer good price.
It runs in your genes.
Tentacles 
Because he's two Dents.
Bánh mì
Hexlax
meningococcal
Raw raw raw raw raw!
Fur traders
5. The other half is 3.
Cunningham
An enterpreNeuer.
-Offender stole more than he could carry by swimming
Self raising.
A Northern girl says "You can" but  a Southern girl says "Y'all can"!
WOTAHHHHHH
Because the Cock was on the other side!
They both can't even.

HYATT!!!
A rottweiller.
To go to the club on the other side of town. Why did the chicken go to the club? To go to the restroom. Why did the chicken go to the restroom? That's where all the cocks hang out.
Ground beef
Quack
Malaysia Airlines only has been shot down once.
High C!
a Christian Bale
Juan on Juan.
Christopher Sitten
HAND-EYEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!
Even the P is silent.
They each got 6 months. 
cantaloupe ;)
Hey, so are you familiar with my parodies? Yeah my PAIR O DEEZ NUTS!!!
No eye deer. What do you call a blind deer with no legs? Still no eye deer. What do you call a blind deer with no legs or sexual organs? Still no fucking eye deer.
Put it on my bill.
A brick-layer.
"C - Eh - N - Eh - D - Eh" 
Yoghurt has a culture.
Trying to win a new mattress in a contest and I need a clean mattress joke to win (dumb, I know)
Crawl up a chickens ass and wait.
Virgin Mobile
One has a job.
A jew don't tip
I'm still working on it...
I think that is unfair because math loves them. The problem is that math shows its love by playing hard to get.
a retail sto- goddamn it I did it again
A bonesaw
A-AAAAAAYYYYYYYY
He couldn't budge-it!
Thrown out of the petting zoo.
He got shot down.
You put a little boogie in it.
She can't find the eleven. 
Because fuck u  that's why
Two more bullets.
Because they are members of an underground Splinter cell.
Shoot him before he hits the ground
The movie would have been pretty... Neo-Nazi.
I ACTUALLY GIVE A FUCK WHEN MY COMPUTER CRASHES.
Their nose
An impasta.
Because he didn't arbor any feelings!
A magi-chien.
Paint yourself green and throw forks at him/her!
Bigmac and fries please
Namaste.
Russel. 
you dont bury survivors
One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean! Edit: HAHahHAHA OMFG I'm the epitome of hilarity
Quarter pounder with cheese !
I wouldn't pay $100 to have a garbanzo bean on my face.....  :D eh. Eh.?
Freedom.
Because there is no road between the kitchen and the bedroom.
Methy
To get to the other tide!
No Eye-deer! What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no eye-deer! What do you call a deer with no eyes, no legs, and no dick? Still no fucking eye-deer!
ten tickles 
You take the letter "S" out of "sub", and the letter "F" out of "way".
Nothing. Because the blind man can't fucking see him and even if he said something, the deaf man wouldn't be able to fucking hear it.
A tourist
Because it came from the Suez.
I can't jelly my dick up your ass
Because the service was horrible.
It's butt!
A bloody cunt.
Ghandi-rhea
Because its got Seoul.
I don't know, and i don't care..
I am tired of looking for a job.
In the former, man exploits man, in the latter, it's exactly the opposite.
A first-grade teacher, Ms Brooks, was having trouble with one of her students.  The teacher asked, "Harry, what's your problem?"  Harry answered, "I'm too smart for the 1st grade. My sister is in the 3rd grade and I'm smarter than she is!  I think I should be in the 3rd grade too!" Ms. Brooks had enough.  She took Harry to the principal's office.  While Harry waited in the outer office, the teacher explained to the principal what the situation was. The principal told Ms. Brooks he would give the boy a test.  If he failed to answer any of his questions he was to go back to the 1st grade and behave.  She agreed.  Harry was brought in and the conditions were explained to him and he agreed to take the test.  Principal: "What is 3 x 3?" Harry: "9." Principal: "What is 6 x 6?" Harry: "36." And so it went with every question the principal thought a 3rd grader should know.  The principal looks at Ms. Brooks and tells her, "I think Harry can go to the 3rdgrade." Ms. Brooks says to the principal, "Let me ask him some questions." The principal and Harry both agreed. Ms. Brooks asks, "What does a cow have four of that I have only two of?" Harry, after a moment: "Legs." Ms Brooks: "What is in your pants that you have but I do not have?" The principal wondered why would she ask such a question!  Harry replied: "Pockets." Ms. Brooks: "What does a dog do that a man steps into?"  Harry: "Pants." The principal sat forward with his mouth hanging open.  Ms. Brooks: "What goes in hard and pink then comes out soft and sticky?" The principal's eyes opened really wide and before he could stop the answer, Harry replied, "Bubble gum." Ms. Brooks: "What does a man do standing up, a woman does sitting down and a dog does on three legs?" Harry: "Shake hands." The principal was trembling.  Ms. Brooks: "What word starts with an 'F' and ends in 'K' that means a lot of heat and excitement?" Harry: "Firetruck." The principal breathed a sigh of relief and told the  teacher, "Put Harry in the fifth-grade, I got the last six questions wrong... "
It keeps crashing unexpectedly :/
"Robin, get in the car." 
Posthumous Prime
Hibearnation
fathers day is when you thank your dad for not pulling out. mothers day is when you thank your mom for not swallowing you.. or spit you out... doesnt matter.
Mega-sore-ass
Explosive Diarrhea
Because two wongs don't make a white
I had just bought a box of condoms when the cashier asked, "Do you need a bag?" I replied, "No, she's not that ugly."
... Naan sense!
A bucking horse.

He had her pay his tab!
No Gandhi
It's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
The  . Because the lion is not as fierce as it seems...
Jose and Hose B
Juan ton
Whereas the party of the first part, also known as "Lawyer", and the party of the second part, also known as "Light Bulb", do hereby and forthwith agree to a transaction wherein the party of the second part (Light Bulb) shall be removed from the current position as a result of failure to perform previously agreed upon duties, i.e., the lighting, elucidation, and otherwise illumination of the area ranging from the front (north) door, through the entryway, terminating at an area just inside the primary living area, demarcated by the beginning of the carpet, any spillover illumination being at the option of the party of the second part (Light Bulb) and not required by the aforementioned agreement between the parties.   The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not be limited to, the following steps: NOTE: The above described steps may be performed, at the option of the party of the first part (Lawyer), by any or all persons authorized by him, the objective being to produce the most possible revenue for the party of the fifth part, also known as "Partnership."
She worked it out with a #2 pencil.
I don't even like pegging.
they both get laid by mexicans
Dam.
A Ramen Manual.
Shuck it long, and shuck it hard.
Turnip for what

I can't jelly my dick up your ass!
The restraining order
They were itentacle twins.
Sha-neigh-neigh. Thought of it at work.
Because they taste funny
None- that's hardware.
It was a taxes chained-dog acid-cure. 
What do spinach and anal sex have in common?  If you were forced to have it as a kid, you'll hate it as an adult.
He was outstanding in his field
Getting her back into the wheelchair.
attaturk. 
A BMXican.
Christian Bale
dikewondo
A sock takes five toes and a camera takes photos.
We're having a BB.
His family died.
Because that's when they brake fast.
Two. One to put it in and one to complain that he never screws anything anymore.
Fo drizzle.
On the rocks
It runs in your jeans.

Went outside. I didn't know how big it would get. 
Red paint
The Aphid Brothers
He was board to death.
a Kimono
nevermind its so cheesy 
Because it scares the shit out of their dogs.
Because you can't be a fan of hat care and cat hair.
Because you do a one and walk away.
A noodlehead..
Shenanigons
Even though he didn't rank in the top three he still got atrophy.
Because there's a   in the way.
Patience!
"How are you holding up?"
He brews it.
Neckbeard
A cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth.
( ):  Hmmm, I guess things are really getting serious between me and my girlfriend, uh, Leyna, because I just added "All for Leyna" to my favourites playlist.  ( ):  I mean, I don't even particularly like that song.
He has rust issues.
Animals, knock-knocks, chickens crossing roads, whatever - I need new material!  I love you all - thanks!!
When they were asked to spell it, they spelled it: C-eh. N-eh. D-eh.
Slow your roll.
Badmintin' (P.s. I'm sorry, this is terrible)
Because they can.
Because she couldn't finish her sentences. Why couldn't she finish her sentences? He kept eating her periods.
Fo' drizzle. 
"R?" "Aye, ye would think so but 'tis the C he loves!"
Aye matey!
Forte
Brazilians!
Because the creationist did not believe in carbon dating.
Well, not all of them.
One copper coin, two dwarves.
Ugh never mind that , it's pointless.
An unexpected shift in context.
The lesbians, because they leave lickety-split.  Meanwhile, the gay guys are still packing their shit.
To get a better grip on the broomstick.
Because P is silent 
He looks for fresh prints.
beer
They both require chains to work. (no offense to black people intended)
"Oh come on, I'm only cumin!" I was so proud when I came up with this jewel.
The Jews gave him the gas bill.
A snowman blowing his nose!!!!!!!!
Decaffeinated coffee you racist bastard!
No bae Jose
Make it Wayne.
Because I feel really bad about lying to my mom like that
Your mom cant take a joke.
Shit in the living room
Two guys are in a park and see a dog licking it's nuts. First Guy: "Damn I wish I could do that" Second Guy: "Shouldn't you pet him first?"
He had to change his name to J3X CY4
Great. Can I Slytherin? 
Snow White had the excuse of being asleep before letting seven in. 
Iron man is a superhero.  Iron woman is a command. 
By bearing straight
Iron condome
A bi-polar bear.
He wanted to finally get respecced. 
They both have quills. I was really annoyed when I first read Alice In Wonderland as a kid and there was no answer to this joke/riddle, so I just made up an answer. It's not too funny, so if anyone wants to come up with something clever/funnier, be my guest!
A bad gambler
An I-shoulda-pede.
Yes, but you Götze try a little tenderness.
keep the tip. 
Nobody knows!
I gotta drop the cosby kids off at the pool.

"Cri-me-a river!"
Warren
Have YOU ever tried to open a grilled cheese sandwich?
He always leaves you hanging
Text.GetRect()
You just put your lips together and whistle
I'll tell you tomorrow.
Because if you can't Helium or Curium , You'd Barium!
On the second page of Google search results.
His family advertised it as a barbecue.
Somebody threw the towel in.

Because it's prayer conditioned.  I'll leave now....
A stick.
Because then it'd be a foot

They love butts in their mouth
A nocturnal E-mission!!! I came up with this a few years ago and thought I should share with the masses:)
Hi guys, this is my first post in this subreddit and i really need helps with a joke come back and im not sure of this subreddit is the right place but i check the rules and theres no rules about asking a joke so.. Anyway, i was texting with my bestie, we were joking and our last text was like this Me: Its a joke, not a dick, dont take it too hard Her: Jokes are ment to be funny Me: ... ...
Jew jitsu
Like outrageous, dark, funny whatever let's hear!
They were too Cutler-y.
Ho, tell me where my money is!
Nivea milk.
Hebrews it..
Superman is flying around one day when he spots Wonder Woman laying on the beach butt naked. He thinks to himself "I'm faster than a speeding bullet, I could fly down there, take care of my business and be gone before she can blink an eye". So he swoops in, does his thing and disappears into the sky. Sensing the commotion, Wonder Woman cries out "What was that?". Invisible Man replies " I don't know, but all of the sudden my ass hurts".
Warren.
A good urologist.  
U syrup 'em
When i was younger, i used to drink any brand of  beer, but now  i am older Budweiser
He heard they had fresh beets.
Electricity
Because Ken comes in other boxes.
He's a lion in a coma. 
Hodor.
Shakespeare 
They're eternally disappointed by two-can Sam.  
I don't have a Ferrari in my garage.
Just two. The tricky part is getting them in there.
Not many of them know how to dance.
Integration.
To pick up some chicks.

On a shellphone! My 7 year old self was very proud of coming up with this one....
Mein Kraft
Fire in the hole!
Nothing. Are you racist or something? 
She wanted some chicken.
quack
Jeffrey Dahmer!
His pants fit like a glove!!
They caught him stroganoff. 
A horse walks into a bar.  Bartender: why the long face ?  Horse: because I'm a raging alcoholic. 
Tennish
Because he sings lead. (Better read than said.)
One's a crusty bus station, and the others a busty crustacean. 
Stopping it with a shovel. 
the new born white duckling fell into the mud. the filthy, filthy mud.
He turned a leaf and made an entry.
A brazillian
Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame bird? Tame way you caught the unique bird.
Because it was charged with battery!
Füreriously.
Rags to bitches
It was way over my head.
I Noah guy.
I'm bacon!
When it's ajar.
Hold on to your nuts, this is no ordinary blow job!
She eventually overcame her disorder, but then lapsed into compulsive overeating. She gained 300 pounds and died of a heart attack. In the end, she was a round character.
Because he is married
No one knows - every time they pick one up, they end up giving it away. 
They planet.
A Brazilianaire!
Chutzpah is a Yiddish word meaning gall, brazen nerve, effrontery, sheer guts plus arrogance; it's Yiddish and no other word, and no other language, can do it justice. A little old lady sold pretzels on a street corner for a dollar each. Every day a young man would leave his office building at lunch time and as he passed the pretzel stand he would leave her $1.00, but never take a pretzel. This offering went on for more than 3 years. The two of them never spoke. One day as the young man passed the old lady's stand and left his dollar as usual, the pretzel lady spoke to him for the first time in over 3 years. Without blinking an eye she said: "They're $1.25 now."

He doesn't like to be spotted
A puppy eventually grows up and stops whining. Thanks to PuddinHead742 for this one.
He took a vow of Pavarotti.

A Brazillion...
A cannibal.
Weak back.
A Meowntain
Yes, one blew this way and one blew that way.  [Someone wrote a biography about her so I thought I'd throw this one out there to commemorate - Sally Ride:America's First Woman in Space]
She was making quite the habit of it.
Nothing, they're both stuck up cunts
Anyone can roast beef, but no one can pee soup.
stay calm . reload . and try again.
Red paint
To see the poof. Knock Knock? Who's there? The chicken.
Illegal
A pimple waits until you're 13-years-old before coming on your face. 
About a hundred bucks an hour.
so they can come when the prostitute hands the money to the guy
ur jellyfish
They just  .
He's very arcticulate! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
A labracadabrador.
It's a play on words. 
Nothing, both were stuck up bitches.
Amandeep trouble.
I dunno, probably making friends and fitting in
They go phishing
Bach
"Pay attention. I'm only going to show this to you once."
an advent calender all those doors so many possibiltes.
Dad: But its your 12th cup tonight! Son: I know, the baby's room is still on fire.
With little Nazis.
We will  We will  Rock you!
I heard he is all right now.
They can go three weeks without water, but can't go a day without a hump.
Spoiled milk
Because he killed all the Yuenglings.
A honkey
Put him in a synagogue. 
Down ze hall on ze Third Reich!
A privet tutor
If it had 4 doors it would be a chicken sedan!
You put it in, you take it out, then you lose interest!
It was High Larrius 
To get to the other side.
So it won't get too Messi.
Nevermind, it's too corny.
There are always 4 men and 8 wheels on board, 8+4 is 12,  There are 12 inches in a ruler, Queen Mary was a ruler, Queen Mary was the name of a ship, Ships go on water, Fish are in water, Fish have fins, The Fins fought the Russians in the war, The Russian flag has red on it, ........and fire trucks are always russian
Finding a plane in your field.
Dos Eggies
He's still nuts over her.
Nevermind, it's time has passed.
It's arse
A: A mudslide How do you make one? A: Roll a coin down a hill Who is the richest man in India? A: The guy who got the coin
Because you cant take a joke.
Michael J Fox opening a can of coke
It's ok now, he woke up.
A buck an ear
Because freedom rings!
Why couldn't JFK become a boxer? Because he couldn't take a shot to the head.
March 14.
Because, nobody appreciates good friction anymore.

A twatstika....buh dum chh!
Sir cumcised
Grass.  I lied about the wheels. 
What did one eye say to the other? Between you and me something smells.
LET'S GO RIDE BIKES!
Neither of us have finished The Castle. 
Cashearing! (Joke I made up last night at work, so be gentle with me)
Well, Bubbles is back in town and wondering how you're doing these days...
He had   her.
to get to the other side...
Cause he wanted to get along little doggie.
Jesus had 11 guys he could depend on.
A phonygraph
A Spam.
to get to the geno-side.
You can't gargle sand.
Keep the tip.
Giraffic.
My zipper.
Because the steaks are too high. 
Nobody knows.
1001 1 to offer up the bulb and 1000 to scream 'Get in the hole'
The drunk driver will blow through a stop sign without even knowing it was there.. The high driver will wait until it turns green
Elixir
"It's my tummy, and I feed it NOW!"
Because they are always œuf.
Because the last one who had a dream got shot.
Coconut
Juan on Juan.
Because he was a cagey bee agent.
A small medium at large
Because he didn't have the thyme or the plaice.
A Conch.
Incognitoad.
A crummy thief!
You'll have to be a little patient.
Thtop taking the pith out of me!
They drive me up the fucking wall.
"You double timing son of a bitch!"
Twerquoise
I need a joke for a meeting we have tomorrow at work but I cant remember any good ones after following this tradition weekly for the last few months. It must be short with just an opening line and a punchline like this: The punchline doesnt have to be one word of course, but it cant be a long joke. Can anybody remember any good ones?
He heard the snow-blower was coming.
Feyonce
He drank his coffee before it was cool..
Because they can't even
7
That's why I stopped buying condoms.
Nevermind. It doesn't transplant well.
Well, the flag is a big plus.
From the German tank tracks.
NO PLEASE DON'T CUT OFF MY TOE!
Because it was a Number 2.
Oralé, homes!
Because she was a woman
Because they hate exorcising.
Yarrrrrrr Metis!
Dam!
25 years - life 
Speedy Gonzales.
Stranded
Udderly useless.
I wouldn't pay to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
You call him a pilot! you racist!
You can have a penis, and you can be proud of your penis, but don't shove your penis in my face.
Because he tries to keep things Loki...
Brash.
In Albu-quirky.
ICU
George Bush and Al Gore walks into a bar, and the bartender asks "what's up?" Bush says "Well, tomorrow, I'm going to have the troops storm into iraq and kill 2000 Iraqis and one bicycle repairman. The bartender replies "Oh my god, what did the bicycle repairman done to deserve this?" Bush then turns to Gore and patted him on the back and says "See, i told you no one would care about those 2000 iraqis."
STUPID AMERICAN!
Trick question, anarchists can't change anything.
Pro Boner.
Reality
It's ARRRtillery! bonus: A pirate's favourite melee weapon? A scimitARRR
Retards don't wear Black.
It all depends on how you look at it
cyance
What are the similarities between fat chicks and bricks,  they both get Laid by mexicans
 
He got hit by a bus
Ground Beef.
"...Would you like fries with that?"
To get to the idiot's house Knock knock? Who's there? The chicken
A social leper.
Nothing, they were both stuck up cunts.
Because its pecker is on its head!
Aye matey
He kneaded a poo.
Because they don't have any rulers.
A magic show is full of  
Boo-bees (say it out loud =D) NOTE: Not original. My uncle heard it on the radio, told it to me, and I shared it with you guys.
Because they're always high and outside. 
They both get paid by the load.
Cantaloupe.
The only thing left was de-brie
Because there's no mail. (Male)
Bricks.
They call him... 
RubiCon.
Look under his kilt, if it's a quarter-pounder, he's a McDonald. 
His pants had no ballroom.
If it's red on top, fire in the hole.
A man and his young wife were in divorce court, but the custody of their children posed a problem.  The mother gets up and says to the judge that since she brought the children into this world, she should retain custody of them.   The man also wanted custody of his children, so the judge asked for his justification.  After a long silence, the man slowly rose from his chair and replied, "Your Honor, when I put a dollar in a vending machine and a Coke comes out, does the Coke belong to me or the machine?" EDIT: keyboard forgot quote marks
Pepper spray
They both circle your anus searching for cling-ons
Cancer got Jobs
(It helps to know that the capital of Mozambique is Maputo and "puto" is a homophobic slur meaning "gay male prostitute" in Mexican Spanish.) Jokes are a fun way to learn about the world!
Because he's a C sponge!
Luiz Suarez.
Maui.
because there is alot of sin going on.
Dead on the inside...
Laziness is the art of taking rest before getting tired. lol
To see what was on the other side. 
His clean fingers. 
One slip of the tongue and you’re in deep shit.
Zeros and Juans.
Because it saw the salad dressing.
Nothing
So it can reach its head. 
You don't get down from an elephant, you get down from a duck!
A megasaurass.
nun
A booby-trap
Cause they're always in the moo'd!
A tank!!!! PEW PEW PEW!! 
Well I've 'ad me ups n downs, but I've never been pushed to one side...  
She wasn't feeling herself that day.
I don't know, and I don't care.
Because they just cantaloupe.
Barack-oli
Because they don't know the words. 
And why does he paint so many pictures of my parents fighting?
Two for me and one for you.
"The Xbox One"
Karatea   From Fargo Ep. 2
Because number 7 is Luis Suarez, and he'll eat 9, 10, 11 and the rest of your team. (Disclaimer: The joke above is only applicable when he plays for Liverpool)
A gummy bear!
You go on a head, I'll give these two a lift
Nobody knows!
"Did they seasonally adjust that score yet? Oh, and don't even get me started on the horrible weather on our side of the field!"
At least a brazillion dollars...
Sugar Puff Daddy
To steep.
Tea-towl
Someone who is not crazy.  Nomad= No+mad.
You take ordinary tap water and boil the hell out of it. 
Your wife will always blow your bonus!
The iceeu
Shake that blasphemy
Nothing.
He got a little behind in his work.
Because if you take one, he'll drink all your beer
Spay Roses.
Because 7 is a registered six offender
.... because a brazillian things could go wrong
The pope died a virgin
We've all been there. You get home from the sandwich shop, you open the bag, and... wet. Why is it this wet?  Your hands are yellow. You pull an oozing slab of food out of the paper sack. Both sides of the bread have been painted. Every ingredient, every sliver of lettuce or onion, is a bright turmeric yellow. The smell overpowers you, and you pass out, hitting the floor hard. As you lie passively, unmoving, the vinegar-rich abomination hits the floor. There's no hope for the carpeting, and pretty soon, the tangy putrescence is chewing through the floorboards. Your downstairs neighbors hear a sizzling, then a crash as a slimy half-pound demon crashes though their ceiling. They call the police, but by the time help arrives, your sandwich has dissolved their tile floor and eaten through concrete. It's in the sewers. It's in the water pipes. Everything is yellow, yellow forever. Soon the sandwich will reach hell itself and awaken the slumbering condiment titan, the one they call Legion. What I'm saying is, maybe we could put a little bit less mustard on deli sandwiches! An edible amount, is about the amount I'd shoot for.
Because he was biting.
Artificial intelligence.
A first-grade teacher, Ms Brooks, was having trouble with one of her students.  The teacher asked, "Harry, what's your problem?"  Harry answered, "I'm too smart for the 1st grade. My sister is in the 3rd grade and I'm smarter than she is!  I think I should be in the 3rd grade too!" Ms. Brooks had enough.  She took Harry to the principal's office.  While Harry waited in the outer office, the teacher explained to the principal what the situation was. The principal told Ms. Brooks he would give the boy a test.  If he failed to answer any of his questions he was to go back to the 1st grade and behave.  She agreed.  Harry was brought in and the conditions were explained to him and he agreed to take the test.  Principal: "What is 3 x 3?" Harry: "9." Principal: "What is 6 x 6?" Harry: "36." And so it went with every question the principal thought a 3rd grader should know.  The principal looks at Ms. Brooks and tells her, "I think Harry can go to the 3rdgrade." Ms. Brooks says to the principal, "Let me ask him some questions." The principal and Harry both agreed. Ms. Brooks asks, "What does a cow have four of that I have only two of?" Harry, after a moment: "Legs." Ms Brooks: "What is in your pants that you have but I do not have?" The principal wondered why would she ask such a question!  Harry replied: "Pockets." Ms. Brooks: "What does a dog do that a man steps into?"  Harry: "Pants." The principal sat forward with his mouth hanging open.  Ms. Brooks: "What goes in hard and pink then comes out soft and sticky?" The principal's eyes opened really wide and before he could stop the answer, Harry replied, "Bubble gum." Ms. Brooks: "What does a man do standing up, a woman does sitting down and a dog does on three legs?" Harry: "Shake hands." The principal was trembling.  Ms. Brooks: "What word starts with an 'F' and ends in 'K' that means a lot of heat and excitement?" Harry: "Firetruck." The principal breathed a sigh of relief and told the  teacher, "Put Harry in the fifth-grade, I got the last six questions wrong... "
...a guy asks the bartender as he sits down. The bartender agrees so the guy reaches in his bag and pulls out miniature piano. "A miniature piano?" The bartender scoffs. "My kid has one of those." Then the guy reaches in his bag again and pulls out a one foot tall man. The little man sits down at the piano and starts playing away as the bartender watches in amazement. "That's phenomenal. A deal is a deal, your drinks are on the house. Where in the world did you get him though?" "I found a genie, and he gave me one wish," the guy replies. "That's an amazing story," the bartender says, "but why the hell did you wish for a 12 inch pianist?"
Eat chicken and watermelon then wash it down with grape drink.
Their flag is a big plus. 
Because Freedom Rings. 
The finish line at the Boston Marathon.
Her Miscarriage.
Linkin Park.
Because he was taking the pith. /gets coat. bai.
the National Dyslexic Association
My grandma doesn't die when I fuck her.
'Cause he has infinite degrees of FREEEEEDOM!!!
She has a tampon behind her ear and she can't find her pencil.
Smack that bitch and tell her to get back to work.

Sue.
I don't know, and I don't care one way or the other.
You black male.
I'm not sure, but I know 
Half time, they get to switch sides again 
He went up on a guy.
With a look over the shoulder.
I used to like tractors, but I don't anymore.
Once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal.
Because he was suspended ! EDIT : Mistyped title : Why Jesus didn't play in FIFA World Cup in 33 ?
Its worth it!
Ghetto
Hey! We really DO taste like chicken!
A wanton one-ton wonton.
The other day I was walking down the street and I saw a man with a dog on a leash. I approached and asked "does your dog bite?" He said no and I as I reached down to pet the dog it jumped up and bit my hand. I was little upset and said "Hey I though your dog didn't bite!" To which he replied "that's not my dog."
Because it can't drive a car without making it all denty.
Because there aren't any free erections.
Because he was a little behind on Rent!
Unix.
An  -tuary!
I guess you haven't rolled it down far enough.
"I don't have time for your ship."
Moped
Call a toe truck.
bae's theorem
Well, last week was my birthday. My wife didn't wish me a happy birthday. My parents forgot and so did my kids. I went to work and even my colleagues didn't wish me a happy birthday. As I entered my office, my secretary said, "Happy birthday, boss!" I felt so special. She asked me out for lunch. After lunch, she invited me to her apartment. We went there and she said, "Do you mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute?" "Okay," I said. She came out 5 minutes later with a birthday cake, my wife, my parents, my kids, my friends, & my colleagues all yelling, "SURPRISE!!!" while I was waiting on the sofa... naked. 
Because it wasn't feline well
A. A pilot...you racist
Shake that blasphemy 
The south shall rise again!
An EULer spill
Because storm troopers always miss.
I rock. You Rock. We Rock.  Disclaimer: This joke was made during a 6 hour road trip with the family. My only scenery was rocks. 
Because he's dead.
Two marks.
A Brazilian.
15 years.
They're both short essays.
A cold shoulder
Two test tickles. 
I can go to sleep with a light on
A polygone!
The teabag stays in the cup longer.
Diego wop wop wop .
Bicepsual.
A rebel without applause. 
he was up all night, wondering if there was a dog.
Eclipse it.
An anti-derivative. 
RUN! She's got a grenade in her mouth!
I don't   lobsters!
The Holocaust
They are putting lines in your face!
Well, one you shuck between the fits and the other...
A carrot. 
He grounded him.
Park your car, man.
Because the cell doors was still locked
Gets jalapeño business.
The creativity of this sub-reddit.
The polar bear.
The Lakers . (Laker fan here. Sorry prob would have been more appropriate last week during the finals. ) Edit: I heard this some where the other day. I can't take credit for the joke . 
The referee
Trying to fit in.
No idear.
Hodor.
Not being retarded. 
HEY HEY!!!!
At the bottom of the fifth the bags were loaded.
The teabag stays in the cup longer.
How come when a woman is pregnant, people rub her tummy and say, "Congratulations" but no one rubs the guy's balls and says "Good job"?!
Bison.
Hitler stopped trying at 6 million.
The Yellow Fellow. 
Everyone can roast beef
...Yeah, it's a real hole in the wall.
A Nantucket.
lettuce pray
...A tea bag stays in the cup longer!
TENTACLES! 
Doctor, you racist son of a bitch.
Subduction!
If they were forced on you as a child you probably don't like them as an adult.
Because she's dead.
A brick.
Because he didn't want to fall into the cup of hot chocolate.
The fallopian tuba. 
The Mediterranean Sea
i turn women gay all the time.
He was killing two birds with one stone
68, because at 69, you eat it.
Acne doesn't cum on a boys face until he is 13.
Because they're cheetahs.
No idea.
Not much, but the flag is a big plus.
A crackhead buys crack so he can put it into his pipe and burn it. A John pays so that he can put his pipe into a crack that might burn him.
I don't know, I left early.
Attractive.
Urine.
The one with the smallest 
It is possible that UFOs exist.
Because they are always right
Too much overhead.
Because Noddy won't pay the ransom!
He had a lot of aspirations. 
I heard they played like Shiate'
Slow down and use some lube

Both should have said no to the latest update. 
Push him down a hill. BONUS: How do you make French Wine? Invade.
They're on your buccan head!
Talk about a meatier shower!
It was time to split. 
A titty bear.
...Depends.
Both cum on your face when you're 13. How are Roman Polanski and body hair similar?  Both cum on your ass when you're 13.
they're afraid of natural light
So you would never know what side he was on.
Haaaaaay!
Because it feels like a wizard's sleave.
 "Cabaret Sauvignon"  What's the director's favorite drink?  "Cabernet Show-must-go-on" ... maybe this is more appropriate for   
A señor citizen.
Middle East
There's 20 of them.
Ten tickles.
They've never been spotted.
Take me to the airport.
Because he was a cheetah.
Because it's BS. Yea that was bullshit. Fine I'll cut it out..
The woman coming out of church as hope in her soul!
It was intense
Ground beef.
You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna! Don't ask me about the bucket of glue though... I've been stuck there for a while
Because he didn't want to get the cold shoulder.
Even the pool tables have no balls
I bet you haven't; he died laughing. 
A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
Cast iron.
A shout out goes to   for the thread where this was originally posted: And also to   for the setup:
Because freedom rings.
Asbestos he can.
He always gets stuck on 2 Across.
The Ghanarena
Sin language 
You use an o-silly-scope!
Roberto! 
I see frozen peas are cool this time of year. ..you might say that's a corny joke, but it's really not. It's a pea joke.
Def Leppard. 
James Blunt
She never saw it coming!!!
Shuriken
Fiancée
It was too self-loafing.
I washed my car today and after doing so I sat down and had a cold beer.  The day was really quite beautiful and the drink facilitated some deep thinking on various topics. Finally, I thought about an age old question: Is giving birth more painful than getting kicked in the nuts? Women believe that giving birth must be way more painful than a guy getting kicked in the nuts.  Well, after another beer and some heavy deductive thinking, I have come up with the answer to that question. Getting kicked in the nuts is more painful than having a baby; and here is the reason for my conclusion. A year or so after giving birth, a woman will often say, "It might be nice to have another child." On the other hand, you never hear a guy say, "You know, I think I would like another kick in the nuts."
Two Wongs don't make a Reich 
Well I hear he's back in town. Source: The Amazing Jeffery 
They're into pussies.(; 
It was Terror bull.
Cause his mom was in a jam. :(
Half of a worm in half of a cherry.
A socialist who wants to be king!
The nun has hope in her soul.
Pole Position
A-lemon-tree my dear Watson.
The feel the leash go slack! (heard this one while listening to some irish tunes)
The Miami Heat flag.
How did you get your nose between its legs?
They didn't believe in integration.
Roll up her sleeve.
Yoko Ono
Hazelnuts are normally around $1.50/lb, deernuts are always under a buck. 
It Herzegovina 
Shoes wisely
the veins 
She had no arms
Lmayo.
A member of the Queen's guard doing a single squat.
She threw away all of the W's.
1 corpsepower
The Mos Eisley can't even.
Kill his family.
Christopher Walken
He's been underground for five years now.
Not z, that's for sure.
The Marquis de 
A God Dam!
When you pull your meet out of a freezer it doesn't fart
Well they said the wedding was okay, but the reception was awesome!
Nothing, they were both stuck up bitches
Having to go inside and ask for a coat-hanger.
The French flag!
Right now, I don't have a Lamborghini ;)
He was knotty. 
The mass * acceleration is strong with you.
An eggsy-stench-alist.
Pierre to Pierre.
Period films
Log jam.
In his sleevies.
Porn.
Yeah. I saw it coming too.
Anybody can roast beef, but it takes a special skill to pea soup.
Put it in the oven until it's Bill Withers
Chimp handsfree
He didn't want to be spotted.
Me open up.
They get jalapeño business. 
You pokemon.
In little nazis
Avo, CA does.
A threeway
Engage.
Tennish

Because It wanted to come before the egg.
The chicken, eggs don't cum.
They're too shell-fish!
Cantaloupe...
Tennish.
Dokken
Ivana Pulyova
Nothing
One is a Snack Cracker and the other is a Crack Snacker!!
See ya next month.
A Salad Shooter
......Bloke chaps. Play me off Johnny!
Never mind, there's no point. 
They both get clubbed by Norwegians...
Because he couldn't find a Date!
He locked the bass player in the car.
Four rosters of boners & you'd want to die too.
He didn't see a porpoise...
Qwack
They make up everything.
Because I put on the wrong socks this morning. 
Because SJP kept eating the script.  Come on, someone has to have something better than me for this. 
One.
Because it was rated "PG"
Cancer. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
None.
I'll be Bach
Peter Pansky
Slow down and grab some lube!!
A wireless notwork
What's the difference between jam and jelly? I CANT JELLY MY COCK DOWN YOUR THROAT!!!
Ceasefire 
He had to get a C-PUP machine.
It rhymes when they say. "Keep at eye out for a coyote."
GRAAAAAAINS!
Because it's too hard on the donkey.
Because dey go baa...
It takes longer to pick up.
She's just a country!
FREEDOM RINGS
Because she was a-Kraid to. Now I think about it, this joke is a bit more "Riddle-y," than say an actual joke.
Typing withw my peniuasd 9damnit!)
COOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Because they literally can't even.
Poo!
It's a fish.
A Brick.
A lickalottapuss
You wouldn't know, it's kind of an obscure number. Edit: I get it, this joke is just too far-fetched for you mainstreamers to understand.
Unique up on it! How do you catch a tame rabbit? The tame way. All thanks go to my father, I'll show myself out.

He wanted to get a long little doggy
Hebrews it
About halfway between Dayton and Marion
Greece! (courtesy of my ten year old)
I don't know but they sure are Russian.
You get some hoes and they get dough for you.
Never mind, it's too cheesy.
The Hare Force
In the main stream
Yeah but it doesn't work there assholes are too small.
No strings attached.
Cause they can't stab them in the back
A hallucination.
N and Y. 
Because the Paracetomol
He really had loco-motives.
Ears!
A Sandy Hook survivor!!
The Kurds have their ways
One to unscrew it, and one to hold the     ladder. 
Gets jalapeño business.
Irene.
Go for the juggler…
Scotch tape.
Lean beef.
Two cows.
There's twenty of them.
Vampliers
unique up on it. (im sorry)
Um what's her name? Blonde girl, Reece someone .... "Witherspoon?" No, no. It was with a knife. 
Dam. What did the dam say to the fish? Dumb bass.
It's a riot.
because they're too poor to afford chairs.
A blood-light
Aqua-Vlad
Hebrews it
It was a high school.
You would too, if you had crabs on your bottom!
Icy dead people!
The short ones are never good.
Trilobite, you'll love it!
With Twitter the number of characters do not go down with time
Finnish Hymn!
Depends on how many cops planted it there
Outstanding in his field
It has two bytes and no memory
With a pair of Caesars!
He couldn't stand all the racket!
Someone saw the face of Ralph Waldo Emerson on a tortilla.
He had no   to go with!!! As told by a Professor, in a serious Aerospace class, reading off of Laffy Taffy.
Just Juan
So the Mexicans can window shop.
Depends
"We will never be Royales."
A mega sore ass 
The first couple of times you cough, the loogeys aren't yours!
A mosquito can "fly", but a fly can not "mosquito".
One has hope in her soul...
Dick
Because the last time he took political orders from a Bush, his country went mucking around in the Middle East for forty years.
He got the bill for gas
Eat-a-lotta-puss
Cos Lettuce
Because it gets past-your-eyes (pasteurized)
Too soon, man. 
Oops i forgot it. .
Bologna.
Because he crawls in his hole during winter.
A new last name.
Someone who is outstanding in his field.  Credit: Laffy Taffy
The toilet. It always takes all the shit.
It's a really obscure number, you probably haven't heard of it.
None, they'll just compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw. 
A mazal tov cocktail
Cat-has-trophy. Such punny. Much Cringe. 
It stops you eyes from sticking together.
Because they can't even
Barium
YemenHeads
"You dumb motherfucker!"
"I see the floor in your plan."
An impasta
You can negotiate with terrorists
You're too young to smoke!
Cuz he be Ilyn. 
When Joseph served in Pharaoh's court
Two feet of my cock in your ass.
Two unemployed Irishmen walk past a police notice board with "two black men wanted for rape" first one says "fucking niggers get all the best jobs"
Keep the tip!
He ran into trafiki.
A pair of slippers! :D
The Strokes
Nobody eats rice pudding.
He was looking for pooh.
In little nazis!
No i-dear What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no i-dear
WATAAAH! 2.What is Bruce Lee's favorite hamburger?  WHOPPAH! 3.Which hotel does Bruce Lee stay overnight?  HYAAAAATT!
The directions clearly state: "Rinse, lather, repeat"
Put it in the oven until its bill withers.
A smallrus.
Dad doesn't piss all over his dinner. :D
It was a ranged marriage.
Because all proper tea is theft.
Fucking hertz.
He just came out of nowhere 
He was paid per word.
Up Djibouti!
aggregated basalt
Forest gunk.
plague-arism
They saw him getting blown in the back seat.
Castro-intestinal distress.
It needs more space.
Elephant grape sine theta.
Nothing, you can't cross a vector and a scalar.
The former has a cunning array of stunts
Incase onion rings
He only does brojobs.
A walk. 
He said, “Hey, everybody! I AM JESUS CHRIST!” and then jumped into a pool believing he could walk on water. He sank right down to the bottom. He was totally diluted.
corduroy
I'll be Bach.
"I don't know"   Wanna go for a picnic?
Conditioner Gordon.
Ground beef!
Because it'd look bloody stupid with six inches.
Lentil next time.
Propanic Depression
A dictator.
Taco Bell's Cannon
A bone cause all the bitches run after it
Its musk
They came in like a wrecking ball.
— Actually, I don't know, son. And I don't give a shit.
The Child Predators. 
At the Chocolate Mint.
They're both assholes who can't commit.
It has its ups and downs.
I have kleenexes.
He was surrounded by phone-ys!
I'll start What is the difference between chopping up a baby and an onion? - chopping up an onion makes you cry.
Cut a hole in the ice, place peas around the hole and when the Polar bear comes up to take a pea, you kick it in the icehole. :)
Meat Patty.
Crimea River
Their capital is always Dublin. Hehe
I wasn't a big fan of the idea
I don't know, but it isn't  !
I need some good jokes about deli and or the meats and cheeses sold in them. 
A boy fell in the mud. Want to hear a clean joke? The boy took a bath with bubbles. Want to hear a dirty joke? Bubbles is the girl next door,
Brooklyn 
Homiecide
Just one. But it takes 20 episodes
"You discussed me!"
Because they push back harder. 
Because there's no rust for the wicked
None. Lightbulbs promote rape culture.
The Sachs
Tree O'clock!
A BokBok...
One is an array of cunning stunts!
They constantly discuss productivity GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAALs.
Depends on how thick you slice 'em. 
Because they literally can't even.
His dick tastes like shit.
MORE TIME-TRAVEL JOKES! when do we want them? RIGH
Because Seven is a super creepy movie.
Just cos.
in his sleevies!!!
Because icing is not allowed.
NONE OF YOUR DAMN BUSINESS! AM I BEING DETAINED?
Nothing. They just waved...
He was always dropping the bass. 
The Meatball
Batman can go out in the night without robin.  
He just couldn't find the guys angle!
To remind black people they picked cotton before they sold drugs.
One.
Because only Siths deal in absolutes.
A sandwitch
Twitter only allows 160 characters
Don't be silly, feminists can't change anything!
Mitosis
Ze-bras!
A brick.
A can't opener. 
Rrrrrrrrrrrr Kelly 
Weedicide.
The "p" is silent.
piece of cake
It's the only thing that they get something  straight inside a woman's head.
20 after 1.

A guy is walking down the street and sees a brown lump ahead. "Is that dog poo?" He thinks to himself. He approaches it to examine if it is dog poo. "Well it looks like dog poo." He bends down and sniffs it. "Smells like dog poo." He grazes the substance with his finger. "Feels like dog poo." His finger scoops up a part of the poo, and he licks it. "Tastes like dog poo.... Yep, this is dog poo alright." "Well, good thing I didn't step in it."
"I'll take a shot"
Good hiders, aren't they?
Take the "F" out of "free" and the "F" out "way". ... (there's no effin' way)
Because they are always stalin.
They always leave a piece of themselves behind.
Gerald Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzgerald.
She thought it was diet coke.
Aye Matey!
Hebrews it
Guac-a Guac-a!
You don't tell her anything anymore, you've already explained twice.
Because it was pissed off.
Because they always take things littorally
Cell culture.
Wipe it off and apologise.
He did the wurst. 
Kendrick Lamarrghhhh
A frog if you throw it hard enough...
A prick
Holy shit.
It's the world's quietest pervert. 
a Barker Lounger !
Nice shades. (sorry)

elifino
A parsnip.
Μμ
To keep geese from speeding!
IT'S R/AWW!!
Follow the fresh prints.
Because an apple a day keeps the doctor away.
It's a quickie....but you do it yourself
Denim denim denim....
A rip off.
a stick :) haha (yes i know its super lame)
Shanghai
A taxidermist takes only your skin. [Mark Twain]
Porque Siete ocho Nueve!
When he was told to "go big or go home," he only had one option.  (I've posted this joke here before, but I believe I've been the first, so if you recognize it as a repost it's because I wanted to tell it again!)
Because he swept for 20 years.
College professor asks students , "  There is so much so going on about big data right now so What is big data ?" John responds , " Sir, its like teenage sex.  Nobody quite understand it, everybody says know how to do it and claims to have done it and tell stories about how amazing was it everyday"
The wheelchair
How should I know? I just fly the drones.
A little bitch
One's a Goodyear, and the other's a great year. x/post from 
Their lipstick.
Your Dad and I are getting a divorce. 
A zebra.
None. They just sit around and compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw.
Both are fucking close to water.
Microsoft 
The American rabbit goes hippity hop and the French rabbit goes lickety split!
Give me some good jokes I can laugh at that are casual enough to be put into a conversation or just tell me some jokes I can laugh at. One liners are preferred but story jokes can be fun as well
They both come on little crackers!
their middle name
"Hello ladies"
They glazed into each other's eyes
he was snowden
Dafeat
The pig fell in the mud.
Because they've been lied to all their lives about how long "8" inches   is.
Check, mate.
Jose 
Male Boxes. 
It's got great food, just no atmosphere..
GET OFF ME HOMES!
Jose can you see
Because they have no pits.
"None of your beeswax!"
Because the P is silent!
...the radiush.
Horns in the back Asshole up front.
A colour scheme.
A hooker that just won the lottery
His name was Mike Dyson.
To remeber the black man of what he did before he dealt drugs.
It is as close as they can get to making love to a tree.
They always pick it up pick it up pick it up.
TosTADA!
I wore the wrong socks today :(
None, they'll compliment it, but then get pissed off when it doesn't screw.
Infidel Castro
They're full of Iraqi semen.
She couldn't stand making Kermitments
Chiseled.
Head over heels
"The Kaaay Kaaay Kaaaaay!"
As a teacher, its very hard to know where to stand in class. At the front where you cant see the students but can write on the board, or at the back where you can see the students and not write on the board. Its not an easy decision to make, not by a long chalk
Wind chimes.
Mike Jones is Still Tippin'.
Because days of fuchsia passed
Dropping some ill beets.
I can't peanut butter my dick down your mom's throat. 
Hee broo
By giving her a Brazilian wax first!
None.  The lightbulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.  
AS you read this imagine the voices in a french accent. World famous mime Marcel Marso heard about an up and coming new talent from Quebec Canada named Jean-Guy Rubberboot. Marcel thought why not challenge him to a mime off! So their agents get in touch and the even gets set. Plans are made for a major press release for the greatest mime battle in history to happen at the Saint D'ni Theatre in Montreal. The theater sells out and the media swarms to the event.  Jean Guy walks up on the left hand of the stage. Marcel walks out on the right.  Jean-Guy raises his fist with the index finger extended. Marcel raises his fist with 2 fingers extended. Jean-Guy raises a clenched fist. Marcel cups his hand in a ring. Suddenly Jean-Guy makes an X over his hips and thrusts towards Marcel. Marcel shaken loses focus and runs off the stage. The crowd goes wild and reporters swarm after Marcel. "Marcel, Marcel, what happened?" Marcel replied. "We walk on stage and he show me the sign for the 1st power. So I replied with the 2nd power. He said he had a grasp on the world. I said I had a grasp on reality. Then, he thrust his hip, and make an X! I don't know what the fuck! So I give up." Well now Jean-Guy walks off stage and the reporters swarm him. "Jean-Guy how did you win?" Jean-Guy said "I walk up and say, I stick 1 finger in your ass. He say to me I stick 2 finger in your ass. I say I stick my fist in your ass. He say it will not fit. I say I MAKE IT FIT."
Magento
No, you have to charge it.
I can run a 5k pretty well but these 10ks are killing me.
Your mom can't take a joke.
 (credit to one of the writers from Bob's Burgers).
Data. Credit: Her (movie).
Customer: Oh I just moved the potatoes and there it was!
never mind, just forget about it, it's probably over your head.
Asparagus...
Shlo-mo.
An aunt-eater.
Because he killed all 144 characters -stolen from 
A dick in a box
They knew no one would come.
For looking at kitty porn.
All they found was a dead beetle...
Because if you just take one, he'll drink all your beer.
Hebrews it :D 
A golfer goes, Whack! Damn!  And a skydiver go Damn! Whack!
All their best work is behind them
Because the Indians just kept coming, and coming...
Because their liquor is strong and their women are hairy.
Boo-bees ! 
FawnDoo! Nailed it.
R and J
They  allel park
Kick the alter boy in the chin ;)
8008132
Because his dick was stuck in the chicken.
So blind people can hate them to
One to drop it and six to pick it up pick it up pick it up
The leisure centre. 
I don't know, I just fly the drone.
He dumped his girlfriend...  
Ba-na-na-na! 
Because they can't even...
My zipper
A fsh.
Telling your parents that you are gay.
It's fine, he woke up.
Irene.
Because he felt like bacon. :P
He heard the ref was blowing fowl. 
Satisfying 
They are both in bread.
The wheelchair.
A-Men.
They're making headlines!
Two jews fighting over a penny. 
Because you wore the wrong sock today. While I'm up here on the moral highground, let me tell you about poor little Ukurugenzi. Ukurugenzi is an 8-year old Kenyan orphan who walks 11 miles to his mud-hut school every day. With your donation of just 25 cents a day, we can buy a whip and make that lazy bastard run.
You just make fun of it, and it cuts itself!
The nun has hope in her soul.
Ass fucking cunt bitch just one cocksucker whore
A P. Because it's like an ARR, but it's missing a leg.
Quackers.
Piratechnics!
Heblew.
He was the odd Nguyen out.
Not all men.
I thought you said you'd never forget.
A firecracker
I guess the eggplant came first! I work at a grocery store and a guy in the produce department told me this. He thought it was hilarious
The farmer shucks between fits.
Some idiot pulled it out to late
Because the competition is stiff. 
A jack-off all trades.
Such number as may be deemed necessary to perform the aforementioned task in a timely and efficient manner within the structure in which said bulb is housed and being dependent on the following variables: Whereas it should be taken in to account that ceiling heights may differ significantly from fixture to fixture, the altitude of defective bulb must first be determined upon which point the lawyer or lawyers shall at their option choose an appropriate means of elevation including but not limited to a chair, stepstool, table, or ladder; Whereas the height of said means of elevation may require support depending upon the altitude, trajectory, and any encumbrances including but not limited to furniture, stairs, load bearing members, and columns; and Whereas the bulb must be disposed of depending on the type of bulb in a manner consistent with all applicable state, local and federal statutes; The answer to the aforementioned question can only be answered in one way.   It depends.  
Tried to jump 47 niggers with a steamroller.
An Eggsodus.
They'll both make you one with everything. 
There were no FAT-alities, but everyone felt really, really dead.
A pick pocket snatches watches. 
cantaloupe
Macaque
China!
Two psychotherapists pass each other in the hallway. The first says to the second, "Hello!" The second smiles back nervously and half nods his head. When he is comfortably out of earshot, he mumbles, "God, I wonder what   was all about?"
A ginger bread man
He tripped a fan
An oak and a maple were standing at the edge of a bluff gazing out over the vast expanse when they noticed a young sapling in the glen below.  "Oh look," said the oak. "A young son of a beech." "Actually I think it's  son of a birch," said the maple. They turned to a male woodpecker hammering away in a nearby box elder. "Hey Woody," the oak called out. "Would you mind flying down and checking out that young sapling in the glen? Maple here says it's a son of a birch but I think it's a son of a beech." The woodpecker flew down and a few minutes later came back, perching on one of the oak's branches. "Well," he said. "Turns out you were both wrong. That is the finest piece of ash this old pecker's gotten into in a long time."
Well... none. But their friend did once. 
Hogwarts.
They had a hung jury.
Because there horns don't work. :)
Korean Barbecue.
They were in the same grade!!
"Hey dude, what's your moms name?" "Sarah" "How do you spell it?" "S-a-r-a-h" "No, haha you spelt it wrong!" "Bitch, I'm pretty sure I know how to spell it" "No you don't" "Fine, how do you spell it?" "I-t"
It's called 2fast2furherious.
Just one she hokds the blub and the world revolves around her.
About six drinks
He needed a kid knee transplant.
It takes two to make a dingo write.
A Robber Ducky!  
I don't know, I couldn't hear him through the door.
Because he knows it's a waste of time, it's impossible to get a Muslim to take a shower
'cause you can't Shaka Zulu.
I don't know about the piano, but she sucks at the organ.
He was Bjorn again. 
The hooker stops fucking you when your dead.
An answer panzer!
Cast Steel! Bahahahahah! You know! Cause it has a poor dampening value it vibrates so much! They um. They both vibrate. Well ok. One vibrates, the other reciprocates. That's kinda... Hehe. Heh.  Reciprocate my humor damn it!

Dr. Dre
a shellocopter.  damn homies 
A stick.  
Having to see your ex at family gatherings.
Toucan
Very little, he brews. 

If you have a son, there's only one penis you have to worry about. 
You can't hear an enzyme.
A kangajew
Because Hitler at least wrote his own books
It's Terminal. (OC joke.)
Two, one to change the bulb and another to hold the penis. ladder! I meant ladder.
Nothing.  (It's a cucumber.  (They don't talk.))
she had no arms
To protect himself from UV Rays
He chose to walk the world barefoot which caused he feet to blister a thousand times over. He ate only bugs and berries that he found in nature which caused him to became very frail. This diet also caused him to be plagued with horribly bad breath. He was known as the Super Calloused Fragile Mystic Hexed by Halitosis.
The Holocaust
An impasta.
She does netwerking!
What did the NSA agent say when the blizzard hit? Looks like we're snowed in.
Misoyaki!
Oprahs Black
he was out-standing in his field.
What is a carpenters dream girl? Flat as a board, skinny as a nail and easy to screw.
I don't know the exact number, but many Hans make light work.
Because they'll take them too hard.
Artificial Intelligence.
because he kisses his mother with that mouth.
He walks into a bra. 
They think, therefore they ARRRRRRRR!
They both came in a little behind.
If they had 4, it would be a chicken sedan!
Having a pair of legs...... I know, I know, I'm going to hell
It could be R and the C, but they definitely aren't OC.  
A whore doesn't always suck cock. 
Mandel broth Ha ha ha The puns I make up while working as a grocery cashier..
Virgin mobile
...you give him space.
They go to Y'arrgggghhh sales. 
The teacher asked Jimmy, "Why is your cat at school today Jimmy?" Jimmy replied crying, "Because I heard my daddy tell my mommy, 'I am going to eat that p*ssy once Jimmy leaves for school today!'"
Habit
Because she moans with the other.
"ARGHH! You're driving me nuts!"
You'd think R but it's the C he loves!
Finding a treasure chest with no booty.
You'd think it would be "Arrrr" but it's actually the C.
"Arrrrr?"  Nope... you'd think so, but it'd be the "C." 
They both murder on the high C's.
Na na na na na na na na BAT MAN What do you say when a stolen Batmobile drives by? Na na na na na na na na BLACK MAN
Yo im sicker than a disease you nasty like split peas, i need g's so i can get paid like i was a pornstar for keeze, lol i rip off the flow tip off the hoe, you big to battle me ill spin you around like i was moby, you think you know me ill whip out my dick so you can blow me, try to hold me i flatten you like boloney, Your like a fruit salad im like a tiger you can call me tony, frosted flakes yea i slay frosty shakes from wendys, i got a glow stick so ill bend these, i got that green glow i got that white snow, im crazy like daisy duck never giving a fuck like my trailblazer SS truck, now i upgraded to the ac type S, you just a fat slob like rayns sisters friend big jess, lol killin it blood spillin it im nasty i can go on forver rappin non stop i even still have that dr suze book hop on pop!
TOTEM POLE!!
A: Because they are 'Lo Mein-tenance' and they don't won a ton of attention. ...but then again, Italian noodles have great Penne-tration...
 
They are both meteorologists. (Works better spoken)
Ok, so this three part one which requires a little build up: Ask, "what a pirate's favorite letter?" Usually people get the "Rrrr" Ask, "What's a pirates favorite restaurant?" Wait for a response: "Harrrdees" or "Arrrbys"  and lastly, ask "What's a pirate's favorite branch of the military?" At this point you should get "the ARrrrrmy" and you reply "No it's the Navy stupid!"
He missed Debussy. I'll just leave.
Rob...wait for it... erto! Rubeartoe!
A small chest with no booty. 
Six. One to change it, one to take pictures and four to make t-shirts for the event. 
Jock Itch!
Hello
That's okay! We prefer hummers anyway! 
Ones like: what's the difference between dinner and your sister? I wash my hands before eating dinner.
They always turn out to be sub par.
An elk It has the E, the L, and the K. Would like to hear some more if you guys have any.
Keep the tip
If you lay them right the first time, you can walk all over them for years.
"I herd that!"
Aye yee think it be arrrrr, but it be the seaa
AYEE ya thought it be ARRR but it be the 'C'!
Because they AAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!
Well, how do you think the egg was made? (I'm not sure how original this is, but I just thought of it.)
YARRRRMULKES. 
Don't worry! They will tell you!
A watchman. 
90,000 buckets. 
A man who smelled like a distillery flopped on a subway seat next to a priest. The man's tie was stained, his face was plastered with red lipstick, and a half empty bottle of gin was sticking out of his torn coat pocket. He opened his newspaper and began reading. After a few minutes, the disheveled guy turned to the priest and asked, "Say, father, what causes arthritis?"  "Mister, it's caused by loose living, being with cheap, wicked women, too much alcohol and a contempt for your fellow man."  "Well I'll be." the drunk muttered, returning to his paper.  The priest, thinking about what he had said, nudged the man and apologized. "I'm very sorry. I didn't mean to come on so strong. How long did you have arthritis?"  "I don't have it father. I was just reading here that the Pope does."
They both have flies on them.
Fire.
Because one more, and it would be too-farty.
A gorilla is ground-dwelling, predominantly herbivorous ape that inhabits the forests of central Africa, & your mother is a nice lady.  ... Also I did not have sex with a gorilla.
A glutton for punishment.
They both care way too much about the Đức Dynasty.

Dim Sum.
Because watching people porkin' just ain't Kosher! Wakakakaka
BROOM BROOM BROOOOOOOM
cause they cant even
Milk.  Because it's pasteurised before you see it.
Deer balls. Because they are under a buck.
Me too.
I guess you could say it's a procrasti-NATION
Hodor. Hodor! Hodor! 
Little Caesars (say it out loud)
A weasel is weasily recognised and a stoat is stoatally different!

He kept making rash decisions.
Because they can't even. 
Sandiego  (The first joke I ever made as a kid)
"Allah akbar!"
They were putting drugs in there products
Baguette and tag it. 
The mistress says "Oh, darling - that was  !", and the wife says "Beige. I think we'll paint the ceiling beige..."
A hens nights
it's butt.
Give him a basketball and ask him what it says. 
A fart.  It goes through your pants without even making a hole.
Because he was pissed off.
So that the Puerto Ricans can window-shop. 
Clearly not this one!
Because they can't even...
Kurt Kurt Cobain
All men must die.
JPEG
quatro cinqo  sorry
Nice Assimo.
To get to the other bar!
Because it was dead. 
QUACK
Furlong
Back up a couple of inches. 
a Lenin. ;)
To get to the other side.
A pool table.
Irene.
Yesterday at social get together I was explaining to my friend how android is better than iOS in many respect.  A  girl in group says, "Are you that cool nerd guy?" I replied, "Yum"
I don't know... I skipped the intro.
It doesn't matter what you call it, it's not going to come.
Because flashing gives them seizures.
because he's a kaiju
Because their P is silent.
They both come on those little jugs of Olive Oil.
A napkin.
They both moan like hell when they come, and they take the whole damn house when they leave.
A thief snatches your watch...
It was sold to the highest Buddha.
Clever Dick.
These are nacho-nachos.
A sperm whale. * *
It makes your dick look HUUUGE!
Neil Armstrong was the first man on the moon, and Michael Jackson rapes kids and gets away with it.
More like Anal 
One's got hydraulics, the other's got high bollocks.
Because people are dying to get in.
They SS it.
Because love means nothing to them!
amuse me first...hahaha
I yam that I yam.
A Sven diagram!
About four beers 
Trick question; the rooster.
When it's ajar!
His name was Mahatma Coat.
Ahh Phuket. Nevermind.
Because 7 is a homicidal rapist.
Because it's   is silent....
I don't have a stick up my ass!
Well it's over your head anyway...
You better C  or you'll B
Because he was dead!
Aarrrrrrr Kelly!
This is mostly because the antelope has powerful hind leg muscles, and houses can't jump.
Jacket Chan
I heard one recently, what do you get when you put TNT in a bra? Tit bits.
Because you never know if they're seeing someone on the side.  
Whodyanikanipplov
Someone to kiss while you're wanking
funny or not
Yasalivason Medickubitch
It sounds like shit
An unfortu-naut...  God that was horrible....
follow the Fresh Prints! 
Because if they flew over the bay.. they'd be bagels!
Hairy Potter
European
K.
Once you hear it, it's already too late.
He worked it out with a pencil. An explanation please?
Your gross income.
A waist of time.
His mom was in a jam. 
iFap
There are no   videos of Mike Tyson.
Just two, but you're going to need a lot of patience and light bulbs.
It was two tired.
The Road done him a bad turn.
One is a Holocaust denier, and the other one rapes women and gets away with it.
Would #69 be too offensive?
KAAA DOOOUUCHE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So they don't burst when you fuck them
Don't worry... they'll tell you.
He read that it was an invisible solid. 
They spent a year doing missionary work.
Nothing. It's a gift she will always remember. Edit: Wording clarified (Thanks to therinnovator).
It's true. You drink too much you get fat, get emotional, talk too much, cry, and you can't drive a car. All apologies to the fairer sex.
Yeah, it needs a little work.
A nice young hillbilly couple decided to get married. Their parents wanted to give them the best wedding ever, so they reserved the nicest hotel in town. Everything was perfect. After the wedding the newlyweds went to the front desk to check in. The desk clerk asked,"Bridal" and the new husband said "Na, I'll just hold her by the ears till she gets used to it".
1.21 JiggaWhats
Why are you shaking? She's going to be eating me!
Pontius Pilates.
Because they don't C#
Too many thank-you notes to write
The cue tip.
The Bald Eagle is free c:
If you can smell the pussy across the room, it's probably not the good stuff.
An irrelephant.
A stick.
An Instagram.
In yarr'ds.
Because he prefers Dick's.
Nunavut.
Neither one is a very big deal, unless you're not getting any.
Russell.
He was fired because of his walk. He had a problem with heels.
Because they've done nothing to deserve it.
Novak.
I may take a while to get hard, I just got laid. 
I wouldn't pay good money to see a lentil. 
Mother's Day.
What makes the loudest noise in the jungle?
ya, he finally came out of the cupboard.
The headlines read "Small Medium at Large"
Atrophy. 
They had such success with  , where you box one round then play a game of chess, they tried to created another combination sport called baseball poetry. You play an inning of baseball, then compose one poem. "Ve vere not so gut at it ven ve practiced," said a spokesman. "And ven ve tried to play anozzer team, tings quickly vent from bat to verse."
How many chicks do you know that would turn up for a cunt scrape?
To get a Pabst smear.
He made Mary Shelly roll over in her grave.
Wartortellini!
Serving dual porpoises!
You tickle its citrus. (all credit to the movie  )
Everywhere.
To which the Roman replied "I Wood" because he lived in the 1st house on Wood st. 
The police are on the lookout for hardened criminals.
Because when he found the correct position, he didn't have the momentum, and when he finally found the time, he didn't have the energy. 
IN HIS SLEEVIES LOL xp cuz it's like armies like babi talk for arms instead of an armie like a bunch of dudes w/ issues w/ theer masculinity  np, glad i cud explain dis 2 u
It has wings, but it doesn't fly, it has a beak, but it doesn't peck, it has legs, but it doesn't walk. What is it? A dead crow
He didn't last too long; his jokes didn't get the best reactions.
mourning wood
A small medium at large!
A Megasaurass.
Wipes his ass.
It only takes your left hand to type "stewardesses"
An informant
hey kid, wanna buy some candy?
To get to the other side
A zoo with no animals.
Bass players
They both bore the fuck out of you!
He would be robin.
Hyuuuuuuundaaaaaiiiieeeiiii
Mad Cow Disease" was already taken.
It's making headlines. 
BANANANAAAAAAA
Because their pecker's on their face!
You may now "hiss" the bride.
Twelve, one to change it and the other eleven to start a support group called "recovering from the darkness"
Is there a punchline that could make this joke funny?
None, Californians screw in hot tubs!
Icy dead people.
For shits and giggles
amiright?
Someone who knocks on your door and tells YOU to fuck off.
Eric Clapton would absolutely NEVER let an ounce of cociane fall 49 stories out a window onto the streets of New York.
Hopefully this is the right place for this. But I'm looking for more jokes like the "Fuck me and I'll tell you" joke and the "Knock Knock/May I come in who?" joke. Basically, any joke that sets you up to be inappropriate toward the one being told to insinuate some sort of sexual relations.
I falafel.
5 scrawny junkies walk into a mob-owned whorehouse. They each get a prostitute and go to their respective rooms. After a bit, one of the junkies ODs and the prostitute informs her Madam of the unfortunate circumstances. Doing what a Madam does in such a situation, she calls the Mob and has them send a guy over to “fix” the “problem.” So, things continue as normal until another one of the junkies ODs while with one of the prostitutes. Just as the other prostitute had, she informs her Madam. The Madam rolls her eyes and says, “So you’re telling me that 5 scrawny junkies were humping on my beds, 2 ODed and wound up dead.” So, The Madame called the Mobster and the Mobster said, “No more junkies humpin’ on the beds!”
About halfway.      
Your love life.
How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just two, but I have no idea how they got in there.
Because black people make "Wong" decisions! 
None, they'll just arrest the light for being broke and beat the room for being black.
It's a really obscure number.  You've probably never heard of it.
To draw blood.
the security is pretty lenient 
They are separated by a big chain-link fence. Well, one day hell was having a big party and it got a little out of hand. God heard the ruckus and arrived to find his fence completely smashed by the wild partiers. He called the devil over and said "Look, Satan, you have to rebuild this fence." Satan agreed. The next day God noticed that the devil had completely rebuilt the fence...but it was 2 feet further into heaven than before. "Satan!" beckoned God. "You have to take that fence down and put it back where it belongs!" "Yeah? What if I don't?" replied the devil. "I'll sue you if I have to," answered God. "Sure," laughed Satan. "Where are you going to find a lawyer?" 
They both hang out at the Space Bar.
I don't dough!
Because you spend more but, at least you don't get a virus
An Ethiopian Chicken
You can't jelly your cock into a girls mouth
Only 1, she'll hold the bulb in place and wait while the world revolves around her.
...When he tells you that your wife's hair smells good.
Chillin. 
Because they like to climax at the part when the hooker gives the money back. 
They lose their shit over the smallest things!
Because you are raisin my dick
does anyone know a knock knock joke that's actually funny? most of the ones i have heard are not funny at all. 
A pool table. ヽ(*・ω・)ﾉ
She was a rare medium, well-done. 
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYEEEEEEEEE
(Better said than written)  Ask someone, "Do you like fish sticks?"  If they reply yes,  Ask them, "So you like putting fish sticks in your mouth?" They will say yes, then you call them a gay fish.
Soy milk.
A plain (plane) bagel! 
A caiman like a wrecking ball.
Because everyone uses the Internet to look up phone numbers or people don't have landlines anymore and cell phone numbers aren't listed in the phone book. Also people use social media to communicate and connect with people.
I like little asian kids
Because there are so many "Wings" and "Wongs" they'd still wing the wong number. 
Because they can't even.
Hebrews it...
...a DVD.
The USS Arrrrrr
Turner, Front, Mascher, Cherry
Rich woman and her driver are out in the country. They get a flat tire, and of course the driver can't get the hubcap off. The woman searches the tool bag, and spies a tool that will help. "You want a screwdriver?" she asks. "Might as well, I can't get this damned hubcap off." 
They both get paid to chauffeur. (show fur)
Nun
It's called Pulpit Fiction
Guccheese.
Cause they would quack up.
The Y.
Most people don't get angry when you toss a salad.
He didnt see the point.
Their dancing can make it rain.
Sarah Palin
Egg_salad
Because from a distance, they looked like hare.
Because she can clean her crack and sell it again
No matter how much you shake them, they still leak a little bit when you try and put them away.
"Gosh darn it, I'm going to kill myself, or die trying!"
Their personalities
In the duke box!
A period piece
A CABBAGE!
Decaf coffe... you racist 
"I'm Slavic and I know it"
Cinco de Mayo
Autobots, roll up!
Your father...
BILLY MAYS HERE!
Because HTML is just HTML, but PHP has  !
Because 6 7 8! ...(in honor of May 4th Star Wars day)...

If they were Jewish their dicks couldn't live in the hood.
It's your pussy's way of saying "I love you."
A jolly rogering.
Three. The left ear, the right ear, and the final front ear.
One day a young boy is going into the kitchen to get some cookies. In the kitchen he runs into his grandpa who is drinking some whiskey. He asks "What's that grandpa, can I have some?" In response grandpa asks "I don't know, can you touch your dick to your asshole?" Taken aback the boy says "no" "Well when you can touch your dick to your asshole, come back here and I'll share my whiskey with you." Slightly offended the boy gets his cookies and begins to walk out of the room but his grandpa stops him. "Hey kid, wanna give your old gramps one of those cookies?" he asks. The boy turns to his grandpa and says "I don't know, can you touch your dick to your asshole?" Grandpa grows a big wide grin "I sure can!" he says. "Good," says the boy "then Go fuck yourself. These are MY fucking cookies."
Well, he burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.
Because she was a woman. 
Acne waits till you're 12 to come on your face
It was Saturn by Uranus.
Life without parole
Their greatest hits are on the wall.
They like their fur long! I'll show myself out...
Paul Walker wouldn't be caught dead in a Honda
Your girl has to chew before she swallows. 
 Yogurt, dammit! I meant   doesn't hit the back of your partner's throat at 30 MPH. * I always mess up punchlines when I'm drunk!
Because they were only a quideach
That sinking feeling...
They have sects.
Fission chips.
You have to sit in the back of the gas chamber
"Let me be loud and clear!"
Robin, get in the Batmobile.
because 7 is a registered sex offender.
A koke.
"Some men have greatness thrust upon them, some men thrust upon greatness."
He never did turn up.
He worked for tips. 
The same way you take the F out of 'way'
He was really beside himself after that one.
Because 4 8 16!
Because the P is silent.
He heard beer was on the house
Hebrews.
Hebrew up.
A refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull the meat out!
He fell to pieces.
You get your palm red for free.
He wipes his butt!
Because its head is so far away from its body.
Because the P is silent!
Dental floss.
Because you'll give them hearing AIDS.
A hungry man with a hankerin' for chili sits down at a restaurant.  The waitress approaches to take his order and, of course, he orders a bowl of chili.  She replies, "Sorry sir. The gentleman seated at the table next to you got the last bowl."  The hungry man looks over and sees that the his neighbor is almost finished his meal but the bowl of chili is still full.  Feeling slightly embarrassed but still super in the mood of chili he asks the age old question, "Are you gonna eat that?"  The neighbor replies "nope" and passes the bowl.  Delicious chili in front of him and napkin tucked into his shirt the man digs in, scarfing down spoon after spoon of the delicious stew.  He is just about half way through when his spoon hits something a bit too large and a bit too solid at the bottom of the bowl. With a feeling of dread rising in his stomach, he digs down scoops out a now chili colored and very dead mouse.  Horrified, he retches and forcefully barfs every last bit of chili right back into the bowl.  His neighbor looks him right in the eye and says, "Yup. That's about as far as  I got too."
You'd think it'd be R, but really his heart will always belong to the C.
They only had 2 vans 
They're bitter.
Bugs Bunny! 
The WNBA.
Argon
Because she was his relative
Benoit B Mandelbrot 
Two self-conscious guys taking a shit in a public restroom.
I can't get my whole fist in the Pringles guy's can.
A half-ass joke. Credit to   for inspiration. 
a) A Roamin' Catholic b) An unconscious habit
Crucifried
Ask him to count how many sexual partners he has had (Because they're sheep fuckers).
Would you like me to show you what it feels like to get nailed?
Don't stand so close to me.
A bull shiht
Lightbulb.
No ballroom
Because women go through life ass backwards and are too fucking stupid to look where the fuck they're sitting.  Men shit too. Do you ever hear us complaining about toilet seats? 
Tell you the truth, it's pretty bad. It's filled with holes.
Because they can't even.
A  . 
Cool your jets.
Because they're SO-VIET
Zero.
Kermit the frogs finger.
A white woman and a black man are dancing at a club, and after a while things start to get hot and heavy. After some heavy kissing and petting, the woman makes the suggestion that they return to her apartment for the night. When the couple arrives at the woman's apartment, they begin passionately kissing and undressing each other, preparing to have frenzied and unrepentant sex with each other. However, the white woman, curious as she was, asked the black guy as he was taking off his pants, "before you take them off....is it true what they say about black guys?" With a suave yet sinister look, he looked into her eyes and said "baby, of course." He then proceeded to stab her and ran out with her purse. FYI- I am black and I think this joke is hilarious.
One is an oscar meyer weiner, the other admires oscar's weinner
A clop cop.
He always takes office clothes.

"you turn me on"
Speed bumps
A little suspect
I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
The judges said "Sorry, we've got enough dumbbells"
A park bench can support a family.
Three bags of skittles and a small body to hide.
He's out and is looking for you!
tickle its balls.

Elton John in a coma.
Anyone can roast beef. 
Because they bring Mayflowers
Dewy
He worked his problem out with a pencil.
You could say he is all right now
For being outstanding in his field!
oops, forgot the ky
Because she doesn't get to marry the best man. 
A six-pack and a potato
You get your palm red for free.
Because all his friends Argon.
You can't wash your face in a buffalo.
Cancer
Because she had no arms. Knock, knock. Who's there? Not Susie.
A dirty cotton rock sucker.
Q: What do you call a blind Australian Crocodile? A: Crocodile Dunsee
Because she had no arms. Why did she not get back up? Because she had no legs. What did Jill get for Christmas? A bicycle.
I mean, a thread created once a month where everyone submits their best jokes. I think it could work out nicely if done correctly. The main problem to be addressed would be repetition (without restrictions we could easily end up with identical threads every month). For that reason, it may be better to have a different theme every month (politically incorrect, technical, sex, short jokes, old jokes, antijokes, etc.) with maybe a generic thread once a year. It occurred to me because some days I'm in the mood for reading many jokes in a row, but scrolling down and clicking on the most liked jokes with a title that seemingly matching the topic I'm looking for at the time doesn't always feel optimal. What would you guys think? I could start the threads myself if you like the idea (the monthly topic could be decided by most voted comment in a different thread a few days before, or by the person with the most voted joke of the previous month).
How do you feed your self with that?
I don't know where they stand on the issue.
I don't know he hasn't opened it yet. 
To prevent double billing.
A b
Threw it overboard. it formed the UK. Taken from here: 
A Kenyan child. 
An escapea 
Because they're the class cut-ups.
Because they don't  .
A grrrrrrrizzly bear
He stuck a match in a frogs ass and then shaved the skin off of the frog. Looking at it upside down he said "now who wants some popcorn?"
Acne usually waits until you're 13 before coming on your face.
Antelopes.
Nevermind, it's over your head
Rihanna.
Tep on the brake, tupid!
Because he's one of the few people in World that couldn't kick down the door.
You boil the hell out of it.
It's baaad...
A cow-culator! (Cue groans)
you can't wank yourself clever.
A Nietzsche-t sheet!
He was outstanding in his field 
Calculator!
she didn't see him coming
Klaustrophobic
first they drop the bass. then they pickitup-pickitup-pickitup!
Queries.
To get to the second hand store!
Decaffeinated!  Bah dum dum...ting
Stand in a corner, corners are 90 degrees 
They don't know the words.
Have you ever tried to open a grilled cheese sandwich?
Because they're too cheap to buy the new! 
Rub your bloody dick on his teddy bear.  (think about it) 
OCD, OCD, OCD. Wait the last time didn't feel right. OCD, OCD, OCD. Wait, the second time didn't feel right. OCD, OCD, OCD. Wait...
Hushpuppies.
No? Eh, it's way over your head.
Now is the winter of our discount tents
Malaysia Airlines Flight 370
Because you don't want them hanging around Parks at night.
half a dog [Derek, s01e05]
2 Mennonite. 
Don't worry, he woke up
It's After Earth Day.
Because, he doesn't want anyone to know he's screwing a chicken.
Floral sex.
So men can remember them.
Prolly wanted a cracker!
Fire Crackers.
Q: What's the difference between zombies? A: Zombies make honey, and zombies don't.
Plow Me!
Because they don't know what to do with cap sizes.
Give it to Michael J Fox
Tequila Mockingbird. (X-post  )
Your ears
Because he makes so many brilliant deductions.
A trip without the kids.
A stick
A freezer doesn't fart when you take the meat out!
Because of their inability to pass the bar! Credit to my dad for this one
He was talking smack. 
Palm Sunday.
The horses would drown. Ba-dum TISH
Because they have a quidditch.
Been awhile since I've her some priest and a rabbi jokes. Hit me with your best one! Mine: a priest and a rabbi are waking down the street  The priest asks " wanna screw some kids?" The rabbi replies "out if what?"
Lion vomit.
Traitor Joe's
Barium
The second page of a youtube search.
By rearranging the furniture.
Nothing. Weren't you listening?
an electron
There isn't a single person left!  Bwahahahahaha
Juan Republic
[reasons unknown]
Because it takes three days for him to rise again, and two thousand years to come twice.
Too many Negus.
Its gonna take a while to get me hard, I just got laid by some chick.
Because he doesn't want anyone to know he's fucking a chicken.
Because it has to come from his own sack (Joke might work better in Dutch, where 'zak' means both sack and pocket)
You Planet
You can steal a car but you can't drive it. 
7 is black. 
Edit*: tried to fix the 1 into a 3 but my Reddit app is being a bitch.
Because he has cotton balls!
"I D K"
Because he doesn't want everyone to know that he's been fucking that chicken.
Numberwank.
Because all he says is "Chug Chug Chug"
They work it out with a pencil.
Udder destruction!
A Pastatute
Kill-joy
Mine is: Wht do Jewish men have their sons circumsised? Because they know Jewish women can't resist anything 10% off.
Dunk your head in a bucket of water and pull it out twice. 
They're both white fluffy things that float high above the fruitful land where the seeds are planted. Source: Brandon Sanderson
Bison
He only comes once a year.
He turns into Kim Jong-ill!
They got new fur coats. 
The teacher says, "Spit out your gum," but a train says, "Chew chew!"
A man goes on vacation to a tropical island. As soon as he gets off the plane, he hears drums. He thinks, "Wow, this is cool." He goes to the beach, he hears the drums, he eats lunch, he hears drums, he goes to a luau, and he hears drums. He TRIES to go to sleep, he hears drums. This goes on for several nights, and gets to the point where the guy can't sleep at night because of the drums. Finally, he goes down to the front desk. When he gets there, he asks the manager, "Mister, that's it!! Why won't those drummers stop?! I can't get any sleep!" The manager replies, "No! The drums must NEVER stop. It's terrible if the drums stop drumming." "Why?" "When drums stop... bass solo begins."
It's been called a dairy drama about a dromedary.
She committed Frued. Thank you, thank you, I'll be here all week.
Flaww
Add $5 to a cup of coffee.
He was charged with shooting kids and framing the parents.
Let's just say I pulled some strings.
Who has the diploma when you get rid of them.
Because it hurts their buccaneers. (Sorry it's lame, I just made it up) 
Because the parrots eat 'em all.
Utter udder shudder.
Halloumi! (Hello me) 
He was Haydn
He got the sack!
Because we killed the only one with a dream
A white man walks into a plastic surgeon's office looking for a "downstairs replacement". He says to the surgeon, "Doc, I've been made fun of by women all my life for having a small member, so I want you to get me the biggest thing you have." So the surgeon goes to his back room and returns with a suitcase filled with silicone specimens. As he opens it, he tells the man, "These are the specimens I most commonly model my implants after. Do you see anything you like?" The man answered, "Not exactly, I was hoping that I could get something a bit bigger than those." "Plenty more where that came from," replied the surgeon as he walked into his back room, and returned with another suitcase. When he opened it, the man got a small smile on his face. "Those are pretty big, but do you have anything bigger?" "Of course I do," the doctor told him, "I'll be right back." As he opened this next, larger suitcase, to reveal even larger specimens, the man's eyes widened. He looked over the options for a few moments before asking the doctor, "These are pretty great and all, some of the biggest I've ever seen, but I was really hoping for something even a bit larger...." The doctor agrees to show him his biggest specimens, but warns him that after this last case, they don't get any bigger. When he returned from the back room, the surgeon opened this case to reveal the most enormous phallus the man had ever seen! He gets up and exclaimed, "Yes! That's exactly the size I wanted!" But after a few seconds, the doctor notices the man starting to look hesitant. "Is everything alright? Is it big enough to suit you?" "Yes, yes, the size is excellent, but can I ask you a question?" "Of course..." "Well, don't get me wrong, I LOVE how big it is - it's even longer and girthier than I ever could've hoped...." "Well what's the problem?" "It's just...... well........ does it come in white?"
Because no one will believe them.
Transparent
Because proper tea is theft.
If it ends up on your wall, you're probably retarded.
They spend the entire time in the greenhouses bitching about the glass ceiling. 
They both have curds in their whey.
A little hoarse!!! 
Riblings
Demerara Source:   by  .
No, but April may.
Smallpox.
Circumference. 
Dessert.
He's still there.
How to Train Your Dragon. Good parenting, that is.
Because they can't even
The hypocrite's the one that exists.
Depends.
boo bees
HAAAAND EEEEEEYYYYYEEEEE!!!!!
Because they can't even.
The Qué Qué Qué.
Did You Ever Stop And Think?? ¤ Do blind people dream,can they see their dreams? ¤ If corn oil is made from corns and vegetable oil is made from  vegetables,then what is baby oil made of? ¤ Why do Twinkle Twinkle little star & a b c song have the same tunes? STOP SINGING AND READ ON!!! ¤ If electricity is made from electrons then does morality comes from morons? ¤ Why there is a light in the refrigerator but not in a freezer.. Expand ur imagination;)
Talk about a clerical error!
There is a man who has three boyfriends, but he does not know which one to marry.  So he decides to give each one $5000 and see how each of them spends it. The first one goes out and gets a total makeover with the money.  He gets new clothes, a new hairdo, manicure, pedicure, the works, and tells the man, "I spent the money so I could look handsome for you because I love you so much." The second one went out and bought new golf clubs, a CD player, a television, and a stereo and gives them to the man.  He says, "I bought these gifts for you with the money because I love you so much." The third one takes the $5000 and invests it in the stock market, doubles his investment, returns the $5000 to the man and reinvests the rest.  He says, "I am investing the rest of the money for our future because I love you so much." The man thought long and hard about how each of the guys spent the money, and decided to marry the one with the biggest moobs.
Because he always blitzes.
“tummy, my X-Men!”
Because he kisses his mother with that mouth
Roberto
Because he couldn't kick the bucket.
Muah hahaha
Someone who stays up all night wondering if there is a Dog.
Two very unhappy animals.
100 pounds.
A group of gay men
She got an F in sex.
Because they cantaloupe. =D.....=).....=|……='(
A Wolf found great difficulty in getting at the sheep owing to the vigilance of the shepherd and his dogs. But one day it found the skin of a sheep that had been flayed and thrown aside, so it put it on over its own pelt and strolled down among the sheep. The Lamb that belonged to the sheep, whose skin the Wolf was wearing, began to follow the Wolf in the Sheep’s clothing; so, leading the Lamb a little apart, he soon made a meal off her, and for some time he succeeded in deceiving the sheep, and enjoying hearty meals. Appearances are deceptive. So you've heard about a story called a wolf in sheep's clothing.  But have you heard about  ?
She became an anchor...
You take the letter "f" out of the word "way" (there's no f in way) *joke works best when the person being asked the question has to think about it for some time and says the phrase themselves without realizing what they said
A wrecktangle.  (Made up by my 10 year old daughter :)
Fo Drizzle..
You can't take a joke.
Ground Beef
Genocide.
Because he started drinking it before it was cool.
"One day my prints will come."
My favorite is "There are two kinds of people...those who cheat at 7-up, and god damned liars."
"Now, this may be difficult to hear..."
the wheelchair
One's by Dire Straits, the other's by dryer states.  
When it Israeli hot
Hella.
in one night stand you tear off the panties in long relationship you gently remove the panties in marriage you wash and dry the panties.  then fold them and put them in the clothes cupboard.
Short answer: No Long answer: Yes
They''ll tell you.
A speech impediment.
They were both designed for the kids but it's the dad that ends up playing with them.
The USA
He was Cross-Fit.
Turn down the volume on your porn. Problem solved!
He was playing with a bunch of cheetahs!
Because they had ten issues.
A Chopin' knife!
Because old habits die hard.
Because she can't even.
Alcmene triple-dog-dared him.
Def Leppard
Women.
You did that on porpoise 
They can't even
WAA-TAA!
Pimples don't come on your face until you are 12.
Ten-ants
It wooden go.
Because they cant even.
Because The Hound wanted to eat both of them. 
That's not my fucking sidework!
They can't dance very well. 
  
Petal.
To fuck your mom.
I'm going to be an Emcee at a superhero themed  event and some jokes would be great. The sexual assault superman one just won't fly. Many people there aren't really into super heros but some (very few) are. My favorite so far is... If Iron Man and Silver Surfer teamed up....they would be alloys.
He's outstanding in his field
Wave.
Interviewer:"If the Earth rotates 30 times faster, what will happen?" engineer:"We will get our salary everyday" :D Think Greedily Act Confidently
So they can see the battle. 
Split pee soup. (I made it up. I'm sorry.)
Because if they don't spread they are worthless.
Names
Call him whatever you want, its not like he's gonna get up and do anything about it.
Asshole.
One missed period is enough to freak them out. 
Because she got used to your soft meat.
A rip off. 
It might take a while for me to get hard. I just got laid.
It was too tired.
They all die when they turn aidy.

Because he's a Fungi!
John Cougar's Melon Camp
Neither did she.
Because the grass tickles their balls.
One is a dirty bike and the other is a derpy dyke. 
Because they can't even.
Second cannibal: Yes. Everyone's eaten.
A nigga, you occupationalist!
A male table is made with hard wood.
It goes like... no wait... ah, damn it.
She always faced a tough crowd. 
Hebrewed it.
Just once. /**************************************/ Edit: Thank you all for letting the world know that planes have in fact crashed more than once throughout history. No shit, Sherlock. Its called a joke. Do you think it would be all that funny if the punchline was "Usually, they get destroyed when they crash, but sometimes they go back up in da air."?
a moscow
The trailer was better
One you are finished with the breast and the thighs, you still have a greasy box to put your bone
Santa Claus comes down the chimney
Because they always have an anti-body
When your dads dick tastes like shit.
It's okay if you haven't - it was a quick release.
A saussage 
It's called Prison Yard Secrets "They" Don't Want You to Know About. 
A baboom.
He was so radium carbon iodine thorium he joined the potassium potassium potassium.
Legs
Incontinent 
Mount Rushmore.
Chair? Statue?! :D
Everything they serve is an entree. WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB
ly a second.
It's easy to roast beef...
a four chin teller.
PIC on someone your own size!
Because they don't have the necessary koalafications. (Derived from:  )
YMCK
He was a real quackhead. 
Justice Thumbs
He went to the Shell station.
Don't know?? Use DINO-MITE
Christopher Reeve.
So that they have something to pick in the off-season.
Bill Gates never got a Mac, but Steve Jobs got PC.
I on it.
He was trying to make a booty call!
Yeah, but it's up his ass and it belongs to Usher
Me neither.
they both fell off the motorcycle 
You don't speak English fourchette!
Because they push two twins together to make a king.
Because they can't even.
More than three because the basement is still dark!
A lickalottapuss.
A show off
Because he was outstanding in his field.
Because his wife died.
The longer you play with them, the harder they get.
in their sleevies
Downvote it.
He did everything half-assed.
Geezcake
Lift your hand up and put all fingers down except your middle finger.
"I don't know." "So you're the one!"
prime rib
Oil
Pilgrims. What do Pilgrims bring? Smallpox
They sat him on the window seat of the bus
There was too much friction.
John Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzjohn 
Their last big hit was the wall.
The Spaghetto. 
Proper-Tea
Warren
He's six feet under now.
Twack......... Shit!
They're always complaining about the 10" they don't have.
It's white and on their land.
Where does Amy go after the explosion? EVERYWHERE!!!
Two. One to screw in the bulb and the other to hold the penis..
Well, Right now I'm frying up some eggs, got some toast in the toaster and the coffees brewing. 
Bollyball
I don't recall.
Eclair. 
I'll tell you tomorrow!
Benoît B. Mandelbrot
A dead baby in a clown suit.
Itali-cized.
An oister
they each got 6 months
Because they're ugly and smell bad.
I'M GOING TILAPIA!!!
They can't resist all of the cha-'ching'.
They just can't resist the heroine.
Everyone knows that you should see a doctor for an erection that last longer than 4 hours.
hang one tennis ball from the tailgate!!
Trick Question! Feminists can't change anything.
One's a snack cracker and the other is a crack snacker. 
You fuck her. 
Keep the tip.
It stops them from rolling out of bed.
Jelly's fine, but paper jam is the best!
A small medium at large.
Don't worry, he'll tell you.
Nun
A man is stumbling through the woods, totally drunk, when he comes upon a preacher baptizing people in the river.  He proceeds to walk into the water and subsequently bumps into the preacher.  The preacher turns around and is almost overcome by the smell of booze. He asks the drunk, "Are you ready to find Jesus?"  The drunk answers, "Yes, I am."   So the preacher grabs him and dunks him in the water.  He pulls him up and asks the drunk, "Brother, have you found Jesus?"  The drunk replies, "No, I haven't found Jesus."  The preacher, shocked at the answer, dunks him into the water again but for a little longer this time.  He again pulls him out of the water and asks again, "Have you found Jesus, my brother?"  The drunk again answers, "No, I haven't found Jesus."  By this time, the preacher is at his wits end so he dunks the drunk in the water again --- but this time he holds him down for about 30 seconds.  When the drunk begins kicking his arms and legs, the preacher pulls him up.  The preacher asked the drunk again, "For the love of God, have you found Jesus?"  The drunk wipes his eyes and catches his breath and says to the preacher, "Are you sure this is where he fell in?"
Well, well, well...
Because it's off the chain.
A roamin' Catholic
Pilot error. 
-panic
One, if you throw it hard enough.
Shoot the guy pushing it.
The Dick-tater.
Intercourse.

"I can't take it anymore!"
Mine is this: How do you pick out the Frenchmen in a room full of naked soldiers? They're the ones with sunburned armpits. 
A DOH-berman!
Say "purple". 
One's an algorithm, and the other's an Al Gore-ism!

Because 7, 10, 11!
An ovary-action.
... because he felt crumby! 
"I did them not because they were easy, but because I was hard."
Batman can go in a convenience store without Robbin.
Fucking big ones!
Hockey players shower after three periods.
Pick him up and suck his cock.
Armin Van Buren.
What did the super smart dude say to the moron?
A reptile dysfunction
Two, two... One, two.
Nothing, they both run, jump, shoot and steal.
Double Chin
You look for the Fresh Prints.
JEWSUS 
Well they say he's "allRIGHT" xD
Recyc-bling (I'm pretty sure I thought of this myself but I used to smoke the Mary Jane a lot so......)
Stink.
Pronounce this word: unionized
Mitosis 
Cliff.
An americano with an extra shot
coo. coo.
An acidic Jew.
Because he was Snowden.
Orange you glad I painfully waited until I was done cooking your food to take a poop?
he was tooooo faaaaaaar oouuuuutttt maaaaaannnn
Senseless violence.
He drank his tea before it was cool.
He saw his gas bill.
It was a classic open-and-shut case.
They made it illegal and declared a war on drugs and became criminal lawyers. Next joke, How does a group of dweebs  profit from sex between two consenting adults? You lobby to implement no fault divorce and become a divorce lawyer.  How do you profit from gun control ? You put guns in the hands of everyone and start arresting them for not having all the i's dotted and t's crossed as they travel from state to state, as they start using them to protect their person.  You implement a bunch of rules and regulations that noone has any idea exists. 
He went ice Skating before it was cool 
A bowl of Chicken noodle coupe
Black magic doesn't work. 
A Checkoutslovakian. (Better said than read)
Peter. He can deny Jesus three times.
the Easter Bunny
God knows he's not a surgeon.

No shit sherlock.
No R-E-S-P-E-C-T.
A cuss-todian!
"Please get out of the pool" 
...
Both were shot in Vegas
He has two clean fingers. 
It had excellent mussel memory.
A poser!
They both love to crack open a cold one.
None - the lightbulb has the capacity for its own revolution
None of them because they are stuck up cunts.
The other half.
Who cares?? It's worth it!
Kermit the Frog's full attention. 
One rocks the mic, while the other mocks the reich.
He got off scat-free
Keep the tip.
Old Age
We're both businessmen.
The Devil's advocado.
Wait, I can explain everything!
Buy 2 get 1 free
Let me push your stool in for you.
Because there were too many knights.
"Mmmm. Move Over."
Because people keep reporting they've found de brie.
-Tiger Wood
Cause baby, i'm lost in you.
"You are very disagreeable."
Names. 
Both will eventually be laid by a Mexican.
Sir, you fucking pervert! 
I don't want to tell you because you might spread it around... BONUS: What concert is cheaper than 50 cents to attend? 50 Cent feat. Nickelback
In Mike Rowe Economics and Mike Rowe Biology. 
Stranded!
The 6th grade science teacher, Mrs. Parks, asked her class, "Which human body part increases to ten times its size when stimulated?"  No one answered until little Mary stood up and said, "You should not be asking sixth graders a question like that! I'm going to tell my parents, and they will go and tell the principal, who will then fire you!"  Mrs. Parks ignored her and asked the question again, "Which body part increases to 10 times its size when stimulated?"  Little Mary's mouth fell open. Then she said to those around her, "Boy, is she going to get in big trouble!"  The teacher continued to ignore her and said to the class, "Anybody?"  Finally, Billy stood up, looked around nervously, and said, "The body part that increases 10 times its size when stimulated is the pupil of the eye."  Mrs. Parks said, "Very good, Billy," then turned to Mary and continued. "As for you, young lady, I have three things to say:  One, you have a dirty mind.  Two, you didn't read your homework  And three, one day you are going to be very, very disappointed. 
A woman's car breaks down on a busy highway. She manages to ease it over to the shoulder and gets out and opens the trunk. Immediately two men clothed only in trench coats leap out and begin to open and close their coats, exposing themselves to the oncoming traffic. Pretty soon a police officer stops. "What's going on here?" the cop asks. "My car just broke down," the woman responds. "NO, I mean those two guys," the cop continues. "Oh," the woman replies, "they're just my emergency flashers."
One, but it takes at least three light bulbs.
An oxymormon 
Because everytime he told a joke people fainted in the end.
I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face
Professional courtesy. 
Introverted Engineer looks at His shoes when he's talking to you. Extroverted Engineer looks at Your shoes when he's talking to you.
The cabbage, it's a head
The hornier, the better!
It doesn't matter where you drop them off.
Damn.
"I like my steak like I like my Pokemon... Rare"
They never got a reaction out of him.
A hobbitat
A high-steaks mission.
Crimea River
Because they aren't really worth anything. Econ 101 humor.
A brick gets laid!
It was really well trained.
RoboClop....so sorry
What do you call a homosexual in a wheelchair? Rolaids. 

So you can cum on its face
Sexy kids.
Irene
Some dick cut her off!
Into a prism.
They have a good sense of aqueous humor.

Kermit's finger.
Juan on Juan
Shrimp cocktail.
He heard he was going to Mount Olive
The temperature of their caffeine
The wheelchairs!
Being black
How did you catch the little buggers?
The adora-bowl.
Retired U.S. Air Force here and this is my favorite military joke:   The biggest difference between the branches of the U.S. Armed Forces is that if you give the order to      I slept for 8 hours and came back to some pretty good jokes; It looks like people in movies/theater came out swinging but now it is 2 AM and the computer geeks are a-flocking.  Keep it up!
I need a muse for an art project I'm doing.  Also who doesn't love terrible jokes/puns. Looking for things like refrigerator/nose running, but other objects.
"I'm going to be the mother of your children." I have no idea whether the joke is lost in translation...
It's non barking! Hopefully some software people get this one
Because she stopped taking the pill about a month earlier.
Dr Dre....
A fucking pilot you racist!
Because they get jalapeño business.
Their last big hit was the wall.
They say that they are generally wrong.
C EH N EH D EH
got a pencil and worked it out.
Blue paint.
Her clitosaurus...
Arrrrrrabic! A friend and I were extremely high and he thought of this.Good times. 
Because of his retractable clause.
MALE LOGIC Woman: Do you drink beer? Man: Yes Woman: How many beers a day? Man: Usually about 3 Woman: How much do you pay per beer? Man: $5.00 which includes a tip Woman: And how long have you been drinking? Man: About 20 years, I suppose Woman: So a beer costs $5 and you have 3 beers a day, which puts your spending each month at $450. In one year, it would be approximately $5400 …correct? Man: Correct Woman: If in 1 year you spend $5400, the past 20 years puts your spending at $108,000, correct? Man: Correct Woman: Do you know that if you didn’t drink so much beer, you could have now bought a Ferrari? Man: Do you drink beer? Woman: No Man: Where’s your Ferrari ?
HAND EYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYE.
I originally thought that the black rock gets wet, but it was brought to my attention that the Red Sea is in the middle east, so it prob'ly starts a holy war!
One is a crusty bus station the other is a busty crustacean
Wrap!  (I came up with this when i was 8….)
A stick
Algae bru
A flat.
You take the 'S' out of Safe, and the 'F' out of Way.
Sticks it in Olive Oyl.
They have no function.
You want to?
Urine trouble now.
Rabbit farts
Because its delicious.
He had loco-motives
Because he tryptophan.
Ten-ish.

It wasn't raining.
≠
Because it kept falling out.
50 shades of heeeeey.
I do.
You can beat an egg.
A: Usually when the penis returns to flaccid state, it will slide out of the vagina. Even if does not, be rest assured the vagina will not have it for breakfast.
They both create gravity waves when they bang.
Rick O'Shea
When it dies it becomes immortal. ∞
It depends on where I draw the line.
Woman's rights
They say he had a loco motive.
God doesn't walk around Dublin thinking he's Bono
A 6 pack and a potato.
Cause they can't tell Green from Red!
Because he was Russian
Because there's no rest for the wicked. 
Would you like a bag with that? Would you like a bag with that? Would you like a bag with that? I know now it isn't really the most efficient way to sell tea!
What do we want?      When do we want it?     
Tut-an-kham-en 
They gave her a basketball.
Soooo much penis.
It was stapled to the chicken.
My god, you're all insane. Am I the only one Hussein?
Well after being there for 30 years, neither do I!
They're all M.I.A.    
So they can get a long little doggie.
One of them can read, and one of them can write. The third one is there to keep an eye on the two intellectuals. 
The one wearing the sack that reads IDAHO
What are you talking about? The bulb is fine.
Your dad didnt cry when I fucked him in the ass.

If it's bill withers!
He was a fun-gui!
Newer magazines.
A deep friar.
About a quarter inch of chocolate
The ten year old boy in my basement.
An OranguTAN! 
Because I hadn't masturbated for a month. Seriously, when I ejaculated it was six feet. Which was unusual, as usually it's cum. Strange day.
The other one.
Because he sucked on the organ.
Toot Uncommon. 
Steal their lines 
Look for fresh prints. 
Pretzalcoatl
A fruit roll-up
none (inspired by   )
A   tree.
Shake 'n Bake.
You'll have to c-4 yourself.
He was a boar.
A DILF
An older downtown YMCA had the funds and long wanted to expand but it could not because none of the adjacent properties, not even a long closed gas station, had been for sale.  Then, one late winter morning, the Y’s director noticed a new “for sale” sign on the gas station. Immediately she phoned the listed number and the Y’s board members, got the ball rolling and within a week they’d purchased the property. Some weeks passed, long drawn up plans were put into action and the ground-breaking took place just as the spring weather arrived.  But, not too long into the project, the excavation came to a sudden halt as the crew reported that the bottom of a trench was filling with what appeared and smelled like a mix of stale gasoline and diesel.  The obvious conclusion was that there were old, abandoned storage tanks on the site that would require a very expensive environmental cleanup.  Consultants and lawyers got involved and, of course, the previous owners of the gas station denied any such thing and suggested that what the construction crew had seen was really nothing more than dirty groundwater filling the hole. “But” protested the Y’s lawyer, referring to a consultant’s report, “The Y’s men say only fuels rush in…..”
Not having to set aside money for your old age.
When you make an ELI5 post, you end up receiving a dick pic.
Luters 
And why did he paint so many pictures of my parents fighting? -Rob DenBleyker
Because his career was in ruins
Pregnant
Paint yourself green and throw plastic forks at her.
To prevent further breakouts.
A gummy bear.
Have a rest. (Everest, get it?) Really awful joke, but I thought of it last night and was wondering if anyone recognised it? Who knows, it might be original....
Apparently he's now ohm-less.
Nothing.
Harvard graduate: The kind of place where we don't end our sentences with prepositions. Texan: Where you from jackass?
The one who can walk with 2 cups of coffee and a dozen donuts.
Because they were "Nazis"!!!! eyyyyy :D
He plead the Fifth!
They couldn't find 3 wise men and a virgin. 
He loves Dicks
It ain't hard.
They just get hammered. 
The redditor never gets gold
They're making head lines.
He kept getting in everyone's hair.
Roberto
Well, there-- Nevermind, it's pointless.
Thunderwear!
He went back four seconds.
Ask them to pronounce the word "unionized."
They were spic and spaniel
Only one, but it takes nine years. 
Twelve. Four to form a Parliamentary study committee to decide how to solve the problem, one Francophone to complain that I didn't translate this joke into French, one Native Canadian to protest that the interests of Native Canadians have been overlooked, one woman from the National Action Committee On the Status Of Women to say that women have been underrepresented in the process, one to go over the border to the Niagara Falls Factory Outlet Mall and buy a new bulb and not pay duty on it on the way back, one to actually screw it in, one to collect taxes on the whole procedure so the government can afford it, one to buy a case of Molson for everybody to drink, and one to drop the puck. 
He went to the wrong camp. Bonus: I'm a Jewish Boy Scout
Its hips.
Because they all have a "Vera Nice Sea". (Say it out loud)
Depends.
The first grade.
Kicked out of the petting zoo.
My friend is doing a video project for school and needs fruit jokes.
Child labor laws forced all the shoe factories to shut down.
You can't beat a wank!
Because they don't like the smell of Derry air.
Apple.
Shocked.
He drops it like it's hot.
A woman.
An elephant. 
Nun.
You oscillate its tit a lot.
Oedipus
Kick his sister in the jaw
a baked potato lol xD
It had a hissy fit.
Because he couldn't pass the bar.
Sophia. (sphere) it works best spoken
Trombones.
Take him to the top of his ego and throw him off.
A metal band
Crimea River
"Damn, I sure got some hot wings!"
Because they have no Seoul.
Polyunsaturated
They're both a great ride until someone sees you on one.
Just one, but she charges me extra for weird stuff
Pay for the pizza.
Because all proper tea is theft.
It's in the name...
A rock guitarist plays 10 chords for 50,000 people, and a jazz guitarist plays 50,000 chords for 10 people.
William Shatner
Christopher Walken
Seeder
a drummer ...
It's not really worth it, it doesn't have a point.
He worked his problems out with a pencil and paper.
It was charged with a salt.
Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
A condom wasn't on my dick last night!
Cello?
1969
Look for the fresh prints
Well, there's more birds on that side.
A pilot; what else would you call him? You racist prick!
Realising you only put 9 in
he looks at your feet instead of his own... 
Through Frodo-synthesis.
In his sleevies. 
Because they can.
You don't. You get down from a duck. 
Rama llama ding dongs
Start from scratch.
He fell asleep at the wheel
An impasta
The winner of last year's hide & go seek contest. 
They are full of Iranian seman
Nothing. They've never met.
Make the jacket first.
Husband: Honey, do you know why the chicken crossed over? Wife: No, why? Husband: Because it was from your side! 
Gagsalotofdong
You can't hear an enzyme.
Huey Louie Andouille.
Pants.
They couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin!
Prepare to get RIDD of your intron.
Crimea River
About 3 inches.
European (you're-a-peein')
Roberto. 
Astro-knot 
A whore will have sex with anybody, a bitch will have sex with anybody except you.
They both change pads after 3 periods
It was very unOregonized.
Pollution. What do you call every Mexican at the bottom of the ocean? Solution.
Pubstep
They threatened to release one every hour til their demands were met.
K
So they don't get mistaken for feminists.
A groundhog
Just for the halibut.
Good sex interupted by a period
Seriously,  it ruins the joke every time without fail.
A bird of pray.
A centimeter-alada
At the undertakers, they were putting him into the coffin. They got his left leg in. That's when the trouble started...
moscows
Pokemon!
A fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out of it.
"Nailed It"
Okay, you start.
The atoms family.  
Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.
A manila folder!!!
Because everyone who could jump, run, and swim have already crossed the border.
Because they devour wood.
A Polysneezin.
Human Beans.
A carrot.
He didn't knead any more dough.
A chunk.
Inward
Unique up on it.
He just couldn't pass the bar.
Because it's too cold outtide
knee-mail
Mini-Soda (Minnesota) Such a bad joke... :/
Bereave it. 
The Lower Yeast Side.
One is a superhero and the other is a simple command.
The night shift at Waffle House.
A dumb blonde bitch.
A skunk rolling down a hill with a pickle in its mouth.
He's left there trying to "guess" what happened.
Because he was Snow'den.
The Cross Product
You use a pair of caesars.
Don't eat me! I'm a fun guy!
You can drop her off anywhere
Zombees
Reaching around and pretending it went all the way through. 
Darth Mall.
Levon.
Spitting, Swallowing,  and gargling.
Because than it would be REcycling
The Italian. The black is tied to the tree.
Because they all involve iPatches. 
Because they grew a part.
Because they needed more Thai Interceptors!
Duck in a hurry. (c) beatattitude 2014
I don't think he named is other leg...
Pearl Harbor pizza.
It comes in waves.
Disoriented
Give them a used tampon and ask what period it's from. 
No one actually reads the articles.
A hoarse horse. 
The doctors said they could give the boy eyelids made out of his foreskin. The only problem is that he would be a little cockeyed.
Having legs.
You'd think it be the arr but it's actually the sea
An Investigator 
Men toes.
Because he's a bad mother fucker.
Too many thank you notes to write
loading...
An envelope! 

She unlocks the handcuffs. Edit: for everyone that isn't getting it, it means kinky sex
Haaaayyyy!!
UNDERLAY! UNDERLAY!
the only one ever to have a dream was shot.
he composts it
A daiquiri.
The Bureau of All Things Fine.
Dominoes. Falling one at a time.
A rapist.
For a square root canal
Because he didn't want to be spotted!
they're always asking "when will this period be over?"
thepiratebay
Tek War
The bucket.
I was watching Dave Chappelle's For What It's Worth yesterday and honestly I'm not a stand up comedy guy but this shit was real bruh! For the part I watched it was funny as hell. This is probably the fourth I've watched following Kevin Hart's main stand ups. Do you have any that is way better than this for us redditers? P.S - I hope this is the right subreddit if not :p 
I don't know. It kept breaking my guitar strings so I gave up.
It's legal to get stoned 
An extroverted scientist will stare at YOUR feet.
You get repossessed.
"Barbecue tonight!"
The "Space Bar"
None.  It's their job to help people find their way in dark places!   (MASH s1 ep7)
Fidel Castro.
Syphilis
She burned her mouth on the exhaust.
Rape. 
"THERE CAN BE ONLY JUAN!"
Because they refuse to Submit to anyone but Allah.
Ugg Li
What do a prison and a concentration camp have in common?  In both people don't feel like showering.
Psychopaths are fun at parties. 
LANscaping.
Pregnancy.
Because it needs some bragging rights.
Life support for a cunt.
A fedoral offense.
One prick...and it's all over.
Because of their Crystal Balls EDIT: I'm not sure if anyone's posted this before my mum's sister emailed her from across the globe.(New Zealand) I laughed so hard I thought I'd put it here. Credit goes to my Mum's sister though. 
My girlfriend won't blow a red light.
He hibernated in the summer. 
1080 Pee -- My roommate
...
Phuket, I don't know...
10 little piggies, 2 calves, a beaver, an ass, some hares, and a fish that no one can seem to find.
Because she had no arms.    Knock Knock, who's there?  Not Sally.
A denominatrix.
They throw a spoon down the stairs
To get to the other side.
N-Gage
I'm going to kill myself, or die trying.
Just the tips.
Yeah, some dick cut her off.
I wouldn't pay $100 to have a garbanzo bean on my face. 
"Okay men, get on the ship."
Batteries
Not the dirtiest but I laughed. Three guys go to a ski lodge, and there aren't enough rooms, so they have to share a bed. In the middle of the night, the guy on the right wakes up and says, "I had this wild, vivid dream of getting a hand job!" The guy on the left wakes up, and unbelievably, he's had the same dream, too. Then the guy in the middle wakes up and says, "That's funny, I dreamed I was skiing!"
Just two.  It only requires that either the people are very small or the light bulb is very large.

Of course not, they haven't had any gigs yet. 
It's another chance to look up old friends.
Answer: Tulips on an Organ.
Nothing, she just made gagging noises
Give Marcie a strap-on.
Any kind, buildings can't jump.
You breathe through  ?
He was percussed. 
No difference - when you gotta go, you gotta go!
The Pygmies are a bunch of cunning runts. 
They were trying to start a business.
Shooting arrows at lovers is a Cupid stunt.
At the end of the day, a stiff gets buried either way.
Nothing... yet.
So they can see the battle.
Because these colors don't run
She can't find the key and doesn't know where to come in.
Friend has an eyepatch on for some reason or another and I'm running out of decent jokes.
(scream) APPLE!!!
Don't know.  Its never been done before.
He made no sense. I tried, I really did.
A white cross emblazoned on a white background!
They tell you.
He doesn't need to tell him to shake the martini. 
Mt. Rushmore! Happy presidents day! 
The knock speeds up. 
He owns one of those antique steamboats, the kind with the giant wheel on the back, and he actually sails with it. In rivers of course, the open ocean is far too choppy, and would damage the antique boat. Anyway, he's got an entire house set up on the boat, complete with living quarters, entertainment rooms, and even a workout room. Sometimes Roland likes to bring guests on the boat, once there was this fat chick named Mary, she spent her whole time in the exercise room burning fat, she was pretty proud of herself for it too. Roland still takes the boat up and down various rivers to this day,  with the big wheel keep on turning, Proud Mary keep on burning, Roland, Roland, Roland on the River!
All she could sing was, "Law, law, law, law, law, law, law."
Currier.
No but have you seen the Dragon in the kitchen?
A Tattoo. 
So their feet don't smell like pussy.
He got lemonaids.
A racing club
Home Depot.
They're full of acidic juice.
The extrovert looks at the other person's shoes.
He married his cousin.
He got off on a technicality.
Gloves! Haha I'm joking. He hasn't opened it yet.
Barbecue sauce
I heard he got it from Putin.
You'll eventually end up with enough bricks to build a free garage.
One to screw in the lightbulb and one to give me a blow job while I supervise. 
Because they're ugly and they stink!
Because they're always under pressure!
You can talk to your mate while they are sitting on you face!
Karma?
Baby don't hurt me.
Two. The trick is getting them in there. 
A slow poke. 
Because he was Snowden.
One. Five. One. 
2 . One to screw it in and another to say, "I could do that".
Because he hasn't.
How many union carpenters does it take to change a light bulb? None, that's a fuckin electricians job How many union electricians does it take to change a light bulb? 12, you got a fuckin problem with that? How many corporate executives does it take to change a light bulb? 2 one to mix the Martinis and one to call the fuckin electrician. How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb? One, but the bulb has to really WANT to change. How many bikers does it take to change a light bulb? None, bikers aren't afraid of the dark
You take your shoes off to jump on the trampoline.
None. We don't address hardware issues.
It's for my sister. 
A. Pink fluff. Q. What's blue and fluffy? A. Pink fluff holding its breath Q. What's green and fluffy? A. Moss.
Someone who stays up all night wondering if there is a dog.
"Oh, how I pine for you!"
My penis.
Petite (Basin Tss)
Tickles...
NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN!
We would have called it a teeth brush
Dr. Dre
Flappy Bird.      
(A)........ They're both fun to ride until your friends find out.
How do you make a dog say meow? Put it in the freezer, then get a chainsaw and cut it. MEEEEEEEOOOWWW!!
Convirgin.
Ugly sheep.
A: Mohammered.
the front row to a Willie Nelson concert
If you're not careful, you can pop a ball.
Not being retarded
A boy takes a bath with bubbles. Want to hear a dirty joke? Bubbles was the name of the girl next door. (Told by my pastor)
Def Leppard.
That way they can see the hooker give the money back.
Don't kid yourself.
A comical flask.
An envelope!
With the force and knife.
He has a sign on the door that says "Either way, you get your dog back."
An impasta
Because they have developed very good punch quality.
A shampoodle
Inxs
His personality.
Having to go inside and ask for a coathanger
During any conversation he's looking at YOUR shoes. 
Did you planet?
... ... Batman!
Give them a test-tickle
Honey, I'm home!
Because prostitutes can wash their crack and sell it again.
DOUCHE
I'm like Sherlock, holmes.
To get to the other side.
What did one snowman say to the other snowman?                                                                                     Hey, do you smell carrots?
A pilot, you racist!
A spider. (They have two legs and an additional six legs also)
I can’t decide whether you are a fruitcake or a doughnut! 
They're all in jail.
They only wanna go down on her once a month
A meowntain
The vegetable.
Data
They're both fucking close to water.  (credit goes to my dad for this one...)
A natural log
Because the punchline is to long

Can I push your stool in?
An erection.
It's a classic coming-a-phage story.
The ones with food.
It was being irrational.
Because he doesn't have a tail.
The tender ones (Badum Tss)
Relative Humidity
Because 7 was a registered six offender 
Twister
Feed it laxatives.
They're going right over my head.
She gets a frog in her throat at 69! Wakka wakka wakka!
A token ring.
I was in a pub in far Western Queensland last Saturday night, when this really brutally ugly girl came up to me, squeezed my arse and said, "Give me your number, sexy." I replied "Have you got a pen?" She smiled and said "Yes." I replied, "Well you better get back to it, before the farmer notices you're missing." 
She threw out all the W's.
One potato two potato three potato splat! 
Because they actually work.
Slow runners. 
A woebot. :(
A flat minor.
When I'm choking the lawnmower, I don't stick my dick in it.
My mom just broke one of her ribs shoveling snow. (Really mom? You're 60 years old, with a snowblower, with a husband who was literally 10 minutes away from coming home) Anyway, does anyone have any good jokes involving ribs? I know the Adam/Eve ones...any others? 
Thomas decieded to live his life in service to the Lord. So he went to the nearby monastery to join the Benedictine order of monks there. Thomas was welcomed by Brother John, who gave him a tour of the monastic life. Thomas was excited and eager to join. Brother John laid out the conditions of induction into the order. Before Thomas would be accepted he would need to complete a 3 year probationary period.  During this time, Brother John explained, Thomas would have to strictly adhere to vow of silence and could not communicate in any way with anyone.  At the end of each year, Thomas would be allowed to speak only one word. If he passed the 3 year probation satisfactorily, he would be become a full brother of the order. Thomas, thinking, what is such a small sacrifice for service to the Lord, agreed and began his 3 year probation.  Life is the monastery was calm, and Thomas passed his time with study of the monks and Benedictine order.   Then, about halfway through the first year he ran out of toothpaste. What could he do? He had to suffer with nasty breath and teeth until when the year was up he was allowed to speak his one word for the year: "Toothpaste" he said. The other brothers understood and brought him some toothpaste. The second year started well, but he popped a button off his tunic, and it let the cold air of winter in, chilling him to the bone. That was a tough and long winter for Thomas! Finally the second year was up and his chance to say his one word. Thomas said, "Button."  The bothers understood and sewed a new button on his tunic.  During his last year, Thomas thought he was in the home stretch and all would be fine when the buckle on his sandal broke and made a clanking sound whenever he walked. The noise worried Thomas, who was naturally humble and self-conscious. At last the 3rd year of his probation ended, and he spoke his one word, "Buckle."  The bothers understood and fixed the buckle on his sandal. As it was the end of his probation, Thomas was brought before the council of monks where they reviewed his record.   After some deliberation and whispered discussion, Brother John looked at Thomas and said: "Well Thomas, we're afraid that you are not a good fit here.  We've decided that you have failed your probation." Thomas was crestfallen. He'd done everything they wanted without error, and took great pleasure in the pious service of the Lord.  Thomas pleaded, "Why?" Brother John looked at him and said, "The problem is, all you ever do is complain."
They both have a one in 100 million chance of being human.
Call in the swat team!
I'm never doing THAT for two bucks again. 
They were bringing up the rear.
"can't anchor us"  /bow..  this is as clever as i get, people..   so sorry.
They all had masters
It's like Russian Roulette except all the chambers are loaded. edit: "chambers," not "barrels"
Man: I can't pee, doc! Doctor: How old are you? Man: I'm 90 years old. Doctor: Oh, you've peed enough! Heard this one in a bathroom at Walmart.
Because blonde men are idiots too.
dead ants... dead ants... dead ants, dead ants, dead ants, dead ants, dead aaaaantsss 
The 
They both know when it's time to turn things over.
A red head, a brunette, and a blonde are stranded on an island, but can see the mainland off in the distance. Not feeling any sense of danger, the gang decides to race back home.  "How about this," suggests the brunette, "we'll all swim back, doing a breast stroke, and the last one to make it has to buy drinks for us all." The red head and the brunette make it back in about an hour, but the blonde is nowhere to be found. Two days later, the blonde shows up, wet and clearly exhausted.  "You guys were cheating! I saw you using your arms!" A blonde walks into a hardware store, buys a microwave, and leaves. The next day, she returns the microwave. "I couldn't get the damn thing to change channels."
A brunette is on a busy street across from a department store she needs to visit, and is looking for an intersection to cross over when she spots a blonde walking out of the store. The brunette waves and calls out over the traffic noise, "hey there! How do I get to the other side?" The blonde looks confused and calls back, "you ARE on the other side!" 
Cowboys can sit three abreast in the front seat of a pickup truck that way.
Neither can finish a play.
Page two in Google search results!
Cannibalism
Because, he ate the pizza before it was cool. 
Adult porno. Kiddie porn is gross, you sick fuck!
By Celibating!
Pure Heroine by Lorde.
Justin
Scaaaaaarrves
He worked it out with a pencil.
Testicular Cancer Society: Hi there, did you receive our email? Me: No... why? Testicular Cancer Society: Maybe you should check your junk.
"Hey anon, do you want to know why your grandmother and I had so many children?" "Why's that, Grandpa?" "No TV."
Watch the second half.
Because he's an Xboxer.
None. They wait for the electrician to make a mistake and yell at them for doing it wrong.
Lean meat!!
Vladimir Putting
Incase he got a hole in one!
Your chron-tact.
I want to be more outgoing.
close the door, I'm dressing!
Because he kept calling "One Love"
Because they have great toe fu. 
A Dairy Queen.
They say it's going to be 10 inches, then end up only being 4 to 6.
Four. One to hold the lightbulb and three to smoke until the room starts spinning!
Boo-bees.
One.
Little Caesars 
My friend Andrew met a girl in the pub last night, and they ended up going home together. Tonight the girl walks into a supermarket and on her way round she sees Andrew...He was stacking washing powder boxes onto the shelves. "Andrew you lying bastard" she yells "last night you told me you were a stunt pilot!" "No" he says "I told you I was a member of the Ariel display team."
Philip Hoffman's belt.
Beat em in a bowl for three hours.
It's gotta be getting kicked in the balls.  Every time a woman has a kid she starts talking about wanting to have another, but I've never heard of a man asking to get kicked in the balls again.
...played footbal but lost and made ppl sad as fuck. joke's on the ppl cus their sad as fuck and i dont care 
Hocus Focus
Did you hear about the proctologist who became and English teacher? He specializes in teaching analogies.
The blowout
2, it only takes two people to carry a trash-can.
Rubidium's.
The broncos
Because if it was the Coke Half-Time there would have been a hologram of Tupac or the Beetles instead of Bruno Mars.
The Beatis. 
One. Unless it's a blowout then the whole team shows up. 
He kept beating a dead horse.
Bordercross

Don't go in my thongoh
Jack Daniel's is still killing indians.
Bob
Because she was a woman!
Don't worry, they will let you know as soon as they can
Polar bears gather around the ice hole. 
You could say he was surrounded by assholes.
He gave her a ring. 
Too long for here, read comments.
Because he likes Dicks.
Her son's dick tastes funny
pumpkin
Because he was still at large. 
San Andreas fault. 
Because Indiana sucks and Wisconsin blows
In Geometrees. I am not embarrassed to say I made this up two weeks ago while teaching quadrilaterals. The groan from my students could be heard for miles.
Because it keeps the Doctor away!
My ass. TL'DR - My ass.
Nihon-jeans (Nihon-jin)
Because they like the scenes where the prostitutes return the money to their clients.
A recycling TIN!
The lady that had the recipe died.

It's about time.
Because he doesn't want to be spotted
Keep your mouth shut and you'll never get caught. 
Patio Furniture
When you sniff paint, you get high
Have you ever tried to pull apart a grilled cheese?
He wax off. 
Just trying to make a Polish girl I like laugh
DR.Dre
Where you left it
Depends...
They have a Bobba Fetish
Cross country.
A cop pulled me over the other day for speeding. After giving me the ticket, he teases me a bit about my out of state plate and the fact that I'm driving a car that's in my Dad's name. He points to my dash and asks, "Is that a radar detector I see?" Me: I don't know. Cop: Is that a radar detector I see? Me: I don't know it's my Dad's car. It's just always been there, but it does let me know every time I pass a Krispy Kreme. He smirked, said, "Good one. Now slow down."
Because once you've seen Juan, you've seen Jamaul.
Attempted murder.
The original joke is childish.
I need some new material for the court house. 
Because property is theft.
José and Hose B
It's his altar ego.
Because there was 2 basketball courts. DUH!
He was looking for the Captain's log.
In   by David Foster Wallace, at one point there's a line -  "...asking Mario if he knows what you call three Canadians copulating on a snowmobile."   But he doesn't say the punchline.  I'm assuming maybe this is a commonish kinda joke?  I've tried to think of what the punchline is but can't.  
How many psychiatrists dose it take to change a light bulb? One, but the light bulb has to want to change.
Justinice.
So women know where to stand in the kitchen. 
Tequila. 
In Africa
They dough nut have anything in common.
He got out on bale.
Wipe
They use a machine gun.
Two. One to screw in the light bulb, the other to hold the   ladder. 
He brews it.
They always go off on tangents in class.
The sausages.
Spot.
I don't mind a 5k, but my running group wants to a 10k. I don't like them.
Billable vowels.
Because no matter the sport, he would always play write 
Why does it have to be a group activity?!
Because there are 3 periods and only 2 pads. 
Just one, but it takes three episodes.
Just one.
In case you don't know the format, here's a few examples. What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pond?  Bob. What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pot?  Stu. What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pile of leaves?  Rustle. What do you call a man with no arms and no legs no head and no torso?  Dick. What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pothole?  Phil. What do you call a man with no arms and no legs on a barbershop floor?  Harry. Etc etc... Share you favorites!
Nun
Because he didn't mufasa.
With 69 you see the cunt coming at you.
A faux!
Send down four skin divers. 
Because they won't hold a public erection.
It was "two" tired. 
The Pillage People. 
They rated it ARrrrrrrr 16. 
All the blood goes to your head.
Popeye kicked his ass!
A wind tunnel.
a PLANE biscuit
Because it saw the salad dressing.
A jelly baby.
Three. A right ear, a left ear, and a final frontier.
Same time next month?
They're both load-bearing
It was made of pranks.
Chicks are for kids!
Its fucking in tents!
Jiu Jitsu.
Bunnylingus!
A swallow who ate after 6pm. 
Nothing, they're both stuck up cunts.
Swim for it.
Shark infested mashed potatoes.
My room mate came up with this one earlier, has anyone ever heard it?
They tried to skate on the river before it was cool.
Whipped cream.
Did you hear the one about the Concubine and the Muse...? Fucking Inspirational...!!!
Fan-fucking-tastic!
Hebrews it!
Flip it upside down.
They don't work out. 
Because she had beef with him. 
Disaster 
I don't know why they did it but they must have had a pretty 'loco' motive.
The position of the dirtbag
North Koreans have no Seoul.
No? Then how do you put them on?
Surrey. 
Incontinent.
Two Guys are walking down the street after leaving the bar. When they look across the street and see a dog licking himself. The one guy goes to the other, "man I wish i could do that", and then his friend says, "Don't you think you should try petting him first?" 
A stern letter from the ethics committee and an immediate cessation of funding. *stolen from I Fucking Love Science
He stays awake all night wondering if there is a dog.
[deleted]
Wipe his ass.
An assless chap.
Yes, there is a vas deferens!
What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music? What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music?
By the ears
that's not funny! >:(
Cactus has little pricks on the outside
Because the bong threatened to get him baked.
Is that you, coffin?
Utter despair.
Gag
They think their children are small enough to neglect! Adapted from a Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal, I forget which one.
The city miser was on his death bed, as his last request he asked to be alone with his lawyer, doctor, and priest. “I know I am going to die” he said ” and I would like to take my money with me, so I am going to give each of you $150,000 and I want you to each make sure the money gets in the coffin.” It was a few days after the funeral when the priest over flowing with guilt finally confided to the other two that he only put $100,000 back. “I’m glad you brought it up” said the doctor, “because I have also been feeling guilty, I only put $80,000 back.” “You people should be ashamed of yourselves” stormed the lawyer “stealing money like that, am I the only honest person here? Here look at this” he said pulling out his check book, “look I wrote out a check for the full $150,000!”
he does it in heels
Because he wanted to go on a honeymoon.
Ω my ghosh 
I have no Idea.
What do you call a reptile who says "But Cowardly Lion......You've had courage..... This entire....Time"?
Will you envelope with me? (I know its Corny, but it makes me chuckle.)
First old lady had a stroke. Second old lady had a stroke. Third old lady's arm was too short to reach. 
Because two Wongs don't make a white
A stick.
Two guys walk into a bar...
They can't-elope.
None. They just sit in the dark and cry.
So they can put out a paper on December 26th.
To hear a smart politician.
The doctors actually used his foreskin from circumcision to construct his eyelids. He's OK, but just a little cock-eyed.
Please cum again!
He's okay. It was light beer.
Because it saw the salad dressing
The blonde has a higher sperm count.
Because the sea-weed.  
Attempted murder.
Because they want that 
Posession
he jumped in the mainstream
A Dell
Get jalapeño business 
With a pair of Caesars. (Thanks  )
Their CCCCUUUUUNNNNNTTTTT!!!
Because he's married.
Because they're sending them to the infantry!
Because he had a reptile dysfunction! 
Having to watch him do a half barrel roll over 8 of them. R.I.P. Bobby. Never forget.
Wooooooden Woooooooden Woooooden!
He drank his coffee before it was cool.  Credit to my 15 yo son who made this one up. I'm fairly certain he browses Reddit but he wouldn't admit it to me.  
Olive or Twist.
Hearing AIDS.
To get the quarterback!
Because they had no bars on their cells!
José and Hose-B
a conundrum
Because they always take things literally
They found her head and shoulders in the glove box
Nascar If you can even call it a sport.
Nothing. She's already been told.
Two: one to screw in the bulb and one to hold the     LADDER
All Rook same!
Everything you say goes in one ear and out the udder!
Cuatro cinco. 
He's staring at your shoes instead of his own.
one has claws at the end of it's paws...the other has a pause at the end of it's clause. 
Thoreau editing.
So you always have access to cold hard cash...
Thinking you are following someone.
"Nope" Ah, that's the spirit.
A pickpocket snatches watches.
A small medium at large
Put a nipple on it..
No, they cantaloupe.
A condescending con descending.
He uses study strategeries.
ones a complete laughing stock and the other ones a clown.

Suck my  !!!
Scratching like hell at the inside of his casket.
You put a scratch-and-sniff sticker at the bottom of the pool.
A microwave doesn't brown your meat.
Because the C-section is always messy.
"Oh, ewe"
A woman will always blow your paycheck
He had tentackles.
Goblin....
Decomposing
The epileptic oyster shucker shucks between fits. 
Keep the tip
The Harlem Shake
He burned his wiener
He was outstanding in his field.
Because it was irr-elephant
There are never enough camels to go around.
You can't marmalade your cock up a girl's arse
Whoreigami
Well, you never know!
To help the firemen find the hydrants
What's the most offensive jokes you have ever hear
In legal tender
Bark! What is his favorite canine?  Wolf! How does he like his sex? Ruff!
Iceberg Lettuce! :D
They always drive slowly near schools
A cock who stays up all night.
Because they have a hard time fitting in
Husband: "Hello, 911? Yes, there's this Hindu fellow who's been following my wife around for the past few hours, and it's starting to really creep us out. He just now got down on his knees and he's... praying, or something." 911 Operator: "Sir, calm down, there's no issue here- Hindus are well known to worship cows."
So they have somewhere to put their dip at lunch
You can't hear an enzyme! 
because of the tally-ban
Because they don't believe in higher powers!
"May I take your order?"
It's a real knee slapper.
A man and his wife were driving on the motorway when a police car signalled for them to pull over. Having stopped, the police officer walked over to the car and asked the man to unwind his window: ''Sir, are you aware of how fast you were just driving?'' The man replies, ''I'm sure I didn't break the speed limit officer.'' ''Well I just clocked you at 78'' ''Impossible officer, I never went over 70.'' ''I can assure you sir, you were well over the legal speed limit'' ''Well I can assure YOU that I never went over 70!'' At this point the man's wife interrupts: ''Excuse me officer, you're wasting your time'' ''How so?'' replies the policeman ''There's no point arguing with my husband after he's had this much to drink''
She kept on saying that everything I said was complete bullschist
A Master Baiter.
44
Because their horses would drown.

A book store.
Wipe forward!
Tulips on your organ!
Student: no he did it all by himself 
Olive Oil
A:   
Jews get really angry, but Christians just get a little cross.
Because they have foul balls.
Impeach Cobbler
Getting there before the first period.
Aluminatti foil
Tony. (A joke created by a non-redditing friend)
I'm in nursing school right now and there's a competition in one of my classes for the funniest renal joke. I can't think of any! Help?
A butler.
A hobbyte. 
It rounds them up and points them in the right direction.
NHL Players shower after three periods.
My sister’s fiance is so short that he has trouble playing computer games. The only way he can reach the keyboard is if he lies flat on the ground.
It only takes two, but the trick is getting them in the lightbulb.
HEYYY LAAADIESS
"Hole is gonna be huge."
Let's make a snowman!
A happy orca. 
I have 2020 vision.
It doesn't matter, he wont come when you call it!
'Murica came first.
If it had four it'd be a sedan.
She only eats vegetables
The Ohm Depot.
I can't jelly my dick in your mouth.
Piece of cake.
50 cents. That's Ludicris!
I just don't get it, so it is either meant to be absurd/nonsensical or I am missing historical context: Q:What do you know about Damascus? A:It kills 99% of germs.
One has hope in her soul and the other has soap in her hole
A 'murical.
........................... ........................... I have the first :) Stole it from 50 first dates.
I can count three from here!
Pubs
Because it's insecure. It has trust issues.
REDDIT
"Hi, Cliff "
....
Because he was a fungi.
Hebrews it.
A robber duck....
It never lets me down!
The Thalidomide Arms.
She keeps   her feet.
A brunette with bad breath. 
Alien vs Predator

She wasn't wearing a seat belt.
Well he's back in town and said he misses you.
There's a pregnant mother and her young child, here's the conversation. Mom: Honey, what do you want the stork to bring you? A little sister or a little brother? Child: Mom, if your pussy doesn't hurt too much I would like a wooden horse...
Uh-Leave!  I made this up when I was a little kid and naturally thought I was a comedic genius for many unfortunate years to come. 
Nothing.
An erotic person will use a feather on their partner. A perverted person uses the whole chicken.
Woman: Do you drink beer? Man: Yes Woman: How many beers a day? Man: Usually about 3 Woman: How much do you pay per beer? Man: $5.00 which includes a tip Woman: And how long have you been drinking? Man: About 20 years, I suppose Woman: So a beer costs $5 and you have 3 beers a day which puts your spending each month at $450. In one year, it would be approximately $5400 …correct? Man: Correct Woman: If in 1 year you spend $5400, not accounting for inflation, the past 20 years puts your spending at $108,000, correct? Man: Correct Woman: Do you know that if you didn't drink so much beer, that money could have been put in a step-up interest savings account and after accounting for compound interest for the past 20 years, you could have now bought a Ferrari? Man: Do you drink beer? Woman: No Man: What color is your Ferrari?
You take away its credit card
Anti-chromactic
Rectoplasm...
After having been served in a Las Vegas cocktail lounge, a real southern gentleman beckoned the waitress back and said quietly, "Miss, y'all sure are a luvly, luvly lady; can ah persuade y'all to give me a piece of ass?" "Lord, that's the most direct proposition I've ever had!" gasped the girl. Then she looked around the room, smiled and added, "Sure, why not? You're nice lookin' too and it's pretty slow here right now, so why don't we just slip away up to my room?" When the pair returned half an hour later, the man sat down at the same table and the waitress asked, "Will there be anything else, sir?" "Why yes," replied the southern gentleman. "Ah sure 'preciate what y'all just did for me; it was real sweet and right neighbourly, but where ah come from in Albama, we lack our bourbon real cold, so ah still need to trouble y'all for a piece uh ass for mah drink."
There was a face off at centre ice.
A new-Bourne
...it was repossessed! 
There are Poles everywhere.
the search party animal!
You don't think he did anything good? You're wrong. How about the fact that when you take your wife or gf to the airport, you no longer have to walk her all the way to the gate?
Because they backdoor their way into everything.
A song called "My Corona"
Let's meet up in the corner.
"Depends"
Headline read: Small Medium at Large
Crib death.
Finding cum stains in the back of the underwear.

Brooke Shields.
♪ I've got a golden tinkle in my eye... ♪
She was butthurt.
Scooter the unicorn.
Put it in the microwave till it's Bill Withers.

nun
You take away its tiny brooms.
Turn off their Nintendo and go to bed.  
A widow 
A Caribou
I'm Snowden!
The wonderbread man.
A rip off.
Harry Potter made it out of the chamber
Squirt(-1).
It's not going to be too expensive, though, all they have to do is add the "e" to the front.
Because get off at different times.
Is fucking intense...
A  .
A white story starts with "Once Apon a Time" and a black story starts with "Y'all ain't gonna believe this"
7
Something you do for the first week of the new year.
He tee-peed his pants.
Have a chickpea in your mouth
A fart.
The "Baracks"
Sans Sheriff! 
You can't jelly your cock down a cheerleader's throat
Too many thank you notes to write
Boy, do we have issues!
Placement of the dirt bag. 
Nothing - either way someone's gonna lose a trailer *shamelessly stolen from Robin Williams
One Mississippi.
meh
They were both caught with hands in their drawers.
I ain't buyin those fancy   Big-Government ones. The free market idn't ready.
during the weekend I went to KFC to eated while on the queue, there was a teenager in front of me when it was his turn to order, i can hear his broken english + Malay. Bcos normally when its a chinese customer the KFC staff will speak english proactively. So i guess he must've been forced to answer in english.  then he uttered something, i wasn't sure what he said.. but sounds like boobs... then the cashier asked him again cos she also not sure. then this time i heard it.. "i want chicken boob no want drumstick". I immediately burst into laughter (try to hold it) and also the other customers.. some giggled and i saw the guy at the next queue actually facepalm himself :x i think bcos of this the teenager become shy already... cos he did looked back and i saw his face.. then the cashier also dont know what is chicken boobs , so me being the good samaritan go near the counter and tell the cashier "he mean chicken breast". then the teenager thanked me. then i tell him "boob we normally use for human. for chicken use breast can dy". he nodded shyly.  when his order is done he took the tray and very paiseh walk fast fast away from the queue, while i can still hear some giggling behind Quoted as originally posted by chokolato in a Malaysian 
A turd.
Mycoxafloppin
Cowboys that suck. 
I'm game.
One sees a glass half full, the other doesn't care because the glass is going to fall and break anyways.
That even the most Orthodox Jew, and the cruelest of all the people of Al-Qaeda, will look for the same thing once they get down from a plane. A Synagogue.
Satisfying.
Play-doh.
By: 
They both came in a little behind.
Because he kneaded a poo.
He was charged with won ton destruction  
His personality
You get to meet new people everyday. 
They're both run by Unix.
Ahola.
Nobody pays to have a garbanzo bean on their face.
He goes to WUBway! 
the torque
She was on the highway and some dick cut her off.
Chernobyl fallout.
A male patient is lying in bed in the hospital, wearing an oxygen mask over his mouth and nose. A young student nurse appears and gives him a partial sponge bath. "Nurse,"' he mumbles from behind the mask, "are my testicles black?" Embarrassed, the young nurse replies, "I don't know, Sir. I'm only here to wash your upper body and feet." He struggles to ask again, "Nurse, please check for me. Are my testicles black?" Concerned that he might elevate his blood pressure and heart rate from worrying about his testicles, she overcomes her embarrassment and pulls back the covers. She raises his gown, holds his manhood in one hand and his testicles gently in the other. She looks very closely and says, "There's nothing wrong with them, Sir. They look fine." The man slowly pulls off his oxygen mask, smiles at her, and says very slowly, "Thank you very much. That was wonderful. Now listen very, very closely: Are - my - test - results - back?"
because Francisco Franco made a typo and didn't want to admit his mistake. He forced the people to change the pronunciation instead of admitting he was fallible. [ Hahah..an original joke you guys, can you believe it? I had to google Spanish dictator and Francisco Franco was the name that came up]
Long neck or giraffed?
a vanilla shake
The taste.
There are those who are waiting to get in it and then you have those wanting too get out of it.
Because there is no John. 
No, he was baroque.
Herp-n-derp-es
That even the most Orthodox Jew, and the cruelest of all the people of Al-Qaeda, will look for the same thing once they get down from a plane. A Synagogue.
Keep the tip
Molar opposites. 
Fluorida!
You're in some sticky shit.  

A nun falling down the stairs 
Michael J. Fox.
To keep his nuts dry!
Chicken Tenders.
The   episode.
One porks women the other un-porks them. 
Half a cat. 
A white horse fell into a mud puddle! ............ And then another horse started having sex with it.
the I see you.
It was a tad unexpected.
Paper tits

Ten.
I think everyone in this bank just saw my face.
Depends.
He knows where all the naughty girls live. I actually heard this in the video game LA Noire. Thought it was pretty funny so I bust it out every Christmas.
Luckily for him I was still up playing my bagpipes
Juana Sum Peeksa.  
Her teacher told her to do an essay. 
To pick is to make a selection... And choose are what Cubans wear on their feet.
Because porkin isn't kosher.
Because air is free. 
I think you're condensating for something.
A teacup is what the British drink out of and a pea cup is what the Mexicans drive.
He got coal for Christmas.
Over-Yeezy.  
My grandfather always said, "Don't watch your money, watch your health." So one day while I was watching my health, someone stole my money. It was my grandfather.
Because they won't stop fucking up
A tire.
Because he only comes once a year
There will never be another ewe.
Trust me
I need some for tonight. 
Curiosity.
So they dont forget it.
A dog with a hair lip
I want a refund: there's not one darn thing about how to kill a bird   in this book.
An Italian astronaut :-D
So they can get a better grip on their broom. 
Knock knock Who's there? I eat mop I eat mop who?
Hey baby, wanna see the exponential growth of my natural log?
Because Chernobyl fall-out.
The Reich-stag!
You don't fuck an orange after you peel its skin. Credits go to my friend for telling me.
Manuel labour.
Because they never part with them 
Alpine Chinos
UDDERLY SURPRISED! (Edit: UTTERLY to UDDERLY)
CON Edison.
Because of the violins inherent in the cistern.
North Poleish 
A Banananananana Banananananana! 
suet
"It's Christmas, Eve."
Wonton endangerment.
Because if they are they'll tell you, and if they aren't you don't want to insult them.
Boograr
Residue.
Wiped.
Be nice to him.
"It looks like we're going to Neverland."
He was skating before it was cool
BMWs have the pricks on the inside! 
Veni, Vidi, Veni.
Ohmmmm, Ohmmmm, Ohmmmm...
It may take me a minute to get hard, I just got laid by this chick. 
Both want to be real boys
I am a ski instructor and I've recently been teaching these two boys who are 6 and 8 year old brothers. I realized today that I know zero jokes appropriate enough or funny to this demographic. I feel like they think I am super boring. Give me some help to make the chairlift more exciting!!
Cut a hole in the ice. Put a line of peas around the hole. When the polar bear takes a pea, kick him in the ice hole.
Because the waves keep going "shhhhhh".
Gangsta wrappers! 
He was running a little behind
We Vishnu a Merry Krishnas.
The woman.
He was making a long-distance caw.
Just follow the Fresh Prints
If you can't helium, and you can't curium, then you might as well barium.
None, they will all just stand there complimenting it and get pissed when it wont screw. 
I ran into him the other day, he wanted me to tell you hello...
He ate pizza before it was cool.
Because he's married. 
I don't know, that's why I'm asking you.
A ninety-year-old man went to the doctor and said, "Doctor, my eighteen-year-old wife is expecting a baby." The doctor said, "Let me tell you a story. A man went hunting, but instead of a rifle, he picked up an umbrella by mistake. When a bear suddenly appeared and charged at the man - he picked up the umbrella, shot the bear, and killed it." The man said, "Impossible. Someone else must have shot that bear." The doctor said, "My point exactly!"
His hand slipped.
...because they're ugly and they smell bad!
...A  ( I'll see myself out.. :)
I don't want to go TOO over the top, and I definitely don't want to actually damage anything. But he has a pretty good sense of humor.
They all get stoned constantly.
Catonese
... he drank his coffee 
I thought not...
A Meow-tain!
sauerkraut! (sour kraut) 
Owl
He got behind in his orders
Baster! Baster!
Both don't shower until after 3 periods.
Yep.  He's still pushing apples.
You think you've got AIDS
Merry Crips-mas
"Hebrew".
Pink Floyd kept going after the wall.
A mechanic!
To keep the Nazis in Czech!
Eve, she made Adam's banana stand.
Yemen
Its white and on their land.
It won't be long now...
Because they make everything up.
Because love means nothing to them.
this isn't even a joke... some of y'all are borderline retarded, "I don't get it" is like a given for 50 upvotes around here. If you don't get a joke, just take the L and move on to the next post....
The middle school boy just wants to snatch a kiss. 
Getting a right call.
Wine-er-melon
Just gopher it.
μ
They can smell it but they can't eat it
Pho Soup
Talking while driving.
Because their balls cover their assholes and they vapor lock.
None, "she fell".
Because he is ashamed of fucking the chicken.
Keep the tip
She was all over the radio.  And the dash. And the windshield...
He worked it out with a pencil.
A really good watch.
It had a hard drive.
A rip off.  (Da da tshhh) 
Doughnuts. 
Uncle Bens rice.
Joke. Ok, But do you wanna hear a longer joke? Joooooooooooooooooooooooooke
A computer accepts a 3.5 in. floppy.
He tells them to "Give Peas a Chance"
Prime mates
"Everyone got seat belts on back there?"
He was ahead of his time.
You are the man of the house now.
NOTHING!
Tie watermelons to the bottom of a lake
The two greatest teams in the history of the known universe.
Bagels. I'll be here all night, people!
A group of prisoners are in their rehabilitation meeting. Their task for today is to each stand up in turn, speak their name and admit to their fellow inmates what crime they committed. The first prisoner stands and says, "My name is Daniel and I'm in for murder." Everyone gives him approving looks and pats on the back for admitting his wrongdoing. The next guy stands up and says, "My name is Mike and I'm in for armed robbery. " Again, there is a round of approving looks. This goes around the circle until it gets to the last guy. He stands up and says, "My name is Luke, but I'm not telling you what I'm in for." The group leader says, "Now, come on, Luke, you have to admit it to us to make any progress. Tell us what you did. " "OK, then. I'm in for fucking dogs." Everyone i s disgusted ! They all shout, " What?? !! How LOW can you get ! " "Well, I did manage to fuck a dachshund one time, but I had to lift her back legs up a little," Luke replies.
"You Irwin some you Irlose some" Then he dieded.
How do you get the elephant out of the theatre? You can’t. It’s in his blood.
Just one, you chauvinist asshole!
Salt.
Everything is priced in pesos. 
WATERBOARDING!!!
They put it in Solitaire confinement.
Spitting, swallowing, and gargling. 
It was 2 tired...
He said "Meet Patty"
Fettuccini Alfedora.
his biancée
His dick tastes like shit.
Flatbush
Buock choi
Sig-fig Newtons
....An instagram. 
A couple were Christmas shopping. The shopping center was packed , and as the wife walked through one of the malls she was surprised when she looked around to find that her husband was nowhere to be seen. She was quite upset because they had a lot to do and so she became so worried that she called him on her mobile phone to ask him where he was. In a quiet voice he said, "Do you remember the jewelers we went into about five years ago where you fell in love with that diamond necklace that we couldn't afford, and I told you that I would get it for you one day?" The wife choked up and started to cry and said, "Yes, I do remember that shop." He replied, "Well, I'm in the pub next door."
Itookalook
This is really just a bad pun, but to me those are the best kind of jokes Pluto strikes from the back and destroys Uranus.
Nevermind, it's too cheesey.

It was awesome
It's okay...he woke up.
Nm, it's too cheesy.
It was pretense.
because I put the wrong sock on this morning... :(
It's like a quickie except you do it yourself.
Yoko Ono
The mistress says "Oh darling! That was  !" The wife says "Beige. I think we'll paint the ceiling beige."
Let's go ride bikes!
She was all dressed up with no place to go!
Neither did his audience.
An OxyMoron!
surreal 
It failed the Smaug test.
"Hey, can I push your stool in?"
The share one gets in an oral-sex tensome.
Because he's Snow'd-in!
What did one earring say to the other? You go on a head, i'll just hang round 'ere
Because he killed Candy-Abel 
They were too far out, man.
Radical
They Duckerate cookies. ...lol...
Ohio
A leprechaun!
He wrote complete works of friction.
One of them was captured but the other two vanished without a tres. 
Joke is the title. If you don't get it, think about it a bit.
Coincerned
That way he just shits bricks.
His toga size went from L to XL.
You're outta line!
It's called Innuendo...
They don't... they just talk about how good the old one was.
His mummy.
You tell her to read a basketball.
Wife - "Where the hell have you been?  You said you'd be done with golf by noon!” Husband - "I'm so sorry, Honey, but you probably don't want to hear the reason.” Wife - "I want the truth, and I want it NOW!” Husband - "Fine.  We finished in under 4 hours, quick beer in the Clubhouse, I hopped in the car, and would have been here at 12 on the button.  On the way home, I spotted a girl half our age struggling with a flat tire.  I changed it in a jiffy, and next she's offering me money.  Of course, I refuse it - then she tells me she was headed to the bar at the Sheraton - and begs me to stop so she can buy me a beer. She's such a sweetie, I said yes.  Before you know it - one beer turned to three or four, and I guess we were looking pretty good to each other.  Then she tells me she has a room at the Sheraton less than 50 steps from our table. She suggested we get some privacy while pulling me by the hand.  Now I'm in her room ... clothes are flying ... the talking stopped ... and we proceeded to have sex in every way imaginable. It must have gone on for hours, because before I know it the clock says 5:30.  I jumped up, threw my clothes on, ran to the car, and here I am.  There. You wanted the truth ... you got it.” Wife - "Bullshit! You played 36 holes, didn't you!?”
Hebrews it.
She says, "Daddy, I want a new apartment."
She had no arms. Knock Knock? Who's there? ….Not Kelly.
Idiots that couldn't hunt or fish.
The "head" nurse.
A paragraph.Why?Because he's too short to be an essay.
Can we just bury this?
Because it had no Guts.
He disappeared with a puff.
Make-bereave
Your girlfriend has to chew before she swallows.
Optional.
I don't hate this bar, but I pity the stool.
So that they can hear each other over their clothes
Ja Mall
Because they spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
Where you put the cucumber....
Her pussy is well cultured.
Too many Cheetahs! 
Youve foiled my plans again!
Snow balls!
They don't have to go through as many obsticles.
From scratch.
Because they're all dead. As told by my best friend, in light of the Indian joke.
(Gagging noise) My all time favorite joke.
White noise.
Because he could nazi!
50 cent, featuring Nickleback.
Ben Dover and Phil Mcrakkin
A veterinarian (veteran aryan).
There are so many Wings and Wongs, you might wing a wong number.
On every Dec. 7, he would attack Pearl Bailey.
That was a dildon't 
A:Why the fuck are you shaking, she's going to eat me!
He had locomotives.
Because 25 DEC = 31 OCT.
Only two, but I don't know how they get in there.
Two dam bad!  (OC!)
They like being stationery.
Kinky is using a feather. Perverted is using the whole chicken. 
I heard he has some loco motives. (Locomotives)
Paul Walker wouldn't be caught dead in a KIA.
My ass.
Farfrompoopin'
He needed more coal anyway.
Nothing... she just mmmooOOOAAAANNnnnsssss...
Both are yelling at the same kid.
Only one, but with a perticular FETISH
You know you shouldn't but you are going to put your tongue on it eventually.
It's a really obscure number.  You've probably never heard of it.  
He was taking a sheet.
Costa Deli-Sol
After many speech errors, mispronunciations, apparent Freudian slips, rumors began to swirl that President Bush may be dyslexic. At a press conference the following month, one journalist found the courage to ask "Mr. President, is there any truth the the current rumor that you are, in fact, dyslexic?" To which he emphatically replied, "ON!"
A graduated cylinder. This is the only joke I've ever thought of.
breaking the seal on a rock. 
Someone's ring gets broken.
He took everything literally
A bit cross.
A small medium at large. 
Take your foot off of their head.
Keep the tip
Sandusky
Because he gets so many letters from dyslexic children.
They both hate concentration camps.
Juice
Gingers just don't last in the sun.
Because he only comes once a year!
To sit on Pinnochio`s face and hope he tells lies.
A bleached whale!
TWERQY.
Abdull.
Just one guy with a really weird fetish. 
Their reaction when someone asks if they want to get baked.
Hayyyyyyy
That's methed-up!
A: Chump day.
I am not sure,  I haven't seen them try and I can't do it either.
Lukewarm
A 
His grades were below sea level    
Because she uses the other one to sing.
Branch Manager
Only one fifth of what comes out of her vagina is retarded.
Because that ass is calling me!
Sold his soul to Santa.
A Pasta-tute! 
Def Leppard
Little Caesars
f(x), where f(x) = the optimal number of x for establishing a humorous stereotype.
Having to convince your parents you're Haitian... Some context: When the AIDS epidemic really started to hit America, it was often called "4H Disease" after the people at most risk: Haitians, Haemophiliacs, Heroin Users and Homosexuals. 
A firm believer
It was wrong on so many levels.
Scamdium.
You put it in your shoe, and it makes you limp.
A Scamtron.
She was taken in by the coppers.
Mount rushmore
He's in all the papers. ...Ba-dum bum
Occam's razor
It's no bad luck to walk under a truck.
Kick em.
None they just compliment it and get pissed when it won’t screw.
Rosa Parks
It tastes sweeter the younger it is.
BBQ sauce
A) a viscous circle. 
Because the last one who had a dream got shot.
Need some more Billy & Highliner Jokes. One is "Hey billy you ever been to sea" "No Captain Highliner but I have been blown ashore"
It's making head lines....
Kick his sister in the chin.
Slobodan Mikokubic

A ginja... Ensue mildly dramatic slow clapping.
Because he only comes once a year. 
Oh never mind, I'll just sit here in the dark...
Because he only comes once a year
He wears mittens.
One.
Kermit's fingers.
To get to the other side!
Neither did she.
A:Kick his sister in the jaw!!
He wasn't comfortable with having that much time on his hands. 
An Audi.    
You brown it! 
It didn't match with the Iron Curtains. 
Gas giant.
a school bus full of Negros going off a cliff.
You may have to give me a few minutes to get hard, I just got laid this morning. 
Assuming it takes place in a vacuum, approximating the lightbulb as a point particle, Assuming it takes place at precisely 300 K, and ignoring the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle: π/3
...Dr. Dre
The reposts on reddit.
He stole the show!
A stick.
Denim, denim, denim.  edit: (works best if said out loud)
The Sound of Silence. 
Albert Camoo
How'd you get their tiny legs open?
so little tyrome is in the locker room getting changed for gym class. He notices that he has the biggest penis in his class and from the looks of it the whole third grade. He goes home that day and asks his dad, "hey dad, ive got the biggest penis in the third grade. is it because im black?" His dad replies, "no tyrone its because your eighteen"
It's amazing. I didn't even know they could knit! waaaaaaka waka.
The taste!
With a crowbar.
He drowned in his tea-pee.

well stop doin anal.
You have to get out and check to see how bad your car is damaged.
Because the deals are such..A nigger
Microsoft Word.
My girlfriend is wanting to get kinky in an elf costume tomorrow, and Santa is in need of some good puns for the naughty dirty talk...
6 Below
You don't want to know.

About tree fiddy.
A crowbar.
Nice belt.
Hold on to your nuts, this is no ordinary blow job.
He got too attached to his work.
Cancer.
They are out standing in their field.
He pinned it on someone else.
It's Allah this world!
they only had one pickup
He got a way with words.
The sexual tensions
Instagram
It hasn't come out yet though. ....
Because there's not mushroom!
Because they dig homes.
They throw a drawer of silverware down the stairs and name it whatever sound it makes.
Little boysenberries.
It was an udder disaster.
He's scared of getting nailed into the boards
His life was at stake. Badum psh.
She said "If you like your Dr. Pepper, you can keep your Dr. Pepper."
How do you make a gay guy fuck a woman?  
Because the grass tickles their balls.
Because he was fat.
Toowet Towoo
How do you breathe through that thing?
They cut a little off before they know how big it's going to be.
I've had enough of your shit.
A one-legged man in an ass kicking contest.
Mexicane.
Eclipse it. Ha.
A Faggot.
You don't.
He worked it out with a pencil.
If you had an one-legged horse, what would you name it?  Flattery.
Social netwerking
Darn tootin'!  (this is so dumb im sorry)
Because Ken came in a different box. Badum tiss.
Because when you see it, you turn one degree and walk away.
They become "super" glue!
To get a byte to eat...
He was invited to thunday math. 
The gorilla gets out to shit.
take a taxi
The cat shat on the mat.
Buddha-pest.
-She wore her New Jersey! Why did California? -She called to ask Hawaii. Where did Chicago? -The same place Oregon Where has Oregon?  I don't know but Alaska. She said she went to pay her Texas. What did Missisip? She sipped a Minnesota. What did Tennessee? The same thing Arkansas How did Wisconsin? He robbed an Oklahoma using a Kentucky. 
Holy Braille 
Depends ...
Her husband had a holloween-ie.
Only four more sleeps 'til Christmas!
Nothing, they were both stuck up bitches.
I don't have a Cadillac in my garage
A Green Bean
Depends on which direction she wipes...
Because he only comes once a year!
Is sad but now has five more potato for all of Latvia.
She kept sitting on Pinocchio's face and screaming, "Lie to me, Pinocchio! Lie to me!"
Mein Camphor
Slow children.
Santa stops at three Ho's.
A small medium at large.
My girlfriend never laughs at my jokes
First, you cut a hole in the ice, then you sprinkle some pees around the hole. When the polar bear goes to take a pee, you kick him in the ice hole!
Because 7 is a registered 6 offender.  Not because 7-8-9. 
Achoo Achoo!
No?  It's because "A peace if crap was already taken."
None! In Soviet Russia, light bulb changes you!
So they don't get mistaken for feminists. 
because three Wrights make a left.
I'm not sure, but their flag is a big plus.
Hebrews!
(A)...... Clinton wouldn't come clean.
You can't get kids to eat broccoli.
a command
Do tell.
The Iguanodon
Hehe... 'screw' Alternatively: 69, but everyone expects that one.
The Wheelchair!
The bread has more culture.
A donkey.
The handicap.
Ten tickles.
No-eye deer!  Note: we are from Hicksville, USA. This may not make sense without the Midwestern accent. 

The second one's a race for the cure. Shamelessely stolen from  .
I can't peanut butter my dick into your ass.
Write "Please turn over" on both sides of a page and hand it to her. 
A periodic table.
Now he's just somebody that we used to know
If you're forced to try it as a kid.. you probably wont like it as an adult.
An eavesdropper!
Juan on Juan
Bidet, mate. 
Tequila!
Toucan play at that game!
Son they can both look out the window.
Pulled a muscle.
Tell him that asylum seekers kill pedophiles.
He took the rhombus.
He was pulled under by a strong currant 
Nothing, because he is the one who knocks.
Grey Moose
Cant-elope.
Root Beer and 2 scoops of ice cream!
He took the chicken's job.
They throw one cigarette overboard and the entire boat becomes a cigarette lighter.
It was framed.
Jurassic times call for Jurassic  Measures.
00000000000001adf44c7d69767585--5572eca4dd4-db7d0c0b845-916d849af76 PM me the answer!
Ive only ever been caught stealing cookies.
They won't ever hit anything.
"Stand back - I don't know how big it's going to get!"
They can't stop licking their paws. 
Roseanne Barr bodies heh
Because it's still dressing. 
A fucking Goodyear! ! !
The woman. 
De-calf-inated
Abominable!  (say it out loud, slowly)
It's the one on the range.
Don't worry, he was cured.
Don't worry, they'll tell you.
He was hoping one would take first place, but no pun – in ten – did. 
He was a little hoarse.
The shampoo bottle put him in an infinite loop.
Ten
Alec Baldwin
A brick.
Is it your right thigh, or your left?  Or does the answer lie somewhere in the middle?
Q: Why doesn't law permit a man to marry a second woman?  A: Because as per law you cannot be punished twice for the same offense! Man: Is there any way for long life?  Dr: Get married. Man: Will it help?  Dr: No, but the thought of long life will never come.  Why do couples hold hands during their wedding?  It's a formality just like two boxers shaking hands before the fight begins!  Wife: Darling today is our anniversary, what should we do?  Husband: Let us stand in silence for 2 minutes.  It's funny when people discuss Love Marriage vs Arranged.  It's like asking someone, if suicide is better or being murdered. It is difficult to understand GOD. He makes such beautiful things as women and then he turns them into Wives. Before marriage, a man will lie awake all night thinking about something you say.  After marriage, he'll fall asleep before you finish. There's a way of transferring funds that is even faster than electronic banking. It's called marriage. Girlfriends are like chocolates, taste good anytime. Lovers are like PIZZAS, Hot n spicy, eaten frequently.  Husbands are like Dal RICE, eaten when there's no choice.  Man receives telegram: Wife dead-should be buried or cremated?  Man: Don't take any chances. Burn the body and bury the ash.  Prospective husband: Do you have a book called 'Man, The Master of Women'? Salesgirl: The fiction department is on the other side, sir. There was this guy who told his woman that he loved her so much that he would go through hell for her. They got married and now he is going thru hell.  Fact of life: One woman brings you into this world crying & the other ensures you continue to do so for the rest of your life!
Jesus may actually return some day.
Because he couldn't Mufasa!
The dead cat has skid marks around it.
Michael Bay Leaves.
Allah-peños
Irrelephant. 
They went on a Joad Trip.
The last time I dumped a load into the washing machine, she didn't follow me around for a week!
"Groundbreaking"
Submarines.
... cause you're giving me the bar
Hodor
'scat'alogical
By Stevie Wonder.
They get crabby! Badum tsss.
He was a seminal fluid dynamicist.
Beef Stroganoff.
It depends on how close they are to the Mexico-United States border.
A few months after he got home he got a call from a woman he had spent some time with while he was out of town. "Remember me from a while back? We had a few drinks and I was a good sport; we had a good time." He said, "Of course how could I forget about you Janet?" She told him, "Well, I just found out I'm pregnant... and I'm going to kill myself." The businessman chuckled and said, "WOW, you are a good sport!"

Niggers and poo are the same thing!!!!!
Kick his sister in the mouth. 
Yours.
He was reading road signs at 50 miles per hour

"I bought a new house last week but the previous owners had put a really steep staircase in.... I did ask the estate agent but they just told me that the previous owners were that way inclined." "I got caught vandalising my neighbours roof, thankfully they have forgiven me and we have moved on. Now I can start again with a clean slate" "I went to a car dealership and looked at a car that could only go in reverse. I wasn't happy but ended up buying it, i suppose that's just the way it goes...."
Freud rice.
I dunno, but the real question is how'd they get in there in the first place?
2 in the front 3 in the back and 45 in the ash tray.
They're making headlines.
Because it was pissed off!
To show girls what it's like to live with an annoying cunt.
Döppelspider
It goes pretty smoothly until you start hitting the rock. 
Let me fill you in.
bracket
In little Nazis
His pants fit like a glove
A lawyer was just waking up from anesthesia after surgery, and his wife was sitting by his side. His eyes fluttered open and he said, "You're beautiful!"; and then he fell asleep again. His wife had never heard him say that so she stayed by his side. A couple minutes later his eyes fluttered open and he said, "You're cute!"; Well, the wife was dissapointed because instead of "beautiful"; it was "cute"; She said "What happened to 'beautiful'?" His reply was "The drugs are wearing off!"
Grass. I lied about the wheels...
In pentagrams
Because he was driving under the influenza......
With Little Caesars.
Pyrex of the Caribbean
Oscar im so sorry
Tupac-aday
Tell him the snowblower is coming.
because he was in a jam
To get to the bottom!  (This was my favourite joke when I was 8) :)
Because she married Mr. Softy! 
Gloves. Nah, I'm just kidding. He hasn't opened it yet. 
Because it was steeped in tradition. 
One is white and stinks, and the other is cheese. (As told to me by the UPS guy)
He thought it was a fe-mail box
Noble gas
Quattro sinko.
Two Panes
I'm not a Canadian so get out of my fucking way! I'm Walking Here!
Someone told her drinks were on the house. 
Marriage-u-wanna?
The woman.
Helsinki
Boo Jeans
The rest drive rincolns.
Get off me, homes!
Give her a knife and ask her who is the prettiest of all  . 
He was outstanding in his field
Because nobody wants to hold an erection.
They threw a cigarette overboard, and made the boat a cigarette lighter 
there was a porkward silence
NaBrO!!
Four-tified
Binge and parge.
We were tight until that Dick came between us.
A pap schmear.
Two, one to change the light-bulb, and one to observe how it symbolizes an incandescent beacon of subjectivity in a netherworld of cosmic nothingness.  This is courtesy of Spencer Reid.(CM)
Drown them in the main stream.
Taiga Wood
None, it's already screwed in! heh.  
If it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan
None, political idealists can't change anything.
because he's always justin time
None.
They woke him up.
Rhein, Inn, Main, Po
It's a pretty obscure number, you probably never heard of it.
Boil the hell out of it.
Neil Armstrong walked on the moon.  Whereas, Michael Jackson...... Fucked little kids! I saw a video clip of one of the guys from "The Bloodhound Gang" tell a version this joke. Best delivery ever! (Just giving credit. Or blame).
Christian Bale
All of them.
If we don't get some support soon, people are gonna think we're nuts. 
Radiohead. 
Celebrity adoption.
Because he was two tired.
To whom it may concern.
An ILL-EAGLE! 2X COMBO
Because 7 is a registered 6 offender
Kill his entire family.
This guy in middle is a dick.
Because if they live by the bay, they would be bagels!
He's outstanding in his field
Inert gas.
Geometry.
Because it's fucking close to water.
Neither have they!
I don't have to beg my wife to blow my paycheck.
Chixie Dicks 
Because he was a hummusexual...
Four: One to drop it,  Three to pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up.
they have a peel
She isn't standing in the kitchen 
He turns off his Xbox, and goes to bed.
none, they blew it up already.
Juan nail at a time.
It was going to... Al's Toybarn!
My mum.
Nothing.
Only one, but it takes a shitload of lightbulbs.
A winnebago.
Because he couldn't see shit 
Wipe his ass
Because he'd drop everything
Because they're the wurst.
Because if your burn it, it gets you stoned
He could only cook eggs Sunni side up and, honestly, they tasted like Shi'ite.
Wanna go ride bikes?         My all time favorite joke.  Sorry if it has already been posted but who has the time to browse all of  .
69.
Triple Eh's.
I don't know, but the flag is a big plus. 
A group of homosexual lions
None. Babies don't have the motor skills or the depth perception to change a light bulb.
The locals call it Linoleum Blown-apart.
To see why   is screwing in lightbulbs
Carbon-14 is the most common method, I believe.
A chandiqueer
Just wait, they'll tell you.
Just one, but the light bulb really has to want to change.
Brown Chicken, Brown Cow
Four, one to change it and three to comment on the changing.
He was looking shady.
One, but it takes an entire emergency room to get it out.
He had to sit in his own pew.
It must have fallen through a crack.
Two.  One to do it, a second to keep yelling, "You're lookin' BIG, man!"
Because he was Haydn.
He's seen some shit.
Exactly the same amount as the Redditors on   and   . 

probably just one, but we may never know because they're all way too busy coming up with lightbulb jokes.
Depends on how clumsy you are.
Because Oct 31 is Dec 25
my zipper!
Drummers. 
None, there not too bright with doing anything except showing us where to go when were lost in the dark
.....Depends. 
None, they just beat the room for being black.
No more light bulb jokes!
Depends.
No one knows! The results were stolen from the Politburo just last night!
Just two but you're going to need a damn big lightbulb.
Two. One to hold it in the socket and the other to drink until the room starts spinning!
Son says, 'Father, I cannot tell a lie: I tipped over the outhouse into the creek'.  Father says 'That's it, you're going to the woodshed for some serious ass-whuppin!'  'But Father, George Washington told his dad the truth about chopping down the cherry tree and didn't get punished!'  'George Washington's father wasn't IN the cherry tree!' 
Because he hated the Bù shuō!
Light bulb.
Azkabarn
Two but it's hard to get them in!
Just one, but he'd have to watch Radiohead do it first.
An ocellate.
Two... just don't ask me how they got in there.
None. Just have the keybord player do it with their left hand.
five, one to drop it and four to two step and PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP!
Three;  one to drop the bulb and two to yell "pick it up pick it up!"
None, they just hold it in the socket and expect the world to revolve around them.
Seven. One to change it, two to take pictures, and four to make t-shirts for the event.
It's a touchy subject.
None. They'll just compliment it and get pissed when it doesn't screw.
None. They'll sit in the dark and blame the Jews
Litterbox.
Two men having sex. Whats gayer than two men having sex? Three gay men having sex.  What's even gayer? An infinite number of gay men having sex.
Six hasn't been the same since he left Vietnam. Every time he closes his eyes he sees Charlie hiding in the darkness of that forsaken jungle. Not that you could ever see those bastards, mind you. They were fast and they knew their way around the jungle. He remembers the look on the boy's faces when he walked into that village... Oh Jesus. He shouldn't think about that now. Sometimes he still hears Tex's slow southern drawl. He remember's the smell of Brooklyns' cigarettes. He always had a pack of Luckys. But the boys are gone now... He knows that. It's-- it's just that he forgets sometimes. And the way seven looks at him sometimes... It makes him think. Sets him on edge. And he feels like he back there... In the jungle... In the darkness.
Because they like the part where the hooker gives the money back to the guy.
Depends.
Boo-bees
You end up clean round the bend.  Apologies for stealing the title from   
Olive My Love
A knucklehead.
Because they often spend years at C  EDIT: made it more punny
Two cannibals doing 69.
By looking over your shoulder!
Amigo Acid
Nothing.
He was gladiator.
Because deep down they're good people
He had no body to dance with
Oh God, not the B's! Not the B's!
A Halloweenie!
Because they're full of cans. 
Because everyone was calling him a bone-head. (I was 6 when I came up with that).
EDIT: Formatting.
because they ran out of Natural Light
Because ken always comes in a different box.
Call them "carrot top"
To lift his spirits.
Grass. The cake is a lie.
"You can keep the tip".
Well, at least two, provided the lightbulb is big enough. 
A fish.
Staying up all night wondering if there really is a dog.
get in the car :P
Your mum
A Casualty (Casual-Tee, as in Tee-Shirt) 100% Guraneed Originality You can know for sure I made it up because of how corny it is...
Because its head is so far away from its body.
Hand her a shovel
He's 
A stick. 
Dairy
3 if you don't use protection. 
they have socks. goodnight folks
Omeletteyoufinish -stolen from raininginreverse on tumblr.
Stephen Hawking's
Wun-Hung-Lo
A week, a week, a week, a week, a week, a week.
Anything you want. He can't hear a thing.
They became flatman and ribbon.  has left the building.
He's taking another stab at it.
an ass that'll bring a tear to your eye
Has it been that long (Depending on the audience, it may be important to complete with a comedic pause and) ... ... since breakfast?
It was to convince the world that Mozart was Austrian and that Hitler in fact was German. 
Porcupines have pricks on the outside.
Tennish
A ketone and a primary amine walk into a bar and yell "Let's get Schiff based!"   Why couldn't the hemiacetal maintain a healthy relationship with his family?  He wasn't very stable and was never seen without alcohol.   An organic chemist wanted to reduce a ketone, but not the adjacent aldehyde. His partner suggested that he treat the aldehyde with ethylene glycol to form a cyclic acetal in order to protect the aldehyde from reduction, but he did not listen. He proceeded with the reaction, and both the ketone and aldehyde were reduced.  "This sucks," says the chemist. "I really wanted that aldehyde."  His partner says "Well, if you liked it, then you should have put a ring on it."   EDIT: Adding more as I go. Some of these are original so bear with me here.
Booze.
Your mom can't take a joke.
A bloody rip-off
...the 
Nothing because they were both stuck up cunts.
You don't have to change your profile picture for Halloween.
My girlfriend knows about my wife.
They pump kin
He got off on a technicality.
Oh,the humanities! 
Your dad's cock tastes like blood.
Dumb ones!
They vote
pi
An Instagram!
Urine angel. 
13. 1 to do it, and 12 to say they could do it better.
I hate to say I told you so. No sarcasm: I...I truly hate to say I told you so.
It's a really obscure number, you wouldn't have heard of it 
They know their limits.
He Brews It!

A-minor
He couldn't
It's called "Sex Feet Under".
Sieze the day
It's got no Seoul.
Def Leppard
DownlOdin. What do you call getting a movie about Norse gods from the Internet illegally?  Thorrenting. 
She's a small medium at large.
Benoit B Mandelbrot.
Steven Hawking
"Ve haff vays of meking you tock."
In a handicapped spot.
Humor is a shift of wit...
Because he had a boner.
It's just a fucking rock.
Miss Carriage
Nevermind, it's tearable! 
I'd tap that.
A one molar solution.
Walking through Chinatown, a tourist is fascinated with all the Chinese restaurants, shops, signs and banners. He turns a corner and sees a building with the sign, Hans Olaffsen's Laundry. Hans Olaffsen?, he muses. How in the world that name fits in here? So he decides to walk into the shop and sees an old Chinese gentleman behind the counter. The tourist asks, How did this place get a name like Hans Olaffsen's Laundry? The old man answers, Is name of owner. The tourist asks, Well, who and where is the owner? Me...is right here,replies the old man. You? How did you ever get a name like Hans Olaffsen? Is simple, says the old man. Many, many year ago when come to this country, was stand in line at Documentation Center. Man in front was big blonde Swede. Lady look at him and go, What your name? He say, Hans Olaffsen. Then she look at me and go, What your name? I say... Sem Ting. 
Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches. 
He gets the cold shoulder.
It had a terminal illness.
You stay here. I'll go on a head.
It's the Wurst.
The wheelchair.
... Cause it was stuck to the chicken. I heard that on the radio today. I LOLed.
5 MutantA MutantB MutantC MutantD and Mutiny 
Q: Why don't women wear watches? A: Because there is a clock on the stove.
Straight away. 
ANS - When you are lying face down in your front lawn and you have to hold onto the grass to keep from falling off.
'cause if I was your dad I'd be in prison.
Knock knock? Who's there?  9/11! 9/11 who? So much for "NEVER FORGET"

He was un-feta-ed of his cheese.

...High Definition
Because all they serve is cold turkey.
wife : Do these jeans make me look fat?  Me totally scared: Would you get mad if i tell you the truth?  Wife : No, i won't! Tell me.  Me : I slept with your sister  
I think the world is ready. Shoot!
I own a restaurant and I have extremely funny fortune cookies, but I'm running out of fortune ideas! Help me! I need some raunchy, dirty and insulting fortunes! Show me what you got and you could see them in a fortune cookie one day!
An Aristotalitarian Regime.
The wheelchair.
Because they can't find three wise men and a virgin.
He's dreadful.
They have hollow weenies!  .... And I'll just see myself out.
No, I guess you wouldn't have; he kept it pretty Loki.
When you drink a bad coffee in Switzerland you say, "Merci!". 
Every time they danced, they made it rain.
There's twenty of 'em.
Because she's taken enough hits.
He doesn't like to be left hanging.
When it's a jar 
Monte Cristo
What is the difference between light and hard?  If a man tries long enough, he can sleep with a light on... 
Need for Speed.
On duck tape  !
He wasn't very good at taking shots.
He got pissed off.
denim denim denim
The taste!
He won't stop banging at the door.
$100 bill.
He had to work it out with a pencil.
...WMD40. 
"Holy schist."
He ate someone who disagreed with him.
Given that the   are 343mm x 263mm x 80mm, and given a person is facing the Xbox at said point of origin, and the point of origin for said person lies 19.65 metres away from the Xbox if it is lengthways (343mm width,) or 0.73m if the xbox is upright (80mm width,) as proven in the following calculations: or One can determine that the person may turn 1 degree and proceed in a continuous forward motion in that direction, and be at an adequate distance from the Xbox to pass by without colliding with it, and walk away.  Because (given a minimum starting distance of 19.65 metres) you can turn One degree and move past the Xbox and walk away.
The wheelchair.
Nothing. They're both stuck up cunts.
An udder disaster.
You get the pleasure of punching a woman but with none of the guilt!
Now you have.
Dress her up as an altar boy
Dude! Breathe!!
So people don't mistake them for feminists
She's got no legs.
Cervical cancer...
You got the Wong guy.
He was appointed first attorney genital. 
For example, "I just need to put some ointment on my herpes, and then we are good to go." I know, I'm terrible at this! Please help!
When she got back, there were 14 more.
They both want to unzip your genes! credit goes to Hank from CrashCourse on Youtube :)
Because his wife is dead.
Because the pee is silent.
They're in-bread.
He didn't know if he was coming or going.
So not jokes like the current front page:
They're making all the headlines! Never said it was a good joke...
They boil the hell out of it.
   
So they know if they are going to the gig, or coming from it. Ta-boom!
To get away from the oboe solo.
A Cheese Kurd.
Because it's sham poo.
Because their knee grows.
It only took 1 nail to hang the picture.
Dr. Dre
Nope, they just keep the tips.
....because they were a rip off
They never get old.
I'll jizz here, eh?
Get off me holmes
It's pretty big news.
A woman decides to have a facelift for her birthday. She spends $5000 and feels pretty good about the results. On her way home, she stops at a newsstand to buy a newspaper. Before leaving she says to the clerk, "I hope you don't mind my asking, but how old do you think I am?" "About 32," is the reply. "I'm exactly 47," the woman says happily. A little while later she goes into McDonald's and asks the counter girl the very same question. She replies, "I guess about 29." " Nope, I'm 47." Now, she's feeling really good about herself. She stops in a drug store on her way down the street. She goes up to the counter to get some mints and asks the clerk this burning question. The clerk responds, "Oh, I'd say 30." Again she proudly responds, "I am 47, but, thank you." While waiting for the bus to go home, she asks a senior gentleman the same question. He replies, "Lady, I'm 78 and my eye sight is going. Although, when I was young, there was a sure way to tell how old a woman was. It sounds very forward, but it requires you to let me put my hands under your bra. Then I can tell you exactly how old you are." They wait in silence on the empty street until curiosity gets the best of her. She finally blurts out, "What the heck, go ahead." He slips both of his hands under her blouse and under her bra and begins to feel around very slowly and carefully. After a couple of minutes of this, she says, "Okay, okay, how old am I?" He completes one last squeeze of her breasts, removes his hands, and says, "Madam, you are 47." Stunned and amazed, the woman says, "That was incredible, how could you tell?" The old man replies, "Promise you won't get mad?" "Promise," she says. He replies, "I was behind you in line at McDonald's."
Shellfish.
A leperchaun! 
A pilot, you racist bastard.
His alibi.
A normal consumer aims to get the most bang for their buck. A prostitute aims to get the most buck for their bang.
When it's pure bread.
Why arent you precipitating?  (a joke me and my buddy came up with while driving. and its scientifically correct. lol)
The bass was pegged, his hook was just right, and it made all the girls shake they booty. 
{choking noises}
I need some really good cop jokes for a cop buddy of mine who is retiring, he asked for us to bring him the best so I turned to you guys. Have a field day! Edit: Thanks to everyone who posted a joke!
The girl in church has hope in her soul
WHERE DA HOOD WHERE DA HOOD WHERE DA HOOD AT?
Druma
You think it'd be R but it be the C
He was a little horse
Cheers, mate.
Coworkers say she has an excellent Twerk ethic
The cocktails are great, but it has no atmosphere. 
They are both more enjoyable with dates!
You pay her. (This was told at my pharmacy school. We laughed and then felt shame afterwards.)
Mewww.
They both look good hanging from a tree
De-calf-inated
Talk
Because he couldn't find the Droid he was looking for. 
I'm never doing that for two bucks again!
: Sweetie, will you buy me a cellphone?   : What about the other one?   : The other one is buying me a tablet.
Because he would just go home and master bait.
Not enough cement EDIT: Okay thanks for pointing out that I messed up the wording but the joke is supposed to be the funny part
They order a beer sampler and the bartender tells them to pick 6.
I am a were
He doesn't, he's dead!
Halfway, when you walk further then you will walk out of the forest! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH
Because their boobs are too big for b-shells.
About three centimeters. 
Spaghetto.
Twitter only allows 140 characters. 

There's 20 of them
Minding my own business, then next minute BOSCH.
A bad judge of character. 
Depends.
Nothing. She's already been told twice.
You oscillate its tit a lot.
You're about to meet da-feet!
A reptile dysfunction
Because when she gets to 69 she gets a frog in her throat.
the answer isnt congress
Pumpkin pi.
He ate it before it was cool.
A Pink Car Nation!
Because yellow blue red.
I don't see where you're coming from.
No one cries when you cut up an accordion
She saw the salad dressing.
Blood on your stool
Adorable (A-dora-bull)
Hippies can't change anything. And they smell bad.
Your government fails.  wait... sorry I wrote this joke last year, I guess its not that funny anymore.
She forgot to use Spell Check.
No one knows, they wait for it to burn out and follow it around for twenty years.
Jogging home from your vasectomy. 
Really anything that's heavy enough to beat somebody to death with, such as a motorcycle helmet or a cannonball.
"I don't know what your blaming me for, it's your fault!"
Because he cantaloupe.
Lets get Jobs!
With a pumpkin patch!
Trace
A flashbang.
Steve Jobs went underground.
I have a friend that absolutely loves cheesy, question and answer jokes and I wanna make a card with a list of them! The problem is that she knows just about every joke known to man so I challenge you   to give me hilarious, short jokes that aren't very widely known. Make me laugh!
Tell Her To Lose Just One More Pound And She'll Be Beautiful.
Because if there were one more, it'd be two forty. (Too farty) [This works much better when spoken out loud. The joke how Irish people pronounce "forty."]
A dead rabbit with a gaping asshole.
It's the one that says, "Idaho."
A full set of teeth.
Cut the rope!
Jew-lie
A few notches on the belt buckle.
Camping.
Because he only knows about The White Stripes.
The Sermonator. 
He put it in a conviction-oven.
He kept his stock afloat while everything else was in liquidation.
Because they can resistor.
Homophones!
A pizza can feed a family of four.
Well it's killing me.
Joe had a blind date with Maria for the prom and, as the evening progressed, he found himself more and more attracted to her. After some really passionate embracing, he said: "Tell me, do you object to making love?" "That is something I have never done before," Maria replied. "Never made love? You mean you are a virgin?" Joe was amazed! "No, silly," she giggled, "I've never objected!"
How’s the chemotherapy going?
It’s really cool.
G!  You knit!
Atro-Pee
because they think men care.
25
to a concentration camp.
Both have a one-in-a-million chance of becoming a human being.
when it's B-9
with dill dough
One sucks free of cost while the other is paid for sucking
Government bonds mature over time and earn money
His de-fence attorney!
Because they dont get the difference between 33 and 45.
You pay for your pizza.
, it was Wong on so many levels. 

You might have Wham!nesia...
They turn off their Xbox.
He listens to his old music.
A lap
So he could catch all the fly ladies.
Neither did I.
British dentist.
Al-Gebra
None.
The guys didn't catch anything, but the woman came home with a red snapper.
His owner.
...because curiosty killed the cat
Snickers satisfies.
Yep. First one he named Jose. Second one he named hose B.(again, better spoken)
Nothing neither one has been working since Tuesday...
To get to gay man's house. Knock knock, who's there? The chicken.
Only two, but the real question is how they got in there.
Will Smith
It depends how hard you throw them.
None, cuz in the end it doesn't even matter!!!
You put a little boogie in it!
Elifino!
Just one, but he has to see Radiohead do it first.
I'm not Willie Nelson.
You can unscrew a lightbulb. 
They're calling it Borking Bad.
It lifts spirits
On the road to Extinction.
Because freedom rings.  Bazinga!
Santa stops after three ho's.
"the Steaks are high."
Because there are twenty of them.
Some obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
Michael Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmichael.
They both had kurds in their way. (Curds in their whey.) ***This joke is phonetically superior to its' written version.
1280x720
Both leave you waiting for the drop.
RRRrrrrrrrrrrrape!
The posters.
The Speaker of the House
he had to much baggage
He was caught red-handed! ...I'll see myself to the door.
Everywhere.
Denim denim denim.
Because it's always in bed.
It lasts for hours and there's 18 different holes. 
A good time ruined by a period.
Because everyone knows they're in the closet
Wanna go camping?
Keep the tip.
You ever try to jelly it in her ass?
You know, there is twenty of them
A hit and run
K.
Because they never have good periods.
BOOBIES XD 
Cuz he's jalapeno .business
I can't peanut butter my dick up your ass.
It's called tricoxagain.
Boy: What color are your panties, babe? Girl: Why do you keep asking me stupid questions, don't you ever think about anything else? Boy: Ok, do you think the republicans should support the congress with their decision to raise the debt ceiling ? Girl:You know i am wearing your favourite purple lace panties..You want a pic?
It's gone.
Because religions don't like competing with an invisible power that actually works.
Because they get 8 (ate) more. Repurposed from a    comment.
Dill-dough
One is hoplite, and the other a light hops.
You don't. You get down off a goose. 
His ass.
Under the ground.
Because he has little legs.
Because they're shellfish...
You can't hear an enzyme.
Because her teacher told her to go do an essay.
One weak! 
He's on the lam.
Luke warm.
Because the grass tickles there balls
Because if it did it would be a chicken sedan.
A Meanderthal
They take classes on mass debating. 
Because they liked each other.
It scares their dogs. 
That's not funny.
Ay now. A Scot is a lad that can play the pipes. Scotch is what makes it so that he canna.
Because they always take things... Literally
"That's not Willie Nelson."
Chuck Florist
Girl - Give me 1 good reason, why I should date you? Guy - I'll give you 69.
Brigham Young
Like a joke that involves a pun on a word that has different meanings in different languages. Please tell us what languages they are in.
They woooooooOOOOOOOooooo them.
You can make soldiers out of toast!
What is a fruit bun's favourite subject in a Pub Quiz? Currant affairs.
Self Employed
Because freedom rings
Kick his sister in the jaw.
Daddy came on his shoe and kicked mommy in the ass. Or Daddy came on the wall and mommy ran against the wall.
I don't eat parsley. -Andrew "Dice" Clay
Mick Jagger sings, "Hey you, get off of my cloud . . ", while the Scottish Highlander yells, "Hey McCloud, get off of my ewe!"
Humor is a shift of wit.
Because 7 is a registered 6 offender  
A troop of gorillas  A shiver of sharks  A streak of tigers  A band of Indians  And a gang of niggers.   
The rooster clucks defiance.       
I am a flag.
One looks up your family tree, the other looks up your family bush.
It's absorbing.
Flanboyant Muy terrible. I know.
They wouldn't let him bring his carrion. Sorry.
His chemistry teacher told him he was mostly made of cabron.
The man wears a full suit, the dog just pants
Fancy food is delicious, but military food is deliciousir!
They give no reaction.
Buffering.
I'm bad under pressure!! It's the lamest car joke in the world.
Apparently he's too small to be a dog.
He had a reptile dysfunction.
Fours
A sunken Chest with no booty
Because freedom rings.   'Murica
Jalapeno Business........... 
Because old hobbits die hard.
Deer balls, they're under a buck.
Four engineers are arguing over who designed the human body. The mechanical engineer points to the ways the bones, the muscles, and the tendons are joined together and move so smoothly and efficiently, and claims it must have been a mechanical engineer. The electrical engineer diagrams the central and peripheral nervous systems and maintains that it would take an electrical engineer. The hydraulic engineer insists that only a hydraulic engineer could be responsible for the circulation of the blood and the secretions of the many glands. They look to the civil engineer and he says, "Don't look at me.  No civil engineer would ever put a sewer outlet next to a recreational area".
BOOM-SHAKA-LAKA!
Apparently he busted a capillary in someone's ass.
In the computerus.
Pick him up and suck his dick.
Because they have a good supply of ARRgon.
Ahmad.
Hardcore prawn
Nice belt.
A non-prophet organization.
no, who? Football fans.
In all 3 cases, someone forgot to pull it out.
He doesn't even give a bother.
He went back four seconds.
3 men are traveling through the jungle.  They are captured by a tribe of cannibals.  The cannibals tell the men to go to the jungle and grab 100 of their favorite fruits.  They all head out into the jungle.  The first man comes back with 100 apples.  The leader of the tribe tells him that if he can stick all of them up his ass without any of them falling out, they will let him go.  If he can't, they will kill him and eat him.  He starts to shove them one by one up his ass.  He is able to get 3 in there before one falls out as he gets it half way in.  They kill him and proceed to devour his corpse. The second man comes back with 100 grapes.  He sees his friend and is horrified.  They give him the same deal. Stick the fruit up his ass, and he will live.   He starts.  The first goes in easily, and so do the next 90 grapes.  He is starting to get a little full, but he is sure he can finish.   He gets to the 99th grape and starts to laugh uncontrollably and all the grape shoot out.  The leader asks, "You were so close!  What happened?"  He replies, my friend is walking back with watermelons!"
A handful of sheet!
Boobies!
Brown-chicken-brown-coooow 
"I"m arriving, I'm arriving."
The whole thing was one big straw man argument.
It didn't Snowden.
To-do, to-do, to-do, to-do, to-dooooooo
They both stop working properly when you open windows.
A spiDUUUUUUUR
You don't. You get down off a duck.
You have to drop the bomb twice.
His matey told him he needed an iPatch

on a Freudian Slip
Crawl up a chicken's ass and wait. 
Squintin' Tarantino
When the last person you want to see is the last person you see.
Because it was too shallow.
Mr. Dickson, the science teacher, asked his 4th graders one day if anyone knew how to put 2 holes into 1 hole. Since no one was able to answer the question, he told the kids to go home and ask their fathers. They came back the next day and still no one knew the answer. "Look," said Mr. Dickson while holding his index finger against his thumb, forming a little "zero." "This is one hole, my nose has 2 holes, and I can put my hand over my nose and make my nose holes appear inside this other hole." "Aaaaaaahhhhhh," said the children. The next day, Little Johnny stood up and said, "Mr. Dickson, my daddy wants to know if you know how to put 7 holes in 1 hole. "Hmmmm," he thought, "How can you put 7 holes in 1? Well, I'll be darned; I don't know how to do that. Um, did your father tell you how to?" "Yes," said Little Johnny, "You take a flute and shove it up your ass!"
Because they have no buccaneers! Happy speak like a pirate day!
The water washes away her tears
He goes back four seconds.
Why Did Hitler commit suicide? Because his gas bill was too high...
They were having dinar. 
All their work is pro Bono.
Wow, I did not expect this post to blow up
Four feet tall, fold back teeth, flat head so you can rest your beer on it, and turns into a pizza at midnight.
An ex-terminator.
He didn't have a safe Hayden place, and couldn't Handel the thought of being sent Bach to prison.
Lie in bed wondering "Is there really a dog?"
Because she's probably thick and tired of it!
Who cares.....
"Been drinking tonight sir?" The policeman asked. "I had one earlier, but that was all," I replied. "I think you've had a few more than that sir. Would you step out of the van please." "Why?" I asked. "Because the Postman Pat ride isn't really designed for adults and there's children waiting for their go."
Wrinkly.
she starts crying
Because they have to
A-fish-in-sea. 
Well, he was good at his job, but I just couldn't stand how he kept sticking his head in my business.
He get jalepeno business.
A tan gent.
Most commonly it's whole wheat or rye
"I'll be Bach"
No nuts or screwing; just tongue in groove
Silly faggot, Dicks are for chicks! 
A Jalapenyo-yo
A drizzly bear.
Because they take everything literally.
Picasso 
You hide in a field and make carrot noises.
Because he saw the salad dressing
Because it makes cents.
A: French War Heroes.
He drank his coffee before it was cool
Lets go ride bikes!
Democracy
Spuddies
A clothes hanger.
He stays up all night wondering if dog exists.
Nah, nevermind, the punchline is too long.
I leave it on the curb everyday, and its always there when I get back from work. 
Fur traders.
Sir Veillance
(from Stephen King - The Cell)
...He booked it.
Tongue and groove.
Don't look I'm changing!
To get to the... 
When it's intersected by a plane
Because they were Snowden.
Data Remember
Put Ranch on it...
Because it was too cheesy. I work at a hot dog stand and tell this from time to time.
A key.
ELECTRICITY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm a huge fan.
They were just never on the same page...
Knock Knock Who's there? The documentary The documentary who? The documentary Hoop Dreams.
I don't want to taco bout it.
Neighbor
Cunts way low
..I Noah guy.
Almond joy. 
This might be better suited for   but I think its more a joke Cats have claws at the ends of it's paws commas haves pauses at the ends of its clause.
He's all right now. 
Three girls died and were brought to the Gates of Heaven. Upon entering the gate, they were halted by St. Peter and his obedient angel. St. Peter told the girls, "Before entering you must answer this simple question." "Which is...?" they replied in unison. "Have you been a good girl?" he asked the first girl. "Oh yes," she said. "I was a virgin before I got married, and was still virgin even after I got married." "Very good," said St. Peter. "Angel, give this girl... the golden key." "Have you been a good girl?" he asked the second girl. "Oh, quite good," she said. "I was a virgin before I got married, but was not after I got married." "Very good", said St. Peter. "Angel, give this girl... the silver key." "Have you been a good girl?" he asked the third girl. "Oh no, not at all," she said. "I practically had sex with every guy I met before and after I got married. Anywhere, anytime." "Very good," said St. Peter. "Angel, give this girl... my room key."
Ever wonder about those people who say they are giving more than 100%?  We have all been to those meetings where someone wants you to give  over 100%.  How about achieving 103%?  What makes up 100% in life?  Here's a little mathematical formula that might help you answer these  Questions:  If: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z  Is represented as:  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26.  Then:  H-A-R-D-W-O-R-K  8+1+18+4+23+15+18+11 = 98%  and,  K-N-O-W-L-E-D-G-E  11+14+15+23+12+5+4+7+5 = 96%  But,  A-T-T-I-T-U-D-E  1+20+20+9+20+21+4+5 = 100%  And,  B-U-L-L-S-H-I-T  2+21+12+12+19+8+9+20 = 103%  AND, look how far ass kissing will take you.  A-S-S-K-I-S-S-I-N-G  1+19+19+11+9+19+19+9+14+7 = 127%  So, one can then conclude with mathematical certainty that while Hard  Work and Knowledge will get you close, and Attitude will get you  there, Bullshit and Ass Kissing will put you over the top. 
because it was the first Indie film.
Because there is a target on every corner. Guys, this syriaous. 
Betty White.
He was fixin' to get his fixie fixed. 
Because it was a chili dog!
Oral, B. 
Because they're ugly and they stink
A man decided to have a face lift for his birthday. He spends $5,000 and feels really good about the result. On his way home he stops at a newsstand and buys a paper. Before leaving he says to the sales clerk, "I hope you don't mind me asking, but how old do you think I am?"  "About 35," was the reply.  "I'm actually 47," the man says, feeling really happy. After that he goes into McDonalds for lunch, and asks the order taker the same question, to which the reply is, "Oh you look about 29".  "I am actually 47" This makes him feel really good.  While standing at the bus stop he asks an old woman the same question. She replies, "I am 85 years old and my eyesight is going. But when I was young there was a sure way of telling a mans age. If I put my hand down your pants and play with your balls for ten minutes I will be able to tell your exact age."  As there was no one around, the man thought what the hell and let her slip her hand down his pants. Ten minutes later the old lady says, "OK, it`s done. You are 47."  Stunned the man says, "That was brilliant. How did you do that?"  The old lady replies, "I was behind you in McDonalds."
twerk
A-bun-dance
A fap happy jappy with a slap happy pappy. 
That's my story and I'm sticking to it.
the wheelchair.
He drank his coffee before it was cool.
A girl is standing at The Gates of Heaven when she hears horrible screams of pain and torture coming from inside. She says to St. Peter, "What's going on?" He says, "That's the sound of new angels getting big holes drilled into their backs for their wings, and small holes drilled into their heads for their halos." She says, "Heaven sounds terrible. I think maybe I'd rather go to Hell." St. Peter says, "In Hell, you'll be constantly raped and sodomized." She says, "That's okay. I've already got holes for that."
one’s a crusty bus station and the other’s a busty crustacean
The military service.
Porcupines have their pricks on the outside
Apparelently.
Deer nuts are under a buck.
i'll start it off: What was the last thing going through Mr. Jones’ head when he was working on the World Trade Center’s 90th floor? A: The 91st floor.
The sex is the same, but the dishes pile up.
It runs in your jeans!
One's a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
People don't milk cows for twelve years
So one day a UPS worker, Jim, gets an unusually large box to bring on his daily route. He checks the address, which was not in his assigned area. However, without thinking much of it, he starts driving there. As he pulls up to the curb he sees that the house looks deserted, with boarded up windows and a dead tree in the yard. Despite a little bit of superstitious fear, he manages to get the box to the door. When he rings the doorbell, he hears a creaking from inside the house. When the door opens, there is no one there. Timidly he says "H..hello? Is anyone there?" Just as he finishes saying that a--- No, no, no, I can't say the punchline, I'm not very good at telling jokes.  This one is really all about the delivery.
Southbound 35.
Because he had a frog stapled to his face
Because Kansas sucks, and Texas blows
He's the first dog to be able to lick his own Pollocks
Disgusting. I'll see myself out...
You never have to spend time in the bathroom! I made this one on the fly while I was in there. It might have already been made, but if so, I haven't heard it. 
They're able to stomach a lot.
Women don't point and laugh at the Three Stooges.
As the trucker came down the hill with a fully-loaded rig, he spied a man and a woman having sex right in the middle of the highway!  He blew his air horn, but they didn't move, so he slammed on the brakes, stopping mere inches from them.  Furious, he yelled from his cab, "Are you crazy? What's wrong with you? Didn't you hear my horn? I damned near ran over you!"  The man, with a satisfied look on his face, replied, "Look, buddy, I was coming, she was coming, and you were coming. And you were the only one who had brakes!"
Some adults like lawyers.
Industrial Metal
Santa FE GUURLL!!!!
hey, nice belt!
Christian Bale. 
I know, right! Like, OMg!
in bytes
Holy shit!
On the Dias  On the Dias Oh Oh Oh, on the dais.
Inertia.
A Wikipedophile!
To keep his nuts dry
I couldn't make it to the bathroom.
He ate it before it was cool. 
Because the egg cracked a yolk.
ELECTRICITY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
A WHAM reunion.
Because they're ugly and smell bad.
∫π’s of the Carribean.
Most members of the band haven't been in a Porsche.
They planet!
I do.
You can't jelly a dick up your ass!
Her professor told her if she wanted to pass, she had to do an essay 
Pasteurized milk.
chicken but. lol
Turn it inside-out and shake the fuck out of it.
Just some light jokes with bit of humor . Nothing too dark.
You can't hear an enzyme.  Courtesy of 
He drops the base!
Ma, when are we going to Miami?
Your wife.
Is it in yet? How does a man destroy a womans pride with 4 words? I don't know.
Truck.
I go to the tallest tower in my city. Call up a pizza place and order two large planes.
Hunover.
Because then you'd have to call them bagels.

that was a low blow 
A woman was shaking out a rug on the balcony of her 17th floor condominium when a sudden gust of wind blew her over the railing. "Damn, that was stupid," she thought as she fell. "What a way to die."  As she passed the 14th floor, a man standing at his railing caught her in his arms. While she looked at him in disbelieving gratitude, he asked, "Do you suck?" "No!" she shrieked, aghast.  So, he dropped her. As she passed the 12th floor, another man reached out and caught her.  "Do you screw?" he asked.  "Of course not!" she exclaimed before she could stop herself.  He dropped her, too. The poor woman prayed to God for one more chance. As luck would have it, she was caught a third time, by a man on the eighth floor. "I suck! I screw!" she screamed in panic.  "Slut!" he said, and dropped her.
One's fun to hit with a sledge hammer, the other one's a water melon.
Cuz she 'asked' for it!
shit just got real!
I'm working on it.
"Cigarette" because you take him out for a drag.
If you have, then did you ever feel that it could have carried more people?
Because Rouleaux triangles are too hard to manufacture. What do you call 8 hobbits? A hobbyte.
American comedy films.
He received a Sunkist from his Crush
Full
Long Island.
Big bad habits. 
The teacher asked Jimmy, "Why is your cat at school today Jimmy?" Jimmy replied crying, "Because I heard my daddy tell my mommy, 'I am going to eat that pussy once Jimmy leaves for school today!'" 
Well, mostly to forget.....
A suicide note. Edit: I already feel horrible Edit 2: I left out a semicolon
No eye deer What you you call a deer with no eyes or legs? Still no eye deer What do you call a deer with no eyes, no legs, and no genitalia? Still no fucking eye deer.
Don't pay her.
Answer:  To a Bananas foster home.
Alicia Quiche 
He would have won, if it weren't for all those medaling swimmers!
They can not stand stakes!
Did you know It takes the average American male approximately 4 minutes to have an orgasm.  Do you know how long it takes the average woman?  Who fucking cares. 
It was awful!  Most of his books hadn't even been colored in yet.
It's fucking in tents...
She broke it off
With a poulette surprise!
Poultrygeist.
Inception
It protects from deadly rays.
people are dying to get in.
He's got a   in front of his ass
Oral sex makes your day, anal sex makes your hole weak!
It feels fuckin awesome but when you get caught its awkward as hell.
Because your mom was on the other side..
He was trying to heel them.
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? Beer nuts are a dollar and deer nuts are just under a buck.
Poppa Boner
National Dyslexic Association 
Because he ate the Pizza before it was cool.
Ronald Reagan always fucked up.
A pilot you fucking racist!

Because the pressure makes him flatter. 
Because Santa only comes once a year and that's down a chimney.
Because he lies on one side and then turns around and lies on the other one. 

When it finally happened, he was beside himself.
Because anyone that can run, jump or swim is already over the border!
He just couldn't 
Anteloping.
They contacted him to give him a TV show, but once they found out he was a fake, it never materialized.
Moose-saka
He played Squint Eastwood.
We are both constantly penetrating your mum.
A paradux
A Mexi
Nothing, trees can't talk!
A vegetarian.
He went back 4 seconds.
An elevator can raise a family I'll just see myself out.
I'll never do that for two bucks again.
Because the only thing to eat is shampoo.

Answer. Madonna doing cartwheels.
either way you lose the trailer
The guy who can carry a dozen doughnuts without using his hands.  Who's the most popular woman? The one who can get the last one without using hers. 
After realizing he didn't need to follow Jewish customs, he exclaimed to the rabbi, "you didn't have to cut me off!"
you dont get either at home. 
A rubber band
Frank
The patella. (I'll show myself out)
An untenable situation
Sketchy
They're both looking for a tight seal.
loading...
Because they like to be in other peoples mouths.
A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
None, they just stand around and compliment it and get pissed off when it doesn't screw. 
A Small, Medium, at Large 
First he wax on, then he wax off!
Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.
Soooey!-cide
They can both smell it but cant eat it.
Because Ken always comes in a different box
A fucking thief!
what do you call it when 3 muppets have sex together?
Hodor
Love doesn't last forever.
How do you project confidence?  Multiply by the cosine of the angle.
You fuck her.
Glue a piece of toast to the ceiling
You Wanna See A Perfect Relationship? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Watch A Movie... :P Coz it is possible in movies only.
So blind people can hate hippies too.
Because B-shells were too small.
A guy who stays up all night wondering if there's a dog. ~ Infinite Jest, by DFW
They're inbred
Two. One to screw in the lightbulb and the other to hold the penis... I meant... The ladder.
It rars
She goes to the bathroom.
Nobody knows...
A Meow-tain
Sack-Religious
The blonde keeps sucking after you slap her. 
Tubby.
The toilet doesn't insist on cuddling after you drop your load in it. 
I have a cream.
Mega-saur-ass
A sour kraut.
Telling your parents that you are gay.
He's 0K now.
Preferably not dead from cancer.
It only takes one nail to hang the picture.  -.-
Because they heard black makes you look thin.
Because there needs to be a period at the end of each sentence.
He pasta way.
...when Tony Iommi is standing right next to him, alive and well.
Oscillate it's tit a lot
He can only stick to himself.
Because their knee grows
"Want to get kinky and have a 4G?"
Whoever tripped her.
....half a dog.
50 pounds.
He was a little... Possesive
Kermit the frogs finger...
A bad Habit. I'll see myself out.
You get repossessed.
It was Oak, Eh!
He was very cross with them!
Hebrews it.
One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.
Thort thorts.
Nothing. They bark. 
He re-posts it.
A meanderthal. 
(p + l)(a + n)=pa+pn+la+ln 
Fuck her.
One's a Goodyear, an the other's a great year.
The prostitute can wash her crack and use it again and again.
He was a fungi. Why did he end up leaving the party? There wasn't mushroom.
Because the light at the end of the tunnel is New Jersey
Mufasa!

His shirts get all winkly. 
With A-Rod.
Both offer $5 dollar Foot Longs I'll be here all week cause my car broke down by the shakeys next the aqueduct 
They both have a lot of bum buddies.
68 Because at 69, you flip over and eat it.
Not everyone can tell when you have a fake Christmas tree.
Pick it up and suck its dick
To protect himself from the harmful rays.
Because you cannot have your cake and eat it too
A cuntry (country)
Ge-gnome therapy
Three guys are standing in heaven, their names are Greg, James, and Tony. They are at a car dealership, and an angel asks them "were you faithful to your wives?" Greg answers "yes, I never cheated on my wife." He is given a new Lamborghini. The angel then asks James if he ever cheated on his wife. He says "once, and I am ashamed to admit it." He is given a Toyota Corolla. The angel then asks Tony, and he says "yes, lots of times." He is given an old Morris Marina. A few days later, Tony sees Greg sitting on a park bench, and Greg is crying. Tony Asks Greg "you were given a Lamborghini the other day, why are you crying?" Greg responds "I just saw my wife, they gave her a pair of roller skates."
Syphilis.
Two. One to screw in the light bulb and one to hold the penis. I mean, ladder. 
C'mon, I bet we can crank some out.
Because they think men care
Dates.
In bytes.
Barack Obama!
Wherever you left it. 
Rex (made this one up myself!)
A little stiff.
He was making up for lost thyme.  Thank you, thank you. I'll just show myself out now.
Because they weren't getting a square meal.
depresso 
They're both de-calf-inated. 
To the airport please
Make blonde jokes!
Spaghetto.
You take the 's' out of safe and the 'f' out of way.
One of his legs is the same. 
Who knows some funny jokes in a foreign language? (Other than English). I've learned some funny ones over the years but I would love to hear some from others out there. Post the joke in it's language and the translation to English. [I do realize that not all jokes translate properly].
Nothing, you already told her twice.
You try reading a stop sign at 60 miles an hour.
Goldie Lox (my little sis just came up with this...or so she said)
It's confi-dental 

because he was mortall.
They had a  mantic** time. 
"P" because it's an R that lost a leg.
He wax off
Because 7 has friends in the politburo
Aids.
I Noah guy.
That don't impress me much...
Try spelling Evian backwards.
Death Valley.
AIDS
Cross your legs
He played a flat baroque piece!
Because they both run after sticks and balls.
Sorry I can't get hard right now. I just got laid.
White Vans.
Trycoxagain
A stick
Pointless.
He lost the porpoise to live.
They finally decided on a name: Soh Doh Mi
They didn't bereave him
Good morning ladies
A lady of dill repute.
I can't jelly my dick up your ass. hey-yo!
Killed.
They didn't want to leave their brothers behind.
Shoot the guy who's pushing it.
Won on Won. 2 Mexicans playing basketball: Juan on Juan. 2 Indians playing basketball: Khan on Khan.
Depends on how fast you can carry it.
Because it made him mean
Seals.
a stick of gum :D
Not only have you let me down, you have also let the school down but mainly you have let yourself down.
So a bear wakes up from his winter hibernation.  Given that he's gone months without any type of food, the bear is starving. Doing what any sensible bear would do, he heads into the local town bar to grab a bite to eat. As he's walking into the bar, the bartender recognizes him and greets him with a nice warm welcome. The bear, feeling a bit groggy, has a seat on the barstool closest to the door. The bartender wastes no time and asks the bear if he'd like something to eat. The bear nods and has a glance up at the menu hanging over the drafts. He looks back down at the bartender and says,"You know, I'm absolutely starving, seeing that I haven't eaten in months; why don't you get me a.... ..... ..... a roast beef sandwich with a side of fries." The bartender says, "Sure, I'll get you your sandwich, but what's with the big pause?"
Manors.
That's me in the corner.
They are always looking for prophets.
A pig won't stay up all night to fuck a musician 
What's the difference between Neil Armstrong and Michael Jackson? One of them walks on the moon, the other one fucks little boys in the ass
Under each seventh cap -  !
Prisons are indoors. 
A circle, eh.
A U.S. Marine Colonel was about to start the morning briefing to his staff. While waiting for the coffee machine to finish its brewing, the colonel decided to pose a question to all assembled. He explained that his wife had been a bit frisky the night before and he failed to get his usual amount of sound sleep. He posed the question of just how much of sex was "work" and how much of it was "pleasure?" A Major chimed in with 25-75% in favor of work .  A Captain said it was 50-50%. A lieutenant responded with 25-75% in favor of pleasure , depending upon his state of inebriation at the time. There being no consensus, the colonel turned to the PFC (Private First Class) who was in charge of making the coffee. What was HIS opinion? Without any hesitation, the young PFC responded, "Sir, it has to be 100% pleasure." The colonel was surprised and, as you might guess, asked why. "Well, sir, if there was any work involved, the officers would have me doing it for them."
I don't remember the pain but I couldn't manage to walk for a year after.
Where did you leave your legless dog? Where you left him. And how do you call him? Doesn't matter, he won't come.
Juan and a half
None. Your gigantic balls would be in the way.
They kept falling threw the holes in his hands.
2 in the front, 3 in the back and 1000 in the ash tray.
Because they can`t wait to get out and tell all their friends about scoring.
You can drive a golf ball 200 yards.
A kid with cerebral palsy living in Australia
Proctology.
Endocrine is not a hormone.
"I'm gonna make you eat those words!"
Michael Jackson!
Depends on the supply and demand curve
Bubba was fixing a door and he found that he needed a new hinge, so he sent his wife Mary to the hardware store. At the hardware store Mary saw a beautiful teapot on a top shelf while she was waiting for Joe to finish waiting on a customer. When Joe was finished, Mary asked, "How much for the teapot?" Joe replied, "That's silver and it costs $100!" "My goodness, that sure is a lotta money!" Mary exclaimed. She then proceeded to describe the hinge that Bubba had sent her to buy, and Joe went to the backroom to find a hinge. From the backroom Joe Bob yelled, "Mary, you wanna screw for that hinge?' To which Mary replied, "No, but I will for the teapot."
Don't pay her.
Tooth Hurty (2:30)
We need to give you a cavity search
We are called Juan Direction.
On the perineum falcon!
Eat, drink and be Mary.
Gang rape
Gluk gluk gluk (say it out loud)
She didn't have any arms. 
Stereotyping.
Bilbo Braggins
Interia
The other whale didn't humpback.
Genocide.
It's an obscure number and you've probably never heard of it.
COURAGE? What is the meaning of courage? Is it to fight a Bull in a bullfight without any weapon? Is it to undertake a cross-country auto trip in a Chrysler Corporation car? Is it to fly a fighter plane in combat? Is it to undergo open-heart surgery knowing that the surgeon has a drinking problem? Is it to practice free fall parachuting? Is it to perform a root-canal on yourself? Is it bungee jumping, wild water rafting? No, my friend... those are nothing! THIS is COURAGE!!! Last picture taken of Junior's dog "Hank". 
DUNG!
Her personality
That's why I always get in trouble when I do it in school zones.
Paint a goal line on your driveway.
None. Monkeys screw in trees.
Too soon.
Because he lost the huile d'olive.
Tires need changing too you know!
Luke warm.
Vote
One of them has a good driver.
That's not funny
Onlookers were shocked, astounded, agape, flabbergasted, and taken aback.
Its arse.
One, ......A Greek will screw anything! 
They found her Head & Shoulders on the  dashboard.
It's a French kiss, ......down under!
The fact that red guards can swim.
Pappu: Why's making love so enjoyable?  Santa: It is just like the sensation when you are digging your nose with your finger!! Pappu: Why do women enjoy more sex than men?  Santa: It's because when you dig your nose, your nose feels more comfort than your finger. Pappu: Why do women hate it when they get raped?  Santa: It is like when you are walking down the street, someone else come over and dig your nose, do you like it? Pappu: Why women cant have sex when they are having their periods?  Santa: If your nose is bleeding, do you still dig it? Pappu: Why men dont like to wear condoms when they are making love?  Santa: Do you like to dig your nose with a glove on your finger? Pappu: Why is making love carried out in private?  Santa: Will you dig your nose in front of your class? Idiot!!!
A Yacult...
He floated his stock while everyone else was in liquidation.
Cause you have me hooked!
A peacunt!
Blond guys aren't too smart either. 
Because the cell door was still locked.
A man comes to his doctor and tells him that his wife hasn't had sex with him for 6 months. The doctor tells the man to bring his wife in so he can talk to her. So the wife comes into the doctors office and the doc asks her what's wrong, and why doesn't she want to have sex with her husband anymore. The wife tells him, "For the past 6 months, every morning I take a cab to work. I don't have any money so the cab driver asks me, 'So are you going to pay today or what?' so I take a 'or what'. When I get to work I'm late so the boss asks me, 'So are we going to write this down in the book or what?' so I take a 'or what'. Back home again I take the cab and again I don't have any money so the cab driver asks me again, 'So are you going to pay this time or what?' so again I take a 'or what'. So you see doc when I get home I'm all tired out, and I don't want it any more." The doctor thinks for a second and then turns to the wife and says, "So are we going to tell your husband or what?"
I'm burning, I'm burning, I'm burning Beru.
there are 27 people in the room but on 53 eggs, you know what that means, someone is missing an egg. 
He cannot comprehend the concept of a road. He is just looking for food. 
What did batman say to robin before they got in the bat-mobile?  "Get in" 
It's not hard
They both couldn't vote before 1920
He wipes his ass
They keep stealing green cards.
He has tiny legs.  (if you know what i mean)
Iron Pirate 
rearrange the furniture
The Heir Apparent with no Hair Apparent.
It runs in the Jeans.
So Jesus went to the tailor to get a new robe made.  He loved his new robe so much that he went back to the tailor, a Mr. Wilson, to let him know.   Wilson, always the business man, told Jesus, "Jesus, if you liked it so much, let's go into business together.  You've got great a great reputation, and I make great robes... together I know we can be a really successful team!"  Jesus said, "Wow, Wilson, I love the idea of teaming up with Jerusalem's best tailor.  Let's do it...but what should we call ourselves?" "What about 'Wilson & Jesus'?" suggests Wilson. "Hmmm," replied Jesus, "That's not a bad idea, but I've got just one change... I think it would do a lot better if we called it 'Lord and Tailor'?"  :)
Holy fucking shit.
Kicked out of the zoo.
He goes to the Evans
Whedon?
What are your Hemsworth?
He sold his soul to Santa.
A bit of a Downey
It was to cucumbersome.
Nothing. They're both stuck up bitches.
Kick his sister in the jaw.
When it gets it in the ass, he blows his load!
One's a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean.
Ju-Haul
Meowi
There's twenty of them.
Don't worry, they'll tell you
Paper or plasic?
He's gonna find out what's knotty or gneiss.
Boobies
They have big socks. 
He's an unorthodox orthodox orthodontist
A bar-bee!
The holiest Prophet of Islam.
Got asked this by a friend the other day. Hey, do you know a good veterinarian? <he starts flexing his muscles> 'cause these puppies are SICK.
One Monday morning a mailman is walking the neighborhood on his usual route. As he approaches one of the homes he noticed that both cars were in the driveway. His wonder was cut short by Bob, the homeowner, coming out with a load of empty beer and liquor bottles. "Wow Bob, looks like you guys had one hell of a party last night." the mailman comments.  Bob in obvious pain replies, "Actually we had it Saturday night. This is the first I have felt like moving since 4:00 am Sunday morning. We had about fifteen couples from around the neighborhood over for Christmas Cheer and it got a bit wild. Hell, we got so drunk around midnight that we started playing WHO AM I."  The mailman thinks a moment and says, "How do you play that?"  Well all the guys go in the bedroom and we come out one at a time with a sheet covering us and only our "privates" showing through a hole in the sheet. Then the women try to guess who it is."  The mailman laughs and says, "Damn, I'm sorry I missed that."  Probably a good thing you did," Bob responds. "Your name came up four or five times." 
Hella.
Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless it's ten percent off.
Fuck her in the ass then wipe your dick on the bedspread.
Shurikan
To be long.
Battleshvitz
Because they don't C#.
Dip it in ranch dressing.
"see you next month"
His parents weren't 18 or older.
Neither acknowledge their fellow church-goers at the liquor store.
Killed in a tunnel.
Here's mine: Did you hear about the guy who had to snort a line of baking soda every day? He was basically addicted.
it's fucking in tents
a man goes into a pet shop and asks "how much are your wasps" the pet shop owner replies "we don't sell any wasps" "what about the one in the window"
Its ass
Because their marketing is a joke.
On account of the coffin.
Because 0 1 2
Jungle Bells
because air is free
Post your most disgusting, sick, fucked up jokes please. I'm trying to find the worse ever. Can be racist, sexist, dirty etc. no limits Let me start off with a few... I was eating out this cunt when I tasted a bit of horse semen. That's how I learned how my grandmother had died. Q: What's the difference between a corpse and a newborn baby? A: A corpse is dead before you fuck it up the ass. "How do you make a gay, fuck a woman? Shit in her cunt." - Jimmy Carr What does a cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend? Wipe his ass. Man 1: I saw a woman tied to the train tracks the other day and nobody else was around. So, I untied her and took her back to my place. Then, we had sex all day in every position and in every room of the house. She had a great rack, sweet ass and long legs." Man 2: What about her face? Man 1: I don't know, I couldn't find her head.
africas population
She prosti-toots!
Yukanol Fukov
He was truly Ag.
Beat it, we're closed.
So, this man and woman are married 44 years and the woman dies, then a few months later the man dies. When he gets to heaven, his wife runs up to him and says, "Hey baby!" and he says,"Sorry honey, death's done us part."
Triangull
Probably killed.
They don't know where home is.
Oil of Ole'
Hard work and dedication.
A slap happy jappy with a crap happy pappy
"Life's a bee-itch and then you die."
He was Bin Laden.
"What glass?"
Because I believe that the inventor of the knock knock joke deserves a 'No-bell' prize.
Keep the tip.
Because their horns don't work. 
Because the pee is silent.
2 Jews bent down to pick up the same penny.
When you call the front desk and say, "I gotta leak in my sink,"     and the clerk replies, "okay, Go ahead."
Retortellini.
WOW THAT YEAR FLEW BY 
They don't have any inheritance. Or... Why should you not date a C programmer? They have no class.
Depth Perception!
Paddy O'Furniture
It may take me a while to get hard—I just got laid last night.
Second hand smoking! My own joke that I've been meaning to put up for a while. Time to see how it goes haha.
Anne Frank's drum kit.
Did you hear about the bassist that was SO out of tune people noticed?
high ho's, high ho's, it's off to work I go
Meat stroganoff
A singer
Septembrus
I know plenty of raunchy jokes, but was asked this recently and came up blank
Don't look! I'm changing!
He's back in town and wants you to give him a call.
He was galactose intolerant.
A small medium at large
Hijacking.
cacawatches
A hockey goalie changes his pads after 3 periods
Vegetables.
Subjugation.

Ewoks
Because he will always fold.
I Noah guy.
What do you call a Mexican Midget? A paragraph. He's too short to be called an ese
Because he is never late, nor is he early. He reaches orgasm precisely when he means to.
A bull-shiht!
There were two old guys, Abe and Sol, sitting on a bench in a park feeding pigeons and talking about baseball, just like they did every day. Abe turns to Sol and says, "Do you think there's baseball in heaven?" Soloman thinks about it for a minute and replies, "I dunno, Abe. But let's make a deal: If I die first, I will come back and tell you, and if you die first, you come back and tell me, if there is basebal l in heaven." They shake on it and, sadly, a few months later poor Abe passes on. One day soon afterward, Sol is sitting there feeding the pigeons by himself when he hears a voice whisper, "Sol... Sol...." Sol responds, "Abe! Is that you?" "Yes it is Sol," whispers the spirit of Abe. Sol, still amazed, asks, "So, is there baseball in heaven?" "Well," says Abe says, "I got good news and I got bad news." "Gimme the good news first," says Sol. Abe says, "Well... there is baseball in heaven." Sol says, "That's great! What news could be bad enough to ruin that!?" Abe sighs and whispers, "You're pitching on Friday."
ninety-nine point nein nein nein nein nein nein nein percent
Eclipse it.
Because it was a moth ball. 
House music
You don't pay her.
Luke warm
None.  He'd eat them raw!
When she pulls out her tampon and all of the cotton is missing..
A: Obama.
To keep his nuts dry!
An elephant.
"I only loved you for your body!"
Because he needed laser eye surgery!
In a Snow Den. (This is a joke. Please refrain from yelling at me, that he is not a spy. Thank you and have a nice day.)
Billiards and Billiards
There isn't one, you can't fuck with either one.
All the signs say Cancer.
My ass! HAHAHAHA! 
Cory Monteith's heroin syringe
A big intimidating man walks into a barber shop and asks the barber "Do you have bread?" Confused, the barber replies "Sir, this is a barber shop, not a store." After hearing this the man immediately punches the barber and just leaves.  Again the next day the same man walks into the barber shop and again asks the barber "Do you have bread?" Frightened he might get punched again the barber politely says "I am sorry sir, but this is a barber shop. We don't have bread." But the man proceeds to punch the barber and leaves. The next day, the barber brought a variety of bread to the shop and waited for the man. Sure enough he walks in and the barber says "Oh sir you are here. We have a variety of bread for you today. Which one would you like to buy?" Then the man responds "I just got bread from the pharmacy down the street. Do you have eggs?"
Wipes his butt.
They come out in hives.
HIP HOP
Dad's cock tastes like blood.
From PC
So she didn't whistle on the way down.
They think long and hard before they touch weiner. 
Lettuce Alone. 
He's super clingy.
Because it's a stairway to heaven, not a ramp. 
It's Italian for "suppository".
Nothing they're both stuck up bitches. 
Did you hear about the guy who was obsessed with building HOV lanes through mountains?  Classic case of carpool tunnel syndrome 
Niggles
An asymptoad.
One's a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean. 
Gaaaainsss
They were both two shellfish
Spring time :D I'm not funny (._.)
He sold his soul to Santa
There's 20 of them
To get some soles!
A Happy Medium. Sorry, a played around with the wording of this a lot and couldn't find anything better.  Please suggest a better phrasing.
Coma patients. 
A WUNCH.
Sink-o de Mayo.
Boo-bees
Haaaay!
Eight something.
Niggas with altitude
Because they can't put their finger on it.
Because they all share the same DNA and there are no dental records.
"Know your roll!"
No eye deer. Say it fast and with a southern accent for full effect.
Just-ass was served
A Shipmint!
An Instagram.
Nothing really, the just zit there.
Because it rhymes with Bank Manager
Because they want the D.
Mango Lassie
Meet you at the corner!
The broom gets sweepy.
A tomato.
One you shuck between fits...
He got baked. 
I dont cry when I cut up a hooker
Jean Cocteau
One. One to change it and his girlfriend to give him a blowjob when he's done.
Heard it.
Bone apetit
She was wearing mittens.
The Whore-Monica 
Chewed three legs off.. and still had one in the trap.
The canoe tips.
Emptea!
Nothing grows in the shade. 
A mirror.
Hi hoe, hi hoe. It's off to work you go!
Americans eat the food after they nuke it.
Gorgon zola.
Last year's Hide and Go seek champion. 
Because his pecker is on his head
A pilot you fucking racist!
I was having a couple of drinks in a London pub on a Saturday night. I noticed to very large women by the bar. They both had strong accents, so I asked, "Hey, are you two ladies from Scotland?" One of them turned to me and screamed, "It's Wales, you idiot!" So, I immediately apologized, and said, "Sorry, are you two whales from Scotland?"
Say, "You have pretty I's!"
A solipsistic Alphabet.
He came out of the cupboard
About 7 beers.
He hurt his widdle finger.
So he could make ends meet!
Weow!
My Mexican neighbor
When she can't find her pencil and there is a tampon behind her ear.
He heard the ref was blowing fouls!
He had all the money in the world, but no thyme.
"Piece of cake."
She was going through the change...
You probably don't want to, it's fucking retarded. 
Under his buckin' hat.
Enough to kill two and a half men.
Because he had his dick stuck in a chicken
Because he practices safe sex and they were on sale. 
I don't know, but she would sure be fun to dance with. 
To fry the chicken.
Reading road signs at 30 MPH
An adadictomy
I'm not sure, but Oklahoma's is OK.
Beef twerky.
9 months.
The same thing Arkensaw.
They were both stuck up bitches
They barely had any atmosphere.
It's too tired!
It's smoking a cigarette. 
Finding crabs on your organ.
A Biceptual
Pack-it-stan
The steaks are too high.      
Binary fish-ion.

Watch this!
Free delivery.
Reservations.
She thought it was diet coke.
Too many Thank You notes to write.
None they’ll just compliment it and get pissed when it won’t screw. 
A Hebrew.
A: No ideer. Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes or legs? A: Still no ideer
An Epikorean.
Pop, Lock & Drop It
He was looking for miners.
Close... but no cigar.
Kermit the Frog's finger.
A midget at a urinal. 
it was full of fans.    Thank thank you for your time
Cancer.
A mad lib...
or is it just being a dick? 
fsh
One is a super hero.  The other is a simple command.
She had a litter of mittens.
The Dark Knight Rises.
Mohammad Ali All-E
Otter Space!
Bottom of the fifth and all the bags are loaded.
Names. 
Sheet cake.
Because they've got Ramallah. 
The Wheelchair.
White Flour!
1) The engagement ring 2) The wedding ring 3) The suffering
Because they know their father can read their emails.
Erotic is when you use a feather. Kinky is when you use a whole chicken.
A pickpocket snatches watches, a peeping tom watches snatches.
A Dino-sore-ass.
She had no legs.
They go hog wild
A crustacean
Bison.
Denim denim denim
They can both smell it but can't eat it.
Scrambled.
Because seven was black. 
Apple Sauce
Impossible. Feminists can't change anything. 
It was lame. (I think this is an original by me)
I have Facebook, I already know who got fat.
A fsh. 
He wiped.
The both came in a little behind
You hand the bitch a shovel.
He said it was the most violent book he'd ever read. 
Au lait.
Ice Bergers.
because i'm not going to pay you
I asked for pizza.
Two cannibals giving each other a blow iob.
Nothing. They've never met.
Just Kitten
'Let's be avenue.'
A customer goes to a bank and deposits a check into his account. (The check is from different bank though). He then asks when will the check be cashed. The Bank teller says, "Sir, it may take 2-3 days for your check to get cleared and the money to be deposited." Customer: "Why does it take so long? The bank that the check is from is very close to your bank?" Bank teller: "Sir, there is a procedure that must be followed and it's a lengthy process." The customer is very frustrated, and he mutters under his breath ”No one likes to work”. Bank teller: "Just imagine you had an accident and die in front of a graveyard. Will you be buried then and there as are you very close to it?" edit: Formatted for easier understanding!
Nothing lmao bees cant learn.
Just Juan.
Because people are offended by seeing Boo Bees.
Bone.
You get kicked out of the petting zoo.
an investigator.
Just checking how creative the Humorists in Reddit are.
He saw a  .
Swimming trunks!
of course not, it never came out.
Adieu!
Exorcise it.
Zimmerman can dodge a bullet.
A chew-chew train.
The heads-up display
Everyone was issued a nail gun.
He was sent to the udder side
When He is standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice!
They tried to carry-on my wayward son.
Because sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.
Roberto
A wild asstronaught.
Hebrews it.
They like the way the meat spins
Men usually miss all three.
The dog is gone, the homework is done, and they're still trying to get out of the driveway.
His name was Neil. Neil da Grass-fed Bison.
Ausschwitz, 1941. A train full of jews arrives at nightfall. The leaders of the camp agree to send those jews right into the gassing chambers. After an hour the guards check if everybody in there is dead. And sure, everybody in the chambers is dead, well, except for that one guy sitting in the corner and biting his fingernails. They are astonished and send that jew to the doctor. The doc finds nothing wrong with that guy, so they send him into one of the cramped barracks.  The next day they send the guy again into the gassing chambers with another group of jews. An hour later the guards find everyone in the chambers dead except that on guy sitting in the corner and biting his fingernails. Scared they decide to inform Dr Mengele and the Führer. They arrive the next day and want to witness the guy's surving first hand. So the guy get's send in the gassing chambers with yet another group of jews. After an hour everyone is dead except that guy sitting in the corner biting his fingernails. "Who's that guy?" the Führer asks. "That is the bastard we were reporting", one of the guards says. "Would you send him to me?" Dr Mengele asks. And they do. When the guy is sitting across Dr Mengele he looks nervous. Mengele examines him firmly but he cannot find anything unusual about that particular jew. So he asks: "You have been sent into the gassing chambers with almost 1,000 of your people and yet you refuse to die. Has it something to do with you biting your fingernails? What is your secret?" The guy almost smiles as he answers: "No, it is simpler." "Tell me your secret then", Dr Mengele orders. "Well, you have to know, I am no jew..."
They go clubbing. 
So a Roman walks into a bar and says "I'll have a martinus". The bartender says "Sir, do you mean a martini?" to which the Roman replies "If I wanted a double, I would have asked for one."
It's a 'Walking Dead' crossover.
She drops him off at band practice. 
Dragon balls. 
Aristartle
The longer you play with them, the harder they get.
using a vibrator 
Moonwalking
He had allure.
Probably.
How do you stay faithful in a room full of hoes?
Minisoda
They cantelope.
It would be a land of mass-murder 
Two students decide to go skiing for the weekend, and are having such a good time they decide to blow off the (calculus, I believe) exam that they have scheduled for Monday morning in order to get some final runs in before they head back to school. They decide to tell the prof that they got a flat tire and therefore deserve to take the exam at a rescheduled time. Hearing the story, said professor agrees that it really was just bad luck, and of course they can take the exam later. At the appointed time, the prof greets them and places them in two separate rooms to take the exam. The few questions on the first page are worth a minor 10% of the overall grade, and are quite easy. Each student grows progressively confident as they take the test, sure that they have gotten away with fooling the professor. However, when they turn to the second page they discover that they really haven't. The only question on the page, worth 90% of the exam, reads: "Which tire was flat?"
Hostess Twinkies
Swimming Trunks. 
A Chair-ity!
It asked the digital watch for its hand in marriage. 
Nevermind, there's no point
A logical phallusy!
They're both in bread
8 something.
Does that mean they cantaloupe?  *Thanks to My Drunk Kitchen! 
If you don't beat it enough, it'll start standing up for itself in public.
Puttin.
Put it in the back yard.
Cancer.
Eleven. One chief of police to oversee it, and 10 cops to beat the lightbulb until it wants to change.
Because they can`t spell the word, beer.
A ripoff
An essay.
By air.
Your mom.
He was out standing in his field. This has Always been my favourite pun.
Because blonde boys aren't all that bright either.
Because D shells are too big.
They have periods every half hour!
Because he was Snowden.
"Geometry!"
Because he doesn't want to be spotted!
ze Hoegaarden.
What a stupid question: Obama won't change jack shit.
Because fucked up duck-beaver lookin thing doesn't sound scientific enough. 
Cause their airplanes kept STALIN!! (Ill see myself out...)
Because the market got flooded.
Automobile! Everyone says gasoline because they don't think about it.
An hour wait for a 30 second ride.
A plaid tie.  
Afroturf
Bagels. Ha.
Undercover. 
In case he gets a hole-in-one
They 'turnip' their noses. 
Because he always spills the beans. 
Give them a dirty tampon and ask what period its from.
Boston Cream Pie
An engineer and an attorney were fishing in the Caribbean. The attorney said, “I’m here because my house burned down and everything I owned was destroyed by the fire. The insurance company paid for everything.” "That’s quite a coincidence," said the engineer. “I’m here because my house and all my belongings were destroyed by a flood and my insurance company also paid for everything.” The puzzled attorney asked, “How do you start a flood?”
She wipes back to front.
Turn it upside down.
Crabs on your organ
Hi ho, Hi ho, it's off to work I go!
Because seven is a registered six offender.
Yeah, police are calling it a hummus-cide.
Poke 'em on.
Juan
Long ago there was a mohel who performed more circumcisions than all other mohels. One day he was talking to a friend of his and the friend asked, "You've performed so many circumcisions, what do you the foreskins?" The mohel replied "Ah, well, you see, I've made a wallet from them all. The friend, puzzled said, "You've circumsised so many children, you must have collected dozens of foreskins, and all you have made is a wallet?" And the mohel replied, "I know it's just a wallet. But when you rub it, it turns into a briefcase." 
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Neil Armstrong? Neil Armstrong WALKED on the moon. Michael Jackson fucked little boys.
Flop-Flops
Time Travel! When do we want it? It's irrelevant! 
Because he saw the salad dressing.
Abra!
The Wheelchair.
A Black man is a sentient creature.
The NBA
Hi cornflake. don't blame me... you clicked on it... what did you expect?
"Keep the tip."
Kermit the frogs middle finger.
A Crane.
There's twenty of them.
One, but he wishes it was two.
because they cantaloupe 
because they would all surrender.
Trying to fit in.
He got fired.
Nothing wrapped in Emptiness. How did the birthday child respond? You are thoughtless for giving me this meaningless gift. To which the Buddhist Master replied, "Thank you."
A jolly rancher! Hahahahahahahahah you guys have no idea how alone I am. 
Virgins. Sorry if it's a repost, I'm fairly new here.
If that's true, I'm all the way up to three inches.
A communist party
The rib cage.
One day she'd just had un œuf.
Sue she
Dr. Dre
Don't Stop
Coach
They've never been fired, and only dropped once.
Wiped his ass.  (Haven't seen this on here, hope its not a repost.)
What did the molar use to cross the root canal? Who did Micheal Corleone have to contact in order to flee to Sicily? Why did Wendy drown trying to get from the Island of Lost Boys to  Pirate Town? 
A Doberman.
Wasaaaabi! 
You park in it, man.
Because, she was on her pyramid!
Better traction in the mud.
A Gummy Bear!
The box a penis comes in.
He was out standing in his field.
Attempted murder.
Left Hook.
Looking for a lost golf ball is a hunt on a course.
Because they can't fit in d-shells. Edit: re wording
The spelling Teehee
The wheelchair.

They gave him the cold shoulder.
Stink.
It's feeling down.
He became a Muslim.
They are taking the geography lessons from their Canadian neighbors in the south.
Because he only comes once a year, and when he does it's down the chimney. 
Sea-sections 
Phil. 
A piiig!
He sold his soul to Santa.
You get laid the same amount of times but the dishes start to pile up. Hey now!
No shit Sherlock...
Turkey
A hate crime.
Cross country
You only have to punch information into a computer once. 
You can't jelly your cock down your girlfriend's throat.
He's OK now
The aftertaste. 
Penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis
Because they're worth it.
To get the quarter back.
A TOR pedo.
Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson go on a camping trip.  After a good dinner and a bottle of wine, they retire for the night, and go to sleep. Some hours later, Holmes wakes up and nudges his faithful friend. “Watson, look up at the sky and tell me what you see.” “I see millions and millions of stars, Holmes” replies Watson. “And what do you deduce from that?” Watson ponders for a minute.  “Well,  Astronomically, it tells me that there are millions of galaxies and potentially billions of planets.  Astrologically, I observe that Saturn is in Leo.  Horologically, I deduce that the time is approximately a quarter past three.  Meteorologically, I suspect that we will have a beautiful day tomorrow.  Theologically, I can see that God is all powerful, and that we are a small and insignificant part of the universe.  But what does it tell you, Holmes?” Holmes is silent for a moment.   “Watson, you idiot!” he says.  “Someone has stolen our tent!” 
Latvian potato is best potato. Is kind you spend whole life looking for. Also, low calories.
... ... An imPASTA!
The Kia Ora.
She's only happy when "It's Complicated."
Because he was Snowden...
he was tired of dealing with that shit every day

Get's jalapeño business!
He's never doing his homework. Yarr.
Candy Kush.
He stays up at night wondering if there really is a dog.
Punch her in the face.
Barry Bonds... Do you know who leads the MLB in strikeouts pitched?  Nolan Ryan... Do you know who has been hit by the most balls? Liberaci
You can't marmalade your dick down someone's throat.
"Ugh, stop standing so colostomy."
Everywhere.
Santa stops after 3 Ho's
Fore.
Call a "toe" truck.
You might get your baby back off a pitbull.
Bean Dip.
He went to court and was charged with battery.
Depends. EDIT: Nobody got this joke. It's not an anti-joke...  are like diapers for the elderly with urinary incontinence / IBS. Oh well.
An astronaut.
The Cowboys' endzone; because no one goes there
Nevermind, it's an inside joke.
She's wearing a sash that says Idaho.
Two, but getting them in there is a bitch!
The pit bull will eventually let go.
You can negotiate with terrorists. 
She choked.
In Diana 
He was trying to get some Natural Light.
Cows just aren't getting a square meal these days.
Acne usually comes on a boy's face after he hits puberty.
Pooched. 
They're both orange except for the Apple.
I'm not sure yet.
The spaghetto
Heyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!
Unique up on it.
A punkin. Edit: and apparently not me.
Nunavut.
Brown chicken brown cow.. 
Well, all marriages are legal in North Korea, but no one has them because there's no rice to throw.
Under his buccan-hat.
The position of the dirtbag.
Goldfish like to muck around the fountain.

 
They only serve crackers!
He was in the newd today.
Come on, guys. The answer's a dead giveaway.
You can't jelly your cock into a girls mouth. -the daily show
Because it was on the house.
Because anyone who can swim, run, or climb is already in America.
Def Leppard
Special KKK.
By leaving the toilet seat at a 45 degree angle for the next person to decide without bias.
Because they always take things literally.
Q: what does Oedipus the king's mother wear under her dress? A: a Freudian slip
Because that's where most accidents happend!
You can hide your own Easter eggs.
Because when da white boy whipping dem, they'd jump really high from the pain like from Tom and Jerry
Wes Welker. Everyone knows you need a white Bronco to get away with murder.
denimdenimdenim...denimdenimdenim...
A stick.
Because Ken comes in a different box!
Ten tickles.
The Iranian Ambassador to the UN had just finished giving a speech and walked out into the lobby of the convention center where he was introduced to a U.S. Marine General.  As they talked the Iranian said, "I have just one question about what i have seen in America." The General said, "well anything i can do to help" The Iranian whispered, "my son watches this show called Star Trek and in it there is Kirk who is American, Chekhov who is Russian, Scotty who is Scottish, Uhura who is black, and Sulu who is japanese, but there are no Muslims. My son is very upset and doesn't understand why there aren't any Iranians, Iraqis, Afghans, Egyptians, Palestinians, Saudis, Syrians, or Pakistanis on Star Trek. The General laughed, leaned toward the Iranian Ambassador and whispered in his ear, "That's because it takes place in the future...."
It takes longer to pick up.
Me- No, but the dishwasher is.. Prank Caller- Huh??? Me- Yeah my wife's out on a jog...
(works better read out loud)
Nothing. They both stink!
A panda. It's black, it's white and it's Asian.
In his sleevies! 
Cadillac seats 5.
Her parents left the plunger in the toilet.
A whinecologist. 
Smurfette, as she's the only one with a blue box! Lol
Rasputin
Cause he was snowden.
Snow whites cherry. 
In honor of the recent joke trends I ask you what is the dirtiest joke you know? 
Because everytime they look down they shit themselves.
Dress her up as an alter boy.
The Ground.
What do the WWE and CNN have in common?  They're both fake, but sometimes people still get hurt.
Squatters.
Because he's snowed in.
The farmer shucks between fits!
Ruth-less.
Too many cheetahs.
It was in bread.....
a stick
C, eh. N, eh. D, eh.
A log!
Does that mean mary had a little lamb?
About half-way. Wokka wokka!
It's for yids, by yids!
You fuck her!
Stagger-saurus.
Because I've got an unattended package I think you should investigate.
A trip without the kids
Because he would just kill off all 140 characters.
Nice belt
Area 52
The Middle. That way, you're always driving out of Iowa.
Because he was snowed in.
A nun with a harpoon through her head.
Crackers don't come in cans, they come in boxes!
tulips on your organ.
A firecracker.
they only live for three days, and spend it fucking with you
Because the Earth is not a sandwich!
You can't make your van gogh.
Because it was his duty.
C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER!
they only bring a smile if used properly.
Telling your parents you're gay. 
A toe-mat-o.
If you had one you would know.
KK-cake
Nothing, it just let out a little wine.

A: Kermit the Frog's Finger
Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame rabbit? Tame way, unique up on it.
To get to the ugly guy's house. Knock knock. Who's there? The chicken.
When you throw your knickers against the wall, and they stay there.
A tents atmosphere
To put out fires. Why do elephants have large, flat feet?  To stamp out burning ducks.
National Dyslexics Association.
Your mom can't take a joke
The order was for two large planes!
Because she already has 315 degrees.
A spatula. Maybe she'll be more responsible making dinner than making babies.
National Dyslexia Association
Rastafriedrice
Paradice...
Helen Keller.
Hey, teacher, leave those kids alone!
Because seven is a registered six offender.
"Fuck-ooooff, fuck-ooooff, FUCK-OFF!!!"
Because they suck.
I have no idea, I just know they aren't free
Because they're good at commiting.
Hummuside
My Buttcheeks ((_
Keep the tip.
He was a super pallid Cali mystic, expert at hypnosis. (Today I had wanted to tell someone the Gandhi joke I read on here the other day, but I couldn't remember it so I made this up and thought I may as well share it even though it's purely derivative.)
A passerby saw a man laid flat on the sidewalk in front of the local beauty shop and ran to offer assistance. As the man came blinking into consciousness, the passerby asked, “What happened?” The man rubbed the back of his head and said, “I don’t know! Last thing I remember, my wife was coming out of the salon there and I said, “Well, at least they tried.”
A handicrapped zone.
They don't listen.
Jesus didn't have a bunch of tattoos of a Mexican...
I laughed but still. I find it unlikely that a quarter billion people subscribed to 
Because proper tea is theft!

It only takes one nail to hang the picture.
Child: Knock Knock Grandmother: Who's there? Child: [Insert Name] Grandmother: [Insert Name] who? Child: Oh no! You have Alzheimer's! Yes? No?
A club sandwich with extra beets.
We'll get on it next week
He ate a 3 year old wiener.
Ewoks
Wait until the leash goes slack, then pull the rip cord.
The wheelchair!
Good credit and a fat ass. 
He was looking for a tight seal.
Because the stalks are all ears.
Nothing. It just waved.
She choked. 
Jah-Bless!
Dam
She offered to pay for half of his J-date membership.
Eh, it's some number you've probably never heard of.
The washing machine doesn't cry when you drop a load in it.
No Mata!!
Well, you start with the breasts and the thighs, and you end up with a greasy box to put your bone in.
One is so hot that you blow on it before you stick your dick in,  and the other is a person and shouldn't be seen as a mere sexual object.
Neither, they both burn shorter.
Go for the juggler.
A nervous wreck.
I don't know and I don't care!
No ideer.
They couldn't be further from my mind.
Because they are disappointed in you...
It would be funny if this joke had a punchline. Wooden tit.
When you throw your knickers against the wall, and they stay there.
Because they always see widescreen!
A geek.
An illegal.
Because all of it's Uncles were Aunts(Ants)
A: You lift their kilts, and whichever one has a Quarter Pounder is a McDonald!!
A golfer goes whack......shit. A climber goes shit.......whack.
He got mixed up with a few bad apples.
Because, their pecker is on their head.
Only one of them is organized. Couldn't help but post this.  Went to see a former mafia boss today, and that joke was told leading up to him speaking.
A Swallow.
They can't, it'd be much too cramped.  How would they even get in there in the first place?
Because he was Snowden!
The engagement ring,  the wedding ring,  and then the suffering
He's never gonna give you Up! Credit to my friend who doesn't even Reddit.
Four skin divers
Yeah right, like married women ever screw anything other than poolboys.....
You marry her.
Keep the tip.
Because they cantaloupe
The blonde doesn't sit still when she is on eggs.
Because there were 'nights.
1% Do it again 1% Go Smoking 1% Fall Asleep 97% Clear History EDIT: Punctuation
One. She just holds it in place, while the world revolves around her. * Beverly Hills ninja edit... rotates to revolves
Awesome...
He couldn't shit. 
I don't know, but it sure can pick lettuce.
Because he was Snowden
A cat has its claws at the end of its paws and a comma is the pause at the end of a clause.
Penis weakness leaving the body.
Baked Beans.
Hebrews it.
Little Caesars.  ...I'll see myself out. 
Mourning wood
Recently heard a yo mama joke and wondered if there is such a thing as yo daddy jokes. If they do exist, I'd like to read some!
Brown chicken, brown cow. (say outloud for full effect)
Scooby doo.
I can't jelly my dick in your ass.
I candel you.
Wiped his ass.
A good thing screwed up by a period.
What do you call a cow that's missing a leg? Lean Beef. What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground Beef. What do you call a cow that's masturbating? Beef Strokin-Off
Kermit the Frog's finger
Possession!
Nothing, they just waved.
A bull smiles when you milk it. 
Because the P is Silent!
They both had Kurds in their way!
Because he was out standing in his field. 
Wanna go ride bikes?
Because he had his appendix removed. note: books can also be female.
I’d planned a trip to Hawaii next month but this is so easy and profitable that I want to fix it before it cures itself. He has no idea and is hoping you’ll give him a clue. I want to see if you’ve paid your last bill before spending anymore time with you. The good news is, I’m going to buy that new BMW. The bad news is, you’re going to pay for it. I have a forty percent interest in the lab. He’s going through a messy divorce and owes me a bundle. I’m writing a paper and would like to use you for a guinea pig. Last week two patients bit off their tongues. The drug company slipped me some big bucks to prescribe this stuff. I can’t figure out what’s wrong. Maybe the kid in the lab can solve this one. My God, that’s the third one this week. I’d better learn something about this.

He was floored.
He never really got the hang of Parthian shots.
Decepticondoms.
Buy a deck of cards.
It reminds him of Uncle Ben.
Brevity.
doesn't matter...  must not look down..
Gets jalapeño buisness. ... I'll let my self out.
Luftwaffles
The Hippocampus!
Tape his mouth shut. 
His name is Ryan Fitzpatrick
I left the tip on the night stand.
Because they can't get past "the wall".
I take my shoes off to jump on a trampoline.
A private tooter 
Uhh' banananaaaaaa
Because the tower is an Eiffel. 
Credit: Saw the comment in this   [1:55]

Anybody can roast beef... 

Carlos
because it was two tired
Tim Tebow
They're making headlines.
Self employed
A portugeeser
Because she got an F in sex.
Pale ale
It's driving me nuts
Rover Flows Out Of You.
The French word for "cheese" is "fromage".
Because you always want another one!
expellianus!
Cherry pop.  See you all in hell!
Both get to smell the goods but neither get to eat it.   (A straight rip from   with my apologies)
He called for her three times, but she she still didn't answer. ...
Put a windshield in front of her.
He woke up.
Eh, I'll tell you later.
Because it's un oeuf.
"You're my breast friend"
Because men fake foreplay.
The epileptic corn-husker shucks between fits.
One's a crusty bus station... The other's a busty crustacean! 
Come again?
Sparky
Cancer can get jobs
[Meekly]   
Emission impossible
My dad recently clipped a child on his way to pick my brother up from school. Everyone was okay and everything is sorted out, but he's been noticeably sad and depressed and stuff. I could not come up with any jokes, sadly. Can anyone help me out?
Rick O'Shay.
Because the sunscreen instructed to apply liberally and he was unwilling to compromise.
You Barium.
Grazing. 
Trick question. Feminists can't change anything.
'Cause 69's a mouthful!
You can't gargle sand.
Cuz you a Ho
Dam!
None; they all stand around complementing it then get mad when it wont screw. Heard from my friend
It's naan of your business!!!
One cold night, she broke it off!
Burger King didn't wrap his Whopper.
Nought two sixty.
With summer getting sunnier a woman asks her husband: "What do you think: should I go sunbathing in the nude in the backyard?" The husband just shrugs and says:"Do as you like." The woman replies: "What do you think the neighbors will say if they see me sunbathing like that?" The husband replies:"They'll probably think I married you for the money."
A menstrual cyclist!
Because none of their plans are ill-conceived.
You get better grip on the brooms.
Because she was a woman.
Because of the green piece inside.
Emilio Incestevez
"Cheep"
I'm always taken for granite!
SHELLom
I don't cum on an apple before I eat it
No one knows yet!
Because Opie is faggot
A reservation reservation reservation.  Credit to Brian Regan, this is my favorite joke of his!

The Boss of our small company was complaining during a staff meeting that people didn’t respect him enough. Trying to change the attitude in the office he came in the next day with a sign for his door it said, “I am the boss”. One of the employees apparently not appreciating the change posted a post-a-note on the sign it said “your wife wants her sign back” 
'Cause they're a bunch of pussies.
bob
Because they can't monitor all those dropped calls!
[ ] Some-where over the rain-bow... Weigh a pie.
because the Trail Of Tears had a toll booth.
They don't hit on anything over 14.
A strapadictome
a handshake
none, occupy protesters can't change anything.
Cause they be quacking jokes
A trailer
Depends
The spaghetto.
To hide his nuts!!
Where there's a Will, there's a way.
Any cock'll do
One is a bunch of Cunning Stunts
You don't. You get down off a duck.
the National Dyslexic Association!
.. the hotdogs taste like shit. 
Because he hates Costco.
A rip off.
At 'Wass-a-matta U'
Han Jobs
Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from...
It's all just white noise.
They always come pre-paired. 
Theres twenty four of them.
''Doctor Dolittle.'' EDIT: The doctor off that movie that talks to the animals.
He works it out with a pencil.
Little Seizures.
Because he d-d-d-d-dropped the vase.  Stupid. I know. 
Horse penis
Throw your laundry in!
You make a seizure salad
An Unexpecturd.
When the girl has to chew before she swallows.
Everywhere
Concentrated juice.
An Insti-Gator
Up vote if you agree
Allah-board
Mitosis!
They Cantaeloped!
Because we're too afraid to go outside
Two, but you have to get them in the lightbulb first.
A cussomer. 
Sandwiches.  Friend told me this today and had to share
There's a parking meter on the roof.
a pedophile
Because they don't like Dicks.
Fish
To get the serf report
to the dog.
At a meatball!
He's already started suing again.
Virgin Mobile.
Because he was wayyy far out man.
It's a local anthesisia anesthesia, you've probably never heard of it. 

A sheep-da
A cross breeze.
A cab.
Oh, Plebes.
1forrest1
I don't think you understand the gravity of your situation
They never get old.
The Diarrhea of Anne Frank
Mace
It got stuck to the chicken. 
Dat shit Frey.
Temperatures above 100 degrees celsius.
Entra-Manure 
Echo-location, location, location (Replace "bat" with "zubat" if you wish.)
At least you get to start with an anonymous tip.
Peter Shrinklage
A 'Miley Cyprus'.  Dear god, shoot me.
Portugeese
You've never heard of him.

Probably because he was such a- "Fagget about it!"
Coaster Rica
A good start.
Mike Ike's are my least favorite.
Because 7,10,11!
"It has Injun problems."
Because he takes everything for granite.
Viet-nom.

One in thousnads has a chance to e a human being.  ~Edit: I edited the title. 
"Don't look back in hanger"
Holy Smokes!
It gives out a little wine!

Eh-K-47
Ask your parents
Lil Wayne-ker
They have four lips
None, that's a Mexican's job.
He smelled a little fishy.  Edit: a word. 
Hebrews
Nobody laughs at your jokes.
you have to sit at the back of the gas chamber.
Tri-tip. What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef. What do you call a cow with one leg? Steak. What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
They know they've given their last blowjob. 
A man came home from work and found his 5 children outside, still in their pyjamas, playing in the mud, with empty food boxes and wrappers strewn around garden, The door of his wife's car was open, as was the front door to the house and no sign of the dog,  Walking in the door, he found ...an even bigger mess. A lamp had been knocked over, the throw rug was against one wall, In the front room the TV was on loudly with the cartoon channel, the family room was strewn with toys and various items of clothing. In the kitchen, dishes filled the sink, breakfast food was spilled on the counter, the fridge door was open wide, dog food was spilled on the floor, a broken glass lay under the table, and a small pile of sand was spread by the back door.  He quickly headed up the stairs, stepping over toys and more piles of clothes, looking for his wife. He was worried she might be ill, or that something serious had happened. He was met with a small trickle of water as it made its way out the bathroom door. As he peered inside he found wet towels, scummy soap and more toys strewn over the floor. Miles of toilet paper lay in a heap and toothpaste had been smeared over the mirror and walls.  As he rushed to the bedroom, he found his wife still curled up in the bed in her pyjamas, reading a novel...  She looked up at him, smiled and asked how his day went.  He looked at her bewildered and asked, 'What happened here today?'  She again smiled and answered, 'You know every day when you come home from work and you ask me what in the world do I do all day?...  ''Yes," was his incredulous reply..  She answered, 'Well, today I didn't do it.’
Because when it works, it is always half-ass.
None of them, they are all stuck up cunts
If its on your fourhead?
My zipper.
Tot Pockets
Because six inches isn't going to satisfy a female elephant.
Brothel sprouts.
He's only got little legs. 
vim, vim, vim, vim, vim, vim, emacs, and vim.
Damn
Because jungle is massive
They're both interested in whips and chains.
A Slut sleeps with everyone A Bitch sleeps with everyone, except you.
One. He holds it up, and the world revolves around him to screw it in.
As a soldier, it is your job to kill people. As a teacher, it is your job to try very hard not to kill people.
Then I bet you wish you'd given them proper names instead of thinking you were clever by calling them Lake and Destiny.
My advice is to pop it in a bag of rice overnight...
So you know what shows   to watch.
What is the difference between a introverted engineer and an extroverted engineer? An introverted engineer looks at his feet when he talks to you. An extroverted engineer looks at YOUR feet when he talks to you!
You oscillate its tits a lot.
They can't pass the bar.
Don't worry--THEY'LL FUCKING TELL YOU.
He strained his leg.  
A 7-year-old that can run faster than her brothers!
He died of exposure.  It was not a pretty picture.
nevermind it's satill in beta
Because if you went down a slide you'd go blblblblblblblblbll... (When telling the joke you're supposed to do a duck face and hum and put your finger up and down on your lips.
They wouldn't. They'd rather spend a decade bitching about how it went out.
Because he couldn't get his dick out of the chicken.
To get to the other side.
He worked it out with a pencil.
Lenght of chimney x wind speed
We usually are outside for hours arguing over who get the hold the door open for everyone.
Come  Help  A Nigger  Get  Elected
The haunted mouse
Because he makes two Adams smash together
So it doesn't burst when you fuck it.
They don't have enough teeth for dental records, and they all have the same DNA.
He breaks his nose.
Huge tits. 
National Dyslexics Association.
It was feeling down
My dad just took a piece of metal to his chest and it is imbedded in his skin. We have thought of all jokes possible relevant to the situation. He has a good sense of humor. We need more jokes.  Please help me reddit!
Ba dum 
His Feyonce.
He's out standing in his field.
A yama-cat
Lots
Because he's dead.
They both like a tight seal
Yell "BINGO!"
One likes pipelines, and the other likes pipes   lines.
Two, but how do they get in there?
because he has no Seoul
Urine trouble!
A white horse fell into some mud
Your parents would know!
"No, and I bet she hasn't heard about it." "She probably hasn't seen it either."
I genuinely care about your mother.
It's a secret!
Because he wanted to transcend dental medication. 
How the hell did they get inside a light bulb?
Rape.
None.
Two Jews found the same penny!
CROSS fire
The wheelchair.
It wasn't because he was Jewish, it's because he didn't exsist. 
Society 
Must be hard to beat.
HAND-EEEEEYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEE
Because they're jahbless!
Acne waits until you've hit puberty to come on your face.
Ape-ril
Because he couldn't branch out.
Because it reminded him of Jonathan Clock the man who raped his wife the night before.

Homo erectus.
He drank coffee before it was kewl.
Bison. 
Where you last left him.
When you rub your dick on her teddy bear.
Vladislav, baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more.
You can unscrew a lightbulb
Nobody knows.
Planters.
what the hail was that?!
Arbortion
Kill his entire family
I could use some sage advice.
Because he kneaded a poo.
A flat miner.
The father says - "40 dollars, what do you need 30 dollars for?"
A drunk man who smelled like beer sat down on a subway seat next to a priest. The man's tie was stained, his face was plastered with red lipstick, and a half empty bottle of gin was sticking out of his torn coat pocket. He opened his newspaper and began reading. After a few minutes the man turned to the priest and asked, "Say, Father, what causes arthritis?" "My Son, it's caused by loose living, being with cheap, wicked women, too much alcohol and a contempt for your fellow man." "Well, I'll be damned," the drunk muttered, returning to his paper. The priest, thinking about what he had said, nudged the man and apologized. "I'm very sorry. I didn't mean to come on so strong. How long have you had arthritis?" "I don't have it, Father. I was just reading here that the Pope does." 
I'm taking a psychology of death and dying class, and one of the assignments is to dig up some jokes about death, dead people, dying, etc. Whatever you post here will probably make it into my paper. Anything you can think of will help and I'll probably end up laughing my ass off reading through here. 
You're gonna get raped!
Are you fucking Sirius?
Because you take one look and walk away.
A roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris!  However, this method will cause more destruction than the tornado.
Two cooks in the house.
Full.
Pilgrims.
A Gay Raj band
None.
The girl in a church has a soul full of hope and the girl in a bath has, well... EDIT: better structure.
Keep the tip.
A frog in a blender.
It's when you mean one thing but fuck your mother.
Their last big hit was the wall
Some women say size doesn't matter. Some even say that they prefer smaller ones. I think that they're just shallow.
Be sharp or Be flat.
It felt like bacon.
Back into the microwave so I can get in another round.
Grab onto your nuts, this is no ordinary blow job. 
They've got to get their 72 virgins 
Nobody knows.
Weapons of mass-reduction.
because D shells dont fit
Huge tits.  Stolen from sickipedia but I have seen it 5 times and it still makes me smile, just wanted to share
Coop d'etah
Nah, she couldn't be fucked.
It krilled iself!
He desperately kneaded the dough!
Two, if you can get 'em in there.
You wouldn't get it... It's too long.
They want to finish before it's cool.
You know you shouldn't, but eventually you're gunna lick it.
A box of assorted creams.
I pity the stool!
Have a baby.
Because they recognise Ty won
Finnish hymns
Give them 2 cocks and they'll blow. 
For example, "this is so bad TBS just picked it up for 6 episodes."
Canceled Czechs
Walk him, and pitch to the giraffe! 
A paragraph, because he isn't yet an ése.
In the end, everyone did it.
He worked it out with a pencil.
Looking for the tight seal

A cemetary, freaks a woman out a little bit, makes it that much tighter...
The Doors.
Shuriken.
Two test-tickles.
A Sandy Hook survivor. 
What's the porpoise? 
...she shattered his jaw!
None. They prefer Natural Light.
He forgot to wrap his whopper.
Otter space. [credit goes to Anne Carson, or wherever she heard it]
We had a female news anchor that, the day after it was supposed  to have snowed and didn't, turned to the weatherman  and asked:  'So Bobby, where's that 8 inches you  promised me last night?' 
Because it was dead.
They both circle around Uranus searching for klingons.
He saw the salad dressing
A man walks into a bar, thirsty for a drink. He finds an open stool and sits down at the bar. The bartender looks at him and asks, "what do you want, jackass?" The man sitting next to him looks shocked and asks, "are you going to let him call you that?" "HEE HAW, HEE HAW, HE ALWAYS CALLS ME THAT."
Rolaids.
Doctor.
Were both constantly penetrating your mom
A black guy, because it's probably already stolen.
Cross-Crountry
"I don't know. CAN you?"
"fertilized"
An old cowboys goes into a bar, sits down and orders a drink.  As he sits there sipping his bourbon, a young lady sits down next to him.  She turns to the cowboys and asks "Are you a real cowboy?". He replies "Well, I've spent my whole life on the ranch, herding horses, mending fences and branding cattle, so I guess I am". She says "That's cool.  I'm a lesbian.  I spend my whole day thinking about women.  As soon as I get up in the morning I think about women.  When I shower or watch TV, everything seems to make me think of women". The young lady finishes her drink and leaves and soon after a couple sits down next to the cowboy and the man asks him "Are you a real cowboy?". He replies "Well, I always thought I was but I just found out I'm a lesbian".
None, they only screw playoff games.
Purr-tuguese
Bu-khakis
In the mainstream.
It's an obscure number, your probably never heard of it. 
Underlay! Underlay!
It's simple. We all know 69 as a sex position. Satan's own number is 666. Now think about gays, and 666 as a sex position.
Count for yourself...
The cold shoulder
Do you like fishdicks?  Do you like to put fishsticks in your mouth? You're a gay fish.
Wanna ride bikes?
I like your hat. 
On a bull, the horns are at the front, and the ass hole is at the back.
The heat was in tents
Because they are really good at it
Condoms.   Courtesy of my witty ole' uncle mike
Little Caesars.
A PRIVATE TUTOR
Boobies.
Every time his wife gets hot he beats her with a shovel..
Jews.
Because he kept running out of the pen.
Because it was dead!  Why did the second monkey fall out of the tree?  Because it was tied to the first monkey!  Why did the third monkey fall out of the tree?  Momey see, monkey do!  Why did the fourth monkey fall out of the tree?  Peer pressure!
Zimbabwe.
Quacker Oats
Debris.
You'd probably think it's missionary, but i'm pretty sure they'd try the back door if they had the chance.
Because plastic surgery costs a fortune!
Who wants to know?
... Cashews. 
Interracial double penetration
Ruuuubbbby?
She was always eating her curds and whey.
They both moan like hell when they come and take the house when they leave.
Its ass. 
"What are all these landscapers doing here?"
If we stick together, we can stop this shit. 
Bringham Young
A reptile dysfunction 
A golden retriever
Please share if you have any, no rules O.o
Because they can't reach the top shelf. 
Between you and I, something smells.
None, Rather than change it they will just sit in a corner and cry like little bitches
Santa stops at three ho's. 
Cause they love the part when the hooker returns the money!
It's intense!

.. A cereal killer !
All the damn digging.
So a guy from Minnesota goes to Harvard and he goes up to one of the students and asks, "hey could you tell me where the library is at"? and the student snobbly replies, "This is Harvard we don't end our sentences with prepositions". To which the student form Minnesota replies, "okay, could you tell me where the library is at asshole"?
"BREATHE DAMMIT!!"
The wheelchair.
History
Let's get Jobs.  Found in the comments of a   post by   
If they flew by the bay, they'd be Bayguls!
Fruit by the foot.
Give her a used tampon and ask her what period it came from.
A blender. How do you get them out? Tostitos
A sheep. 
Do you lava me like I lava you?
One's a sick duck, and I forget the rest of the joke but your mother's a whore.
Neither have they
They had reservations.
Subtlety.
They were cantaloupes. ;)
A Query. 
Frostbite
Because cowboys always eat with their hats on.
Fluoride, duh.
Prism (Note: I made this joke up. Sorry if this little note refracts from the humour.)
No, I'm not in a hurry.
A water sprinkler, cuz it goes spic...spic... spic, chink, niggerniggerniggernigger I'm black btw, heard it at an anti-racism assembly in high school of all places.
Start swimming
Luke warm.
Whale shit!
He worked his problem out with a pencil.
Sore Arms.
I'm sorry officer I didn't know this was your jurisdicktion. I heard this on a movie years ago,  can anyone guess which one it was? 
In case he got a hole-in-one!
Off the hook. (It's stupid but I did make it up)
He drank his coffee before it was cool
Because Boston has all the cups!
It turns Noooo! Noooo! Noooo!......to..... Mmmmm, Mmmmm, Mmmmm.
A magician makes rabbits appear in hats, while a psychologist makes habits appear in rats.
A polar bear
A Boyscout comes back from camp!
A plesiosaur.
To get to the other slide 
It must be a prequel spin off.

Two, but you have to wonder how they got in there.
Iron Man is a superhero. Iron woman is a command.
Mycoxafloppin.
A homesick abortion.
They don't believe in higher powers. 
It was plane to sea.  
'Cause the B-shells were too small.
Boobees. 
He was charged with possession.
A cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth.
Whoa, whoa, whoa... Wade just a minute. 
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) to screw in the lightbulb and the other ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) to just( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Woofsh
Let's just say he felt overall sadness.
george crooney
because he can't aim steadily  
Connect the Dots.
A heart surgeon takes his Cadillac to his mechanic to get his engine fixed. When he returns a few days after to pick up the car, the mechanic calls him over to show him something. He says, "Okay Doc, I've changed the seals out and fixed everything up but I have one question. The engine is to the car as the heart is to the body. Why is it that you make some much more money than me?" The doctor examines the engine carefully and says, "try fixing it while the engine is running." 
Rustle
A butt load...
It's called The Pun-isher.
I will not stand for this.
I bang them both on my coffee table at night. 
I would love some jokes to tell to my teachers :D
Because it tastes good.
The stuff they have looks good but its impossible to put together. huehue
A velocirapture
In a skeptic tank. (Note: I just made up this joke earlier today. I'm not 100% sure the joke is obvious; feel free to suggest a better wording!)
Mick Jagger says "Hey (hey) you (you) get off of my cloud..." the Scottish farmer says "Hey McCloud get off of my ewe"
A human-sized microwave.
Not long... they like to do it while it's still warm.
Follow instructions. Say - Eye Spell-map Say-ness
A rooster goes cockle-doodle-doo and and a prostitute goes any cock will do
The cold shoulder!
You can't hear an enzyme
Just the two... but it takes a whole dedicated team at emergency to remove it.
EU!
When the choir boys have diarrhea.
Captain Hand
It's knees.
Ginger ale!
Free Ham!
These pants fit like a glove!
I can maintain polite conversation.
Because they had nothing in comma
He was outstanding in his field. 
Dago wop wop wop
They both get a hard on when they find a gap in the fossil record. 
Give him sheet music.
His kid said, "Dad, I'm over here!"
Jackpot!
milk 
Toad.
Depends
Because the pee is silent.
Niggers.
Quarter pounder with cheese
He was playing on the road again.
No L
He worked it out with a pencil.
You can't fit your finger between the noose and his neck.
Militia Etheridge
A small medium at large!
A Trampoline.
An overall statement.
A Chinese finger trap
That's not funny.
You can sleep with a light on.
He had to sarcophagi for the drug money
A broken TV.............. racist.
a Shar-Pei :)
It's not hard.
He couldn't figure out how he got a period.
Depends.
Zero fucks gibbon. (sorry)
He was looking for Pooh.
One's a hairy beast that spits and the other's native to South America.
tequila!
Because their knee grows.
A Nguyen mill.
Motherless.com
Punch him in the nose.
A homogeneous mixture.
A stoner gets baked on purpose
Botulism. Bad meat in the can.
because Chinese eat fish and Koreans selfish 
It got   away!
Nothing. Fruits can't talk. Idiot.
Oh never mind it's too long.
Nobody wants to pretend to be a Mexican for a day. 
The weekend!
I don't know why you're shaking, she's going to eat me.
Haaaaayyyy(gay voice)
He bought a warehouse.
It got toad away.
Cuatro Sinko.
A piece of cake
Elephino
Mourning wood.
How do you drive this thing?!
Because they're too cornea.
because it didnt want to swim in the hot chocolate 
Because they'll steal all the green cards.
Boy Scouts get to leave the camp.
Czechers.
You planet.
BBBRRAAAAAAAHHHHHMMM...'s lullaby.
She was a woman.
A statesman is a dead politician. God knows we need more statesman.
A paragraph
A wonkey.  What do you call a three-legged donkey with one eye? A winky-wonkey. 
He's only got small legs.
A bit of this and a byte of that.     Courtesy of   here 
I put on the wrong sock this morning.
When the leash goes slack.
Because it scares the fuck out of the dogs.
No sound at all, the D is silent 
Ted Bunyan.
His pairs are unmatched!
Because they can't keep a straight face.
Because he has seen plenty of balls drop.  (Sorry)
coming out of the pantry! i dunno if this is the kinda stuff you guys like, but i had to share it with someone.
Meowcus
Eileen Dover...

Tooth-Hurty
50 cent with Nickelback
Iron, man.
I call that unfortunate.
He isn't a fungi.
A functioning alcoholic.
Because you could easily fit another pair of tits down there.
Because he's dead
Tequila Mockingbird I made this up just now... I'm so excited about it.
Both of their last big hits were The Wall. 
WANNA RIDE BIKES?

Emoglobin.
Because she was looking for a stable relationship.
Because if it flew over the bay it would be a bagel!
Of course you haven't.
Cancer.
Only one, but you need three light bulbs.
They don't like Dicks...
One's a scum-sucking bottom-feeder, and the other's a fish.
Because it was Hammertime'
Algorithm
Leek.
Because it was popular in California 10 years ago.
Dark side of the moon.  You sick bastard.
The driving point is that it's auto-biographical.
Because 9 was still alive.
He ended up nailing Jesus.
There was a face-off in the corner.
He's all right now.
Baroque.
I'm nuttin' without you.
They come in pears
Two, if they'll fit.
Pilgrims
In a nutshell!
Because they think we give a shit.
He wiped.
How was your date with Chris Brown.
Only one, but the lightbulb has to want to change.
Cause seven said, "I'm gonna stab you, bitch!"
Hitler. 
"I have only my shelf to blame"
His goal: transcend dental medication
You look for the fresh prints!
They both want to bury their bone.
"Keep the tip"
Because 'Mad Cow Disease' was taken!
It Depends
An old Russian Jew, left behind decades ago when the rest of the family fled to Israel, had finally been granted permission to leave by the Soviet government. But not without a few last indignities. When he arrived at the airport, his luggage was confiscated and thoroughly searched in front of him. The customs officer, after going through his luggage, pulled out an eight pound sold metal bust of Lenin. "What is this?" the customs officer demanded. "What is this? What is this?!   is this! This is Lenin, who dreamed of a better society for every Russian. Somewhere along the line," the old man said, wagging his finger at the young customs officer, "we lost our way. Lenin did not fail. We failed  . And as I go into the exile in a far off land, I take this with me to remind me of the ideal I must strive for." Chagrined, the officer replaced the bust and sent the old man on his way. Sadly, the old man met with similar suspicion when he arrived in Tel Aviv. Again his luggage was searched. Again the bust was found. And again, he was questioned. "What is this?" the customs officer demanded. "What is this? What is this?!   is this! This is Lenin, the bastard who ruined our country and drove millions of us into desolation and exile. This is Lenin, whose grasp of human nature was only exceeded by his inability to find his own ass with both hands. This is Lenin, whose bust I will place in my new home in the toilet so that every morning, I can give him the treatment he so richly deserves!" Chagrined, the officer replaced the bust and sent the old man on his way. The old man finally made it to the small community where his relations had settled. He had a joyful reunion with long lost cousins and met all those distant relations he had only before known through censored letters. And joy of joys, he met his dear great granddaughter, child of the sister who had died under Lenin's rule so very long ago. The girl was delighted with her new relation and helped him as he unpacked. "Grandpapa," she asked, pulling the bust from his suitcase. "Who is this?" "Who is this? Who is this?!   is this! This, my dear child, is some lead paint and  ."
Two Mennonite 
What do you call a fruit that procrastinates? ...A Cramberry!
Salt Lick City.  
Just for the halibut.
Anything but blue waffles.
Jim Brady
Your Wife is shouting at you to open the front door, and your dog is barking at the back door. Which one do you let in? Well you can choose, but if you let the dog in at least they will stop barking. 
SQUIRREL SHIT!
Chicken butt.
She's a Woman....  No, Seriously, it's cause she's dead.
One, but it is going to about 7 episodes. 
I don't have a BMW in my garage.  ....and if I did, I   wouldn't masturbate in it. 
The PUNter.
Holy smokes. 
A Freudian Slip
Call gary
None.  They glow in the dark.
That all depends on the drill.
Four men are being interviewed as part of a scientific survey that is being conducted in order to determine what's the fastest thing on earth. The first man says,"I think that it's probably a blink because you can blink so quickly that sometimes you don't even realize that your blinking." The second man scoffs at this idea and says,"A thought is certainly much faster than a blink, and I challenge anyone who disagrees with me to speak up now!" The third man thought on it a moment before replying,"I have to agree that a thought is faster than a blink, but I'm afraid you're wrong. You see, electricity is ten times faster than both of those things. When you flip a light switch the light turns on instantly. You don't even have time to think about how it gets from the power company, and all the way down miles of power lines to your house, through your fuse box, to your light switch, and finally to the light turning it on." The other two men thought that this was a pretty convincing argument, and so the three of them agreed that electricity must be the fastest thing on earth. Then the fourth man says,"I am sorry, but all of you are wrong. The answer is diarrhea." The other men laugh at him and ask,"are you crazy? How could it possibly be diarrhea?!" To which the fourth man replies,"I can state with certainty that the answer is indeed diarrhea! You see, just last night I woke up in the middle of the night with a case of the squirts. Before I could blink, think, or turn on a light I shit my pants on the way to the bathroom!" 
Deport him.
It was rated R.
Telling your parents you're gay.
Both can be fixed with a coathanger.
A nun with a spear through her head.
you stink.
Depends.
Americans. Alternatives: What's the only thing Americans and the French agree on? The English. What's the only thing the English and Americans agree on? The French.
said Guy. "No" said Girl. "That's the spirit!" said Guy. Girl is now screwed.
The spawn shop.
They taste funny
Elvis Parsley
Rape. It's not a family game.
You look for fresh prints
All they've got is Harden
Either way you lose a motorhome.
Tennish.
You can't gargle sand.
A tuna, because the rest of them are crustaceans. 
Dr. Dre
A good thing ruined by a period.
Polaroids.          
Vladimir Pootin'
No-eyed deer.  What do you call a deer with no eyes or legs? Still no-eyed deer. What do you call a deer with no eyes, no legs, and no genitals? Still no-fucking-eyed deer.

He drank his coffee before it was cool
The wife always blows the bonus.
A Nguyen-Nguyen situation
Militia Etheridge
One is a busty crustacean and the other is a crusty bus station
Someone who literally gets off beating a dead horse.
Free bacon. Let the downvotes rain down on me.
I know there's a joke in there somewhere... 
Mat. I neglected to mention he has no arms or legs.
Because he's a dickhead.
Juan more time!
Hey, Sally... what's your favorite color? Piiiiiiiink Hey, Sally, what's your favorite smell? Roooooooses Hey Sally, what's your favorite animal? Pretty butterflies! Hey Sally, what's your favorite sound?  BALLS! SLLLLLAPPIN' AGAINST MY ASS!
Putting her back in the wheel chair...
Punch them in the hands.
He was thrown out at home.  - His two balls got a strike. 
String theory!!
You get banned from the petting zoo. 
That is Nazi answer.
"Oh sure, just because I'm a woman means I have to do everything around here.  And let me tell you..."
They were his best fronds.
He came out of nowhere.
It's pretty much a downward spiral.
It was awesome!
All of them!
Boobees!!!
Pretty Hot.
Because they'll Pikachu
Full.
It was on a strict diet of worms. edit:  changed pronoun to avoid ambiguity
Snigger. 
A small medium at large!!
Because there's a vas deferens between them.
They both have 3 balls and 2 strikes.
Pack him a lunch and tell him to go to work!
They're scared of Wales.
Run like hell, 'cause she's got a grenade in her mouth.
Hey guys, so our office is right between where the two bombs went off in Boston last week. They opened everything back up last night, and so we're back in today. I saw a lot of stuff that I never wanted to last week, and it seems like I'm the only one here (out of 6 employees) that is really struggling with this. Can you help me get through today with some feel good jokes?
Because he was a fucking liar! -from Louis CK's AMA-
I love ewe!
I can only fit 3 fingers in a bowling ball
Monkey vomit
....because he was afraid he'd see Bush. 
It was hard to make a living. 
I was just wondering about how many jokes today maybe irrelevant 100 years into the future. To test this theory, what are the oldest recorded jokes? 
Because pepper makes them sneeze
"Crick"
The second hour is free.
Like, "It's time for a spanking." "You've been a bad girl." Or "Come over here and suck daddy's dick."
You can fall asleep with a light on.
A golden retriever
There once was a genie with a 10 foot wienie  so he showed it to the woman next door she thought it was a snake so she hit it with a rake and now it is 5foot 4
I can't jelly my dick in your ass.
KKK-Mart.
Beef stroganoff. 
A pinecone.
Windows vista
"Bro, do you even shift?"
It went on a road trip and had an auto body experience!
I tried taking his shell off but it only made him more sluggish.
Person 1: Her name was Reese, errr, Reese, Reese whatshername... Person 2: Witherspoon? Person 1: No, with a knife. 
A scientologist.
I'm Thor
Beaners
Because they're always looking for drains.
Pee-er to pee-er networking (P2P).
Put a little boogie in it! 
Snowballs!
Era Error
Albums released through California penal records.
Coal'd.
One... The rest are true stories.
Like oral sex.
Put on the wrong sock.....
He felt his presents.
Make sure you get my Gouda side!
Who cares?
All, to save this world from the darkness. 
He is really gay
When the Doctor changes the timeline, it's usually for a good reason.
Ground beef.

What do you call a couch, chair, and a table made out of plants? Ferniture.
Because he was on duty.
Because he couldn't concentrate.
I can't be your friend anymore you're just too shallow!
because he was DEAD
I don't have a Ferrari.
Because it was more than 90 degrees.
Kermit the Frog's undivided attention.
To get to the other side
1 very large cricket
With Twitter you only get 140 characters. 
No one likes to eat parsely.
Because he was bored of the rings!
He got the sack.
Diabetes
"You're grounded."
I can't goat my dick in your ass.
It was too tired...
Because North Korean missiles don't go that far. 
I heard everybody had a blast. 
Because they can't wear a strait-jacket.

Push it down a hill.
He forgot his head and shoulders.
"Do you sell flip-flips?"
Once they're blown, they're useless.
De-composing
The one who broke a G string while fingering A minor.
"Brown-chicken-brown-cow!"  And then they swagger a bit.
She was tired of raisin' kids.
I can feel it coming In The Air Tonight, Oh Lord!
Go for the juggler.
He was second to Nun.
From doing Magic.
Big bird's eggs and ABCmen.
Beef Strockin' Off
Shivalry.
An instagram.
The hunger games
You don't
It might Pikachu.
He broke his glasses.
When your balls slap your girlfriend's ass, you know you're in definitely.
"I'm not Willie Nelson"
Because he didn't drywall. 
boobies 
To escape North Korea's long range missiles.
dog gone
Because she can't fit into D shells
Having to sit in the back of the oven.
One less drunk.
A Piece of ass that'll bring a tear to your eye
they touched some many lives 
because they are very touching 
Plesbians
No!!!  A pilot! A fucking pilot! You racist bastard!
Because its humerus!
Mee yew!
How many do you want?
The son said, "Dad! I'm over here!" (Willie Nelson gets credit for this one, and you absolutely give a man like Willie credit.)
The Boston Marathon!
Park in it, man.
They can both smell it, but they'll get fired if they eat it!
Depends.
The NBA.
Because ze Germans like to march in ze shade.
Nothing. They just waved.
Because they own none chucks.
He had a very eunuch style.
Fitting in.
He was out standing in his field.
Pull back a few inches
None, Nazis can't finish a race. 
What's 72? 69 with 3 people watching!
The sex is the same, but the dishes pile up.
A 7 year old who can run faster than her brothers.
Sum ting wong
Slap her in the face and refuse to pay her.
Because you can't see in the dark Badambum!
Two, but how they got in there I will never know.
A man decides to have a face-lift for his birthday. He spends $5,000 and feels really good about the results. On his way home, he stops at a newsstand and buys a paper.  Before leaving, he says to the sales clerk, "I hope you don't mind me asking, but how old do you think I am?"   "About 35," was the reply.  "I'm actually 47," the man says, feeling really happy.   After that, he goes into McDonalds for lunch and asks the clerk the same question.  The reply is, "Oh, you look about 29".   "I'm really 47!", he says, feeling better than ever.   Later, while standing at a bus stop, he asks an old woman the same question.  She replies, "I am 85 years old, and my eyesight is going. But when I was young, there was a sure way of telling a man's age. If I put my hand down your pants and play with your balls for 10 minutes, I will be able to tell you your exact age."  As there was no one around, the man thinks, What the hell and lets her slip her hand down his pants.  Ten minutes later, the old lady says, "Okay, it's done. You are 47."  Stunned, the man says, "That was brilliant. How did you do that?"     The old lady replies, "I was standing behind you at McDonalds."   Edit: Fixed a bit  
because he's a fucking liar
Kids don't eat spinach
"Lettuce, pray."
...because he had Loco-Motive.
I can't gargle with sand.
You stay up all night wondering if there's a dog.
One. 
In the foliage.
scrotemeal
Because everytime his wife gets hot ,he covers her with dirt and beats her with a shovel. :-P
He pulled some strings.
Homocide.
An issue. 
So he'd use natural logs!
Republicans are against them and democrats want more for schools.
The D is silent.
because if they go forward they would fall inside the boat.
What do I have to do to get ahead around here?
The taste.
After you're done with the breasts and thighs, all you have left is the greasy box. 
Hhhhaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyy.
Because even if they had 4 players they still couldn’t throw a ball.
A Scotsman is at a festival, and he comes dressed in his best kilt (worn properly, of course). As the festival proceeds, the Scot starts to get very drunk, and so he sits under a tree with his beer mug and falls asleep. A couple of "pretty lasses" walk by and see the Scot passed out under the tree. "What   you think he has under his kilt?" one of them asks the other. "I don't know!" she says. "Do you think maybe we should have ourselves a look?" The lassies observe that the Scot is completely unconscious. They decide to hazard a glance, so they lift up the man's kilt and have a glance. The ladies are quite pleased with what they see. "We ought to leave him a little something as token of our appreciation," the first girl says. The second agrees, and untying one of the blue ribbons from her braids, decorates his member with a bow. Several hours later the man wakes up, and he shambles to the bathroom for a piss. Lifting the front of his kilt he says, "Ach! Wee lad, I don't know where you've been, but it seems you've won a prize!"
Want to go camping?
One.
Apparently half of London
To get to the other side.
None. Once the bulb goes out, they replace the house.
SHE FELL, DAMNIT! God! What is with all the fucking questions?
A pouch potato!!
The Cowboys stadium, the only place there'll never be a touchdown
You only need one nail to hang a picture of Jesus.
I can sleep with a light on.
Because he is a fucking liar!
It wasn't going over too well.
The wheelchair
Little seizures
He got crêped out.
Watching them break down on the witness stand.
Because it had too many threads.
Never mind, it's pointless.
Hi, Ladies!
They go back and re-herse.
About 8 pints.
A Stephen Fry-up.
Tie a piece of bread to the roof..
Because 7 was a serial rapist.
A BIPOLAR BEAR
After ten years your job still sucks
A stick.
They don't. They just beat the room for being black.
All day long they're talking about "buck, buck, big cock!"
... Kermit's finger
Because a tuna can!
You'd turn red too if you had to change in the street.
If this isn't the right place for this, kindly redirect me.
....He broke his nose
A Meowntain
She needs the other to moan.
kick his sister in the jaw
Got Ham?
You whore. 
Very satisfying.
"BAAAHH RAIN!"
The wheelchair.
Because he would always drop the bass
He got caught on the internet, looking up chicks.
A pilot you fucking racist!
A mute.  Sorry if repost. 
Bring 'em on! Post em all here.
No really. Only paid a couple of bucks.
He knows a lot about black holes
Once you've heard Juan you've heard Jamal
There once was a fellow from Kent, Whose cock was so long that it bent. To save him some trouble, He'd put it in double. And instead of coming, he went.
Eclipse it.
Girls don't laugh at the 3 Stooges
An elephant sitting on your fence masturbating.  
An algae bra.
They will tell you.
Wok it off! Wok it off!
Seven.

Someone else's pants on.  My grandfathers favorite joke.
Neither did she.
Cos they'll always hook a brutha up
The only tool it used was a flapjack.
He blew him off. 
Apparently he was "too cool for school".
Because Marx said "You have nothing to lose but your chains."
Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
So you'll have a sucker when they rob you. Eh, someone will like it.
There was this girl from Boston, Mass.  She wade into the sea and wet her ankles,  it doesn't rhyme now,  but just wait until the tide comes in  
There once was a fellow named Blair  Who was having his girl on the stair On the 44th stroke The banister broke So he finished her off in the air. 
You'd run away too if your name was Mweauuuuuaoooeeo
The wheelchair.
He was a Tad-Pole
B
I smell carrots too.
With dental floss.
Jewbacca
Well, Mister Bigger's  baby's a just little bigger.
For fingering A Minor
You can beat a drum.  And you can beat a woman. But you can't beat a blowjob.  
GRAAAIIINNNSSS!!!!
....nevermind its too cheesy
On the Breast of a woman named Gale was tattooed the price of her tail and on her behind for the sake of the blind was the same information in braile.
He had 4 sacks. 
Having to sit in the back of the oven.
Yoghurt has culture 
A dead baby sitting next to a kid with down syndrome.
A Dell.
It was soda pressing. 
Why don't schools in the south teach Driver's Ed and Sex Ed on same day? Too hard on the mule.
They got away from the scene without a tres.
CAPS LOCK
You mean you don't know?!
The cop
Oh, wait. That's a hardware problem. 
You only learn to appreciate them when they go down on you for the first time.
heres a hint, join the two words and put a jew in there
Its Juan vs. Juan
He always beats her to the punchline.
Matt.
A mosquito stops sucking after it's slapped
Gopher gold.
The Captain's Log.
Paddy O'Furniture.
Juan on Juan
Yes, for sizzles. Edit: Snoop Lion
The black guy doesn't give a shit
Who farted?
With a pair of Caesars!
Oy Vey!
It was the Tequila Mockingbird.
Qui-Gon Gin
Algorithm.
His hand was bigger than his face.
Feyoncè
A buccaneer!
Telling your parents that you're gay.
The First grade! 
An Amish mechanic.  A favorite from Robin Williams
A cawcus
You 'WOOOO' him!
The satchel charge.
They better hope it's not the Asian.

It's the wurst!
You don't.
Their, they're, there. You'll be all right.
You stay here, I'll go on a head!
You, knead me.
Pick it up and suck its dick.
You know you shouldn't, but sooner or later you're gonna give it a lick.
Have you tired pulling apart a grilled cheese sandwhich.
The overheads were too high.
Candice who?? Candice dick fit in your mouth??
Whatever you want.
Even with butter, children still do not like it.
To get to the other side.
It's like a metaphor.
A homosexual.
A receding hareline.
He doesn't want anyone to know he's fucking a chicken.
A rip off.
Getting money and dicks out of their minds. 
The pizza can feed a family of four
Your mums cunt lol
Their pacifists
Because he was tired of working with assholes all day
Douse it with petrol and toss a lit match. WOOF!
A pedophile.
Baraaaaaak Obama
At the BP station. (thanks grandma)
Because he promised change.
Marry it
Two of my favorites are:
There's only one you can unload with a pitchfork. Edit: Who said something about dead babies?
CNN shows the missiles taking off and Al-Jazeera shows them landing. (Not mine, just heard it on the Jimmy Dore show) also "My favorite indie band is palestinian.  I think they're really going to blow up."
Split the bill.
Because his dick was stuck in the chicken.
It's the only place they can call someone "father".
(A)..... The rooster clucks defiance.
The last black person that had a dream got shot!
A RUBBER BAND.
She puts in in the microwave.
Because they steal, shoot, and run!
Grade 1.
RAPE
Def Leopard!
Because the head had to be empty in order to build a restaurant.
There's none. They both have big hearts but a short reach.
because they deserve them
Her scar pupil.
A hippopottymouth
The baby starts picking cotton off her tampons. (aaannnd i'll see myself out)
So woman know what it's like to live with an irritating cunt!
Because it's worth it.
Christopher Reeve
They each got six months
When you slap a mosquito it stops sucking!
I need a good, clean, short joke about a mammal.  I know this is an odd request, but maybe some of you will enjoy the challenge, or maybe you have some good ones you're just waiting to share. Let me have em.
It was 
Because they taste funny.
Connect the dots. (I'll see my self out.)
He heard the ref was blowing fouls.
A physicist is atoms studying themselves, while a biologist is cells that study themselves.
Its been renamed to The View, however...
Unlawful is against the law, whereas illegal is a sick bird. Note: This obviously works better when told than read.
Cause she was too big for B- shells! (my 6 year old niece likes to tell this joke)
Just Juan. 
She was on her pyramid. Stolen from Whose Line Is It Anyway.
"Row, Row, Row Your Boat..."
Santa Claus goes down the chimney. 
Outlaws are wanted. 
A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again!
fish.
In Fidel.
A man.
It was taken into custardy.
First get her out of the chair
She had no arms! Why didnt jillian get back up? She had no legs! Knock knock! Whos there? Sure as hell not jillian :)
Worthless
When his dick tastes like shit
The  -er elves.
Militia Etheridge
Because no one will look for them.
Because red means stop ;D
Their last big hit was the wall.
The wall behind him.
If it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
People in Dubai don't watch the Flinstones, but people in Abu Dhabi do.
To get to the other side.
errr mer GERD
Nothing, it just waved.
..... a father in law.
A horse made by committee.
It's a shelter for lightly battered women.
She has the cleanest teeth I've ever come across. 
A tree has limbs.
Nothing, she's already been told twice.
One is a pharmacist and one is a drug dealer!
Beef strokin' off.

Having  crabs on yer organ!
A quarter-pounder with cheese.
A man wears a suit and the dog, pants. 
TVs are getting heavier.
Pre-nup brittle.
I don't want my friends knowing I use Google+.
The cow didn't make it.
IHOP
Well urine luck.
The black person.
A hypochondriac
Surreal.
The smell. 
Dinner for 4.
Me neither. He couldn't open his presents. 
Mini-mom wage.
He liked to eat, drink, and be Mary.
Acme doesn't come on to your  face until after 13.
rofl
Pull up your pants, I can see your vagina. Bahahahahahahahahahaha.
He ate the pizza before it was cool.
Do you come here often?
They're called dykies....... The main selling points for them is: * They've got an extra long tongue. * you need to use 3 fingers to get 'em off.
Choosing a career in which your job is to make people straight again.
Thank you for coming!
Virgin Mobile 
It's not hard
A carrot.
If it had 4 doors it would be a sedan.
Of course he does!  He has a ball!
So the dishwasher can match the refrigerator and stove
He was always afraid he was following someone.
roll up her sleeve
For fingering A minor.
Dr. Dre!
Can I push your stool in?
Little seizures. 
A fsh.
Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches. 
Rubbit.
One's a fruit, you idiot.
"I made you breakfast in bed!"
Assault.
"Keep the tip"
Neither did he.
Because the see weed.
First they are all wild and wet, then they take your house.
To make a difference.
A policeman passes a parking lot around midnight and notices a couple in a parked car. He stops to investigate and sees a man in the driver's seat and a young lady in the backseat, quietly reading a magazine. The officer knocks on the window and asks whats going on. "Listening to music," the guy says. Pointing toward the lady in the backseat, the officer asks, "And what's she doing?" "Reading a magazine, of course." "How old are you?" asks the officer. "I'm 28." "And how old is she?" The guy looks at his watch and says, "Well in 11 minutes she'll be 18."
There was a group of women gathered at a seminar on how to live in a loving relationship with your husband.  The women were asked, ‘How many of you love your husbands?’  All the women raised their hands.  Then they were asked, ‘When was the last time you told your husband you loved him?’  Some women answered today, some yesterday, some didn’t remember.  The women were then told to take their cell phones and send the following text: "I love you, sweetheart."  Then the women were told to exchange phones and read the responding text messages.  Here are some of the replies:  1. Who is this ???  2. Ah, mother of my children, are you sick ?  3. I love you too !!  4. What now ? Did you crash the car again ?  5. I don’t understand what you mean ?  6. What did you do now? I won’t forgive you this time !  7. ?!?  8. Don’t beat about the bush, just tell me how much you need?  9. Am I dreaming?  10. If you don’t tell me who this message is actually for, someone will die.  11. I asked you not to drink anymore. I’ll leave if you are tired of me !
Some guy sitting up all night wondering if there really is a dog
Ten tickles
A drunk Irishman.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary?
You can't.
From the block.
A sock puppy.
He was trying to bust a move
What did the Nazi Police Officer Give to the Schoolchildren? SWAT Sticka's!
I'll hang around here, you go on a head.
Run over an Italian.
A polish bowling ball.
R2 Detour.
spit, sallow, and gargle.
The wheelchair. 
Dr. Dre
Welcome to McDonalds. May I take your order?
A dildon't
Tenish.
You osculate its tit a lot!
Cause 7 is a six offender
Scraping them back off
A school application.
Falconers have to be more talon-ted
Bison.
A boneless, skinless chicken!
He fainted.
Patty O'Furniture
Because its very complementary!
It would be a real pain in the ass 
It's usually a Nguyen/Nguyen.
Banal.
He did too much coding.
The attorney charges more.
'CAUSE THERE'S TOO MANY CHEETAHS!!!
Dress her up as an altar boy.
His girlfriend had a yeast infection 
You put a little boogie in it.
Patio Furniture
Trick question. Protesters never change anything. 
Take the S out of safe and the F out of way..
Dam!
A lickalotopuss.
He starved to death.
Concentrate on golf—fuck everything else. 
Irish pride 
you can keep the tip.
None
Lil seizure
A St. Patrick's Day parade!
None.  Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!
(A)..... The Interpreter.
Hebrews it. -- How does a Jew make beer? --Hebrews Hops
A 35 year woman takes a lover home during the day while her husband is at work in London. Her 9-year old son comes home unexpectedly, sees them and hides in the bed room closet to watch. The woman’s husband also comes home at the same time. She puts her lover in the closet, not realizing that the little boy is in there already. The little boy says, “John in here.” The man says, “Yes, it is” Boy ” I have a baseball.” Man “That’s nice” Boy “Want to buy it?” Man “No, thanks” Boy “My dad/s outside…” Man “O.K. – How much?” Boy “$250? In a few weeks, it happens again that the boy and the lover are in the closet together because woman’s husband also came home at the same time. Boy “John in here” Man “ Yes, it is.” Boy “I have a baseball glove” The lover, remembering the last time, asks the boy, “How much?” Boy “$750? Man “Sold!” A few days later the father says to the boy, “Grab your glove, let’s go outside and play a game of catch.The boy says, “I can’t, I sold my baseball and my glove.” The father asks, “How much did you sell them for?” Boy ” $ 1,000? The father says, “That’s terrible to overcharge your friends like that… that is way more than those two things cost. I’m going to take you to church and make you confess.” They go to the church and the father makes the little boy sit in the confession booth and he closes the door. The boy says, “John in here”. The priest says, “Don’t start that shit again, you’re in my closet now.”
You don't know?
A tahini bit.
He gets taller.
BECAUSE IT OVERSWEPT.
There is no sound...  The P is silent.
He was a"salted" 
"Water Jew doing?"
AN IMPASTA.
Don't know, don't care.
Yours.
Because if it lived by the bay, it would be called a Bagel.
The Headlines in the paper read "Small medium at large"
It was pissed off.
The taste changes the closer you get to the butt.
Presence.
I'm pretty sure the joke was horrible (quality), but I've been trying to put it together in my head for a while now and it's just eating at me. Also, I have a feeling that someone made this joke a bit more tame by replacing something risque with "Green Reptar" (or it might have been "Purple Reptar"). The joke involves a kid at school who sees "Green Reptar" written on a dumpster. He asks his teacher about it during class, the teacher sends him to the principle's office. When the principal asks why he's there, he says something along the lines of "Because I said 'Green Reptar'", and after one or two more events of the same thing happening, he somehow goes to jail. I don't remember any more than that. TL;DR: I can't remember a joke, and I'm pretty sure it's not funny, but I'd like to hear it again anyway.
Because 7 was a registered six offender.
Any kind you want, there's twenty of them.
Christian Bail.
Banana Nut Crunch.
In case they get a hole in one!
With her vibrator
They are both fucking close to water!
Because money doesnt grow on trees
All that was left was de brie.
Toad stools
Nothing. They are both stucked up c**ts. Edit: I understand this is probably a re-post joke but I thought it was 
His dick tastes like shit.
Hung
the wheel chair.
There were Poles on the right half of the plane.
He didn't either.
The cucumbers in Elton John's fridge.
They both always start with tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk...
K
One has hope in her soul, the other has soap in her hole.
At launch time.
You ever deal with a sunburned asshole?
1 and 12 people to say how inspiring it was
Well we're having it tonight. It's   for dinner!
3/5
To get to the same side.
you call him a little slow
It wooden go.
Your mom can't take a joke.
It means fucking nothing.
A hockey player showers after three periods.
Cause they're dead.
soldier
Because the parrots eat them all
Because the cardinals like to be in something, that isn't eighteen yet.
One's a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean. 
You take ordinary water and boil the hell out of it. 
That's not funny.
I'm not Willie Nelson...
I heard it has a good trailer.
"can't complain"
A bison-tennial.
What is the difference between Memory and RAM? I can't Memory my junk in a girl's butt.
Because he kept getting nailed to the boards
BOOBIES!
It was two-tired.
"TWO CAAAAAAAAAAAAANES!"
Very, very hungry.
They use a Milwaukee-Talkie
Because water fountains were designed for humans! HEYOOOOOOO
Burger King didn't cover his whopper.

Society.
They were too sacrifishal
They're both fucking close to water.
Where you left them.
Cause niggas be trippin
Ugly sheep.
See you next period.
Their Punch. 
Because it doesn't have a Seoul! 
Get off of me dad, you're crushing my Pall Malls!
GO -  VAH -  KYUUM!!!
Because only A's are acceptable. Heard this from a friend.
Sorry, I was just laid by a hot chick....it's going to take me a while to get hard again.
Full.
Because I'm 9 and 3/4.
Throw your laundry in with them.
Its butt!
Because they're afraid of Dicks!
Paan ten.
Feminem.
Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
Their rocket kept Stalin!
He was charged with assault and battery.
Beef stroganoff!
Pumpkin pie!
Comet books.
There were two Canadians and an American. They put letters in a hat and drew. They got "C-eh", "N-eh", "D-eh". The American didn't know what was going on, but he relayed the message.  I know i need to work on my execution.
A crow with a machine gun.
They like the part where the hooker gives the money back. 
The wedding was dull, but the reception was great.
Because you don't wanna sinc!
With a crowbar.
Because 7, 10, 11.
One's poppin' caps, and the other's cap'n pops!
Because they're ugly and they stink.
A ransom note.
It doesn't just happen the once. 
A very worn-out thuper hero. (An excerpt from Brother Time and the Turtle: More Excuses for Jokes:  )
His pants fit like a glove!
He came out of nowhere.
Hebrews it
to see the butterFLY!
People Eating Tasty Animals
When it's ajar. 
You fuck her. 
He felt the slack in his dog's leash.
About a week or so
They are still there.
Because one egg is 
Old.
The light was on.
Because no one wants to hold an erection. 
Turns out they cantaloupe.
Polled pork.
He only comes once a year, and its own the chimney.
Nobody knows. LA cops just beat the shit out of the room for being black in the first place.
I have a flesh-eating disease, and it's slowly killing me.
Sparky.
Well-Armed
Rape.
"No thanks, I'm stuffed."
To commit suicide.
Shaken. Not stirred 
Very Caerphilly.
Hardware breaks if you  maintain it. 
She should have a pretty good resumè though. She had a job as a mother once and killed it!
None, because ice cream doesn't have bones.
He was a melon-cauliflower. 
He was dyslexic.
Three, one to hold the giraffe, and one to put the clocks in the bath tub.
They both can't ride a bicycle!
Because he told everyone to march fourth.
Nothing, it just let out a little wine!
A nun with a spear through her head.
A Freudian slip is when someone says one thing when thinking of amother.
PayPal 
Wonton-amo Bay
Nothing, because either way, someone is losing their trailer.
You have to get through a lot of fluid to find the perfect stroke.
One's a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean

L'eggo my n'egro.
Because we killed the only one that had a dream
The rest of the world has varying degrees of communism.
A tromboner.
They're both Black and Decker.
"How’s the chemotherapy going?”
A freezer doesn't fart when you pull meat out of it.
A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
Yolo Swaggins
A man is traveling by train to visit a relative and is being lulled to sleep by the clickety-clack of the wheels on the track when suddenly there is a a screeching of twisted metal and the sound of smashed glass followed by clickety-clack again.  He is wondering what happened when the ticket inspector comes by.  "Tickets please" says the inspector and the man hands him his ticket and asks: "What happened? We were riding along smoothly when suddenly there was a screeching of twisted metal and the sound of smashed glass followed by clickety-clack." "Ahh" said the inspector, "We ran over a black man" "Ran over a black man! But why so much noise?" asked the passenger "Well, he was on the platform but we still got him"
Cause you're a jerk!
Tuna Fey.
So the sheep will push back. 
Because they have no attachments. 
Justin Timberpuddle!
Tulips on an organ.  Edit: accidentally a letter. 
a spaghetto.
Not many people know this, but zebras aren’t actually born with stripes. There is actually an entire industry of people called “zebra painters” who go around painting black stripes on zebras. This is done so zebras aren’t confused with albino donkeys.
A retarded gorilla.
Cooperstown is where Baseball wasn't invented and Woodstock is where the festival didn't happen.
It was in her whoremoans.
A 16 year old boy outside the Fuck-For-A-Buck shop with only 99 cents.
He was a Die Hard fan. 
Hot cross bunnies.
She gagged
Partly cloudy with Sonny around a tree.
quiet the opposite.
He's a small medium at large.
Lantis. I can't believe nobody has thought to look there yet.
How you bean doing.
Meat.
Coming out of the cupboard. 
His job. 
Trick question. They just beat the room for being black.
Very satisfying. Retweaked joke: How does a (insert nationality here) find a sheep in the tall grass? Very (insert extremely lustful emotion here)!
How could someone stoop so low?
Glad-'e-ate-'er
They already thought you were burnt
Popeye beat the shit out of him.

First person shooter.
Chirpies. :-)
...Fuck
He was too far out man.
He was a little down. 
Hobbitat for Humanity
Because he thinks it doesn't matter if you make it or not
One...but it takes him 27 tries
Because he was scared of vacuums!
A peeano.

It takes forever to get in, and nine months later you wish you hadn't come.
One has hope in her soul...
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO LOOOOOOONG JOHNSON!!!!
One Joke One Vision.
A dictator.
You stay here, I'll go on a head
A bike because a vest has no sleeves.
Actually, there is a vas deferens between the two genders.
Quatro cinqo. EDIT: Yeah, I take French, not Spanish. :)
When I drop a load in the washing machine it doesn't follow me around for a week.
There are too many cheetahs.  Courtesy of the St. Louis Zoo Facebook page.
Nah this joke just goes on forever                   -------------------
You'll find it between Shit and Syphilis in the dictionary.
A spectator.
Dress her up as an altar boy.
LIESTRONG bracelets.
Aleve.
One is a master debater. The other is a masterbater.
Good point
Neither has he.
Nevermind; it's actually a really obscure number you've probably never heard of it.
One that will humpback!
Kick his sister in the jaw.
Ex-Benedict.   
Wit jam in? 
Gynecolleges.
Nothing, you've already told her twice.
He always gets DEC 25 and OCT 31 confused.
... because he was in the middle of 9-11! Better phrasing recommendations appreciated :-)
Because Paracetamol on fire.
They both get laid by Mexicans.
Taylor Swifts boyfriend
They both know how to throw a good hoe down. 
The Rolling Stones.
One is white, plastic, and dangerous for your kids to play with and the other holds your groceries
I don't usually fuck a sandwich before I eat it.
What did the termite say to the chair? .... It was nice knawing you. 
Haha, now we   have AIDS
"Robin, get in the car."
It only takes one nail to hang the picture....
Because he kneads the dough.
It's called Cry Me A Reeva
They both like to crack open a cold one.
One morning the whole family were having breakfast in the kitchen and little Timmy goes to his dad who was watching the morning news on T.V. And asks: Dad? I don't get all this politics stuff... can you explain it to me? The dad completely taken by surprise by the question answer the following: You see me boy, let me simplify it for you.  I, because I am the head of the family and Bring the money into the house, I am the president of the house... Your mom, because she manages all the money in the house, she is the government of the house... Our maid, because she does work for us around the house and we pay her, she is the working class... You, because you are what your mom and I struggle for, you represent the people... And your little baby brother, he is our future... Little Timmy answers: Yeah dad, I think I understand now... That night Timmy wakes up because he heard his brother crying in the next room because he had his diaper full... He notices that and Goes to his parents room, where there was only his mother, he tries to wake her up, but she ignores him, and so because his dad was nowhere to be found he goes to the maids room, where he sees his dad screwing the maid, so he goes back to his moms room and tries to wake her up again, and she still ignored him... So what could he do except go back to his room and try to fall asleep with all the crying in the next room... Next morning, same deal, except Timmy didn't sleep at all... He goes to his dad and says: DAD! I think I understand this whole politics thing now... Wanna hear? Dad goes "SURE!!!" So the people of the country are trying their best to sleep soundly at night and to alarm the government of the fact that the President is screwing the working class, But the government ignores this deal and continues to sleep like a log, and it's now that I realize that our future is full of shit!
Because he's a transparent.  Apologies if I could've worded it different.
Bullets For My Valentine
A hockey player showers after 3 periods.
They're usually only interest in you if you already have one.
Beef strokinoff
He used an eyepatch
Decaffeinated
Avocado pickers
A woman has just given birth and the doctor walks in. He says: 'Which do you want first, bad news or good news?' The woman says: 'bad news' So the doctor says: 'bad news is, your son was born disabled, good news is he died' the woman cried
Kermit's fingers.
He was a master of blocking attacks.
If you were forced to have either as a child you are unlikely to enjoy it as an adult.
Same middle name.
A stick. My combo joke: What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A stick. 
The police officer
Pirates (pronounced like pilates)
Just got off the phone with a friend who lives in Northern tip of Connecticut. He said that since early this morning the snow has been nearly waist high and is still falling. The temperature is dropping way below zero and the North wind is increasing to near gale force. His wife has done nothing but look through the kitchen window and just stare. He says that if it gets much worse, he may have to let her in.
Wow, white folks are pretty smart. They run sitting down. 
When the train announces an arriving "Station", you can see it.
Shiver me lumbars.
pa-jammins
Burr-ito!
Because it's worth it
A man absolutely hated his wife’s cat and decided to get rid of him one day by driving him 20 blocks from his home and leaving him at the park. As he was getting home, the cat was walking up the driveway. The next day he decided to drive the cat 40 blocks away. He put the beast out and headed home. Driving back up his driveway, there was the cat! He kept taking the cat further and further and the cat would always beat him home. At last he decided to drive a few miles away, turn right, then left, past the bridge, then right again and another right until he reached what he thought was a safe distance from his home and left the cat there. Hours later the man calls home to his wife: “Jen, is the cat there?” “Yes”, the wife answers, “why do you ask?” Frustrated, the man answered, “Put that cat on the phone, I’m lost and need directions!”
Super Science.
From an old family friend.
A little girl, when asked her name, would reply, "I'm Mr.  Sugarbrown's daughter." Her mother told her this was wrong, she must say,"I'm Janey Sugarbrown." The Vicar spoke to her in Sunday School, and said,"Aren't you Mr.  Sugarbrown's daughter?" With her mother standing just a few feet away, the little girl replied, "I thought I was, but Mommy says I'm not."
Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? 
Junk mail.  (Credit to one if my FB friends)
They can smell it, but they can't eat it.
Boobies
moo-lan
You would run away too if you name was "MMMMMMMMMUUUUUUAAAAAAHHHHHHH."
it was too tired!
A nissan 
Because 122, 123, 124!
To get to the other side... err, no it was to pick up the laundry... nope, to get groceries? I forget. 
Their last biggest hit was The Wall
Bean Dip
Because it's a Nietzsche Market.
Swisconsin.
The Ultrasound guy.
Yours
Bi-son
"no,  son"... "oh I guess I shit myself then"
Yes...but you've probably never heard it before.
He felt his presents.
'cause if it had four doors it'd be a chicken sedan
The sex is the same, but the dishes are piling up.
It was counter-inuitive.
One; changing a light bulb is a fairly simple task which usually doesn't require assistance.
16 One to screw it in and 15 others to stand around and talk shit about how bad the one person did.
NASCOW
..nobody gave a shirt. 
A Roamin Catholic!
Lukewarm.
It could be your car
Man walking in a park, sees a woman sitting on a bench with a dog at her feet.  He walks up to her... Man:   Woman:   Man goes and pets the dog, then...   Woman: 
Ate something
Food's on me tonight.
Yeah, they're kinda pointless now. 
OMg
It's making head lines!
A Cruci-fixie.
The D is silent.
Ilene. What if she is Chinese? Irene.
Want to hear a joke about Alzheimer's? 
Why can't a hand be 12 inches long? BECAUSE THEN IT WOULD BE A FOOT!
Pandatory. Stupid, I know.
Her new phone came with a little packet in the box that said, "Do not eat."
Wipes away the pepper spray and 25 to life.
Personality.
It seats 20.
3 periods 2 pads.
A Moshe Pit
During scrabble.  Because it's worth a shitload of points. - Zach Galifianakis
A dictator. 
Eucalyptus.
Dung.
He had lost a deer friend
A Boston lager. . . . . . I made this up yesterday in the car.
Chicken Butt. 
Thesaurus. 
When your hand goes to sleep while you're masturbating.
Cornography
In the ICU
Because it scares the fuck out of the dogs.
They don't have the right koalfications!
Consuelo! My mother told me this one
A wiki-wiki-wi-wi-wi-kipedia
Because they threw the bass player under the bus.
Because, if you can't 'helium' or 'curium', you 'BARIUM'!
The Czech's in the mail.
A
"Washer? I don't even know 'er!"
A seatbelt.
To boldly split infinitives!
Get him Catstrated
Neither has he!
Symmetree.
Nothing.
A crowbar.

He was afraid they wouldn't be taken on their merits, that they'd just be seen as Tolkien blacks.
He farts.
A Neckromancer
"Is it mine"?
Horny.
Two! One to hold the bulb, the other to hold the cock, uh, penis, I mean, uh, ladder. 
Farmer Joe decided his injuries from his recent accident were serious enough to take the trucking company, responsible for the accident, to court.  In court, the trucking company's fancy lawyer was questioning Farmer Joe. "Didn't you say, at the scene of the accident, that you were fine?" ''Well, I'll tell you what happened. I had just loaded my favorite mule Bessie into the--" ''I didn't ask for any details,'' the lawyer interrupted.  ''Just answer the question.  Did you not say, at the scene of the accident, that you were fine?"  ''Well I had just got Bessie into the trailer and was driving down the road--''  ''Judge, I am trying to establish the fact that, at the scene of the accident, this man told the Highway Patrolman on the scene that he was just fine.  Now several weeks after the accident, he is trying to sue my client.  I believe he is a fraud.  Please tell him to simply answer the question.''  By this time the Judge was fairly interested in Farmer Joe's answer and told the lawyer so. ''Well," said the farmer, "as I was saying, I had just loaded my favorite mule Bessie into the trailer and was driving her down the highway when this huge semi-truck and trailer ran the stop sign and smacked my truck right in the side.  I was thrown into one ditch and Bessie was thrown into the other.  I was hurting real bad and didn't want to move.  But could hear Bessie moaning and groaning and I knew she was in terrible shape just by her groans.  Shortly after the accident, a Highway Patrolman came on the scene.  He could hear Bessie moaning and groaning so he went over to her.  After he looked at her, he took out his gun and shot her between the eyes.  Then the Patrolman came across the road with his gun in his hand and looked at me.  He said, “Your mule was in such bad shape I had to shoot her.  How are you feeling?"
Because he saw his gas bill
When he eats his first brownie!
"Look, a herd of elephants in the distance!"
a rip off.
Nostrildamus
I don't know, and I don't care!
A hot cross bun.
GG.
One shucks while he fits and the other one....
...because he was always Stalin.
A man frantically calls 911 stating "my wife is pregnant, her water broke and her contractions are about one minute apart!" The 911 operator asks "is this her first child?" "No, you fucking idiot", the man angrily responds "this is her fucking husband!"
A carrot!
One was assulated, the other was shelled. 
Because every time you kiss, they'll try to shove their fist up your ass.
You have a Dell, rolling in the deep.
My sex life! Excuse me while I cry now..
Carpal Tunnel...
In tips.
A Redditor is a living breathing human being, and a Calender is an inanimate object.
Tell him there's something on its chest
They write an o-bitch-uary
I'm font of you.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the gay strip club Knock! Knock!   The chicken.
....another one popes up.
Dam
He was lucky it was a soft drink. 
I need some arrrrrrrrrrrgua!
the hotdogs taste like shit
One U.S. Liter
Come back essay!
Put it in water
Nevermind. It's too cheesy.
Hallmark.  God cares enough to send the very best.
Because they fall through his hands.
I, Mac.
Find out next time, on Dragonball Z!
A calendar has a date on Valentine's day.
"Keep the tip!"
Dubai doesn't like the Flinstones but Abu Dhabi do
Carpet burn
Can't complain.
Have you ever blown a Transformer?
Oh don't worry,  .
A. Blowjob: You can beat your meat, eggs or wife, but you can't beat a blowjob.
Because its a band substance
Don't cross me.
European 
Burned them on a cars tailpipe when he tried blowing it up.
Hella copters
So they can see the old French navy.
He said, "For all the good these are doing me, I may as well shove 'em up my ass!"
Triskaidekaphobia.
Don't use child labor.
A booby trap
He got a little too close to the edge.
Stop using Chex as a weapon!
Two cannibals giving each other blowjobs.
My circuit breaker be trippin and my joint wouldn't solder...
They've both put their faith in the cloud.
The 15 minutes of silence.
The Taxi Dermist.
Answer: The Pope!
Because they make up an awful lot of stuff. EDIT: Because I forgot about neutrinos.
Because you can't have mass without him
Slow dance.
His job.
Kick the altar boy in the chin.
You nook at its crannies.

I'm canadian and i was just wondering
No, no you didn't.
A fifth. 

gets jalapeño buisness.
Goose bumps.
Dr. Dre
does anyone know of any good jokes about homeless people.?
Because those men already have boyfriends. 
Neither of them can finish a race
a pool table 
A firecracker!
If you leave joghurt alone for 200 years, it will grow a culture!
Simple, they just ask "ASL?"
cha ching
Lettuce Turnip The Beet
So that deaf people can enjoy them too!
two. one to screw in the bulb and and to hold the cock, LADDER!
Cold day in Hell yesterday. Tomorrow, zombies.
Lukewarm. 
A hematologist pricks fingers.
A boat-ique. ...I'll get my coat.
'What makes you think that Minnie Mouse is crazy?' the psychiatrist asks  Mickey Mouse. And Mickey replies: 'I didn't say that she is crazy. I said that she's fucking Goofy'
...because lions only understand .rars
You park, man.
He comes in a bottle. 
I do.
He wanted 2 hit singles
An iAndiPod. Just made that one up. I can hear the groans.
Because, they're so darn stupid!
Take away it's drivers license.
Because they're bitter.
Everyday I'm shufflin'. 
A Dell.
You put a little boogy in it!
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe? Roberto.
A little Down.
Because they don't know where home is.
Pho queue!
Depressed
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe? A Canoe tips.
Four different answers
Get off at the next stop!
Slow down and use more lube!
Big fat horse cock. 
He knew Nunavut was real.
Mrs. Pacman--for 25 cents that bitch swallowed balls till she died.
What do you call a Black Abortion clinic? Crime Stoppers. 
Cause it's always Jammin'
My hands.
Because the material is so groovy. 
They both moan when you nail them, but only one of them actually enjoys it.
N'Singh.
Boobies !!!                                                                                                                                               I'm sorry, I'll let myself out.
Because sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.
When she takes the tampon out and all of the cotton's gone
Because the meat was Chewy.
The bucket. 
I'm 17, can drive and have a source of income. I would really like to make this one good. 
a peeler of the community!
Blowjob. You can beat your meat, eggs, and wife; but you can’t beat a blowjob.
A cinemon
He worked it out with a pencil. 
"Fangs for nothing!"
Don't pay her
Bon'nichiwa
It's a really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
A brick
Ridley Scott. Thank you.
It's always right.
Could you warn the Byzantine empire that Leo VI is going to die next year and they should appreciate him while they can?
"no?"  Well that's the spirit! 
Because there's a clock on the stove.
Wanna get shit faced?!
They turn out the lights.
Niggaless Cage (My girlfriend came up with this today. We're not racist I swear. This just cracked me up.)
They're both battered.
Both teams suffered from blackouts 

A chilly dog.
Because there can only be Juan.
The mexican border.
He drank it before it was cool.
Anyone can roast beef.
Dead. 
He sipped his coffee before it was cool.
Well a joke that isn't funny, but still is because it isn't. If you know what I mean. These are kind of much easier to remember.
The D is silent.
big boned
Chicken Caesar salad.
European!
Because they're extinct. 
He took stEHreroids
Worked it out with a pencil.
So when he drove by people would say, "Hey, look at that S car go!"
Because it says "No Trespassing".
She was taking god's name in vein.
So they can run their fingers through their hair.
You!
Yes, Sir, what happened ? "I think my wife's dead". "What happened, Sir ?" "Well...she's lying in bed, cold and stiff as usual, but the dishes haven't been done in 3 days !"
"So long and thanks for all the fish." Edit: Everyone hates me.
Free Ham.
Wipe it off and apologize.
He ate a 10 year old wiener.
GO FUCK YOURSELF!
None. There are no light bulbs in the closet. Another one: Why is Justin Bieber so pale? Because there's no light inside the closet
One is a Goodyear, the other is a Great year!
Their prices can't be beat  Have you heard about their guitar sale? The prices are solo
Glue toast to the ceiling.
It's the only job where you have to stay late if you come early.
They only had 2 cars.
Sounds better than a Cunt Scrape
An 
Depends
A Dell.
They steal all the green cards.
Dress her up like a choir boy.
I can't jelly my cock in your ass
Cuz they got tired of Stalin.
A Pedophile 
Cross-country.
A catholic will say "hello" to you in the liquor store.
"Looks like I'm gonna have to read the trouble shooting section of the manual."
Full.
"Witherspoon?" "No, with a knife!" Only really works if you actually tell it to someone (and can maintain a good pokerface)
You marry her.
6:30... 
A currant pulled him under.
Fsh
I wouldn't let a creep sit on my lap.
A bananosecond
Ask yo momma. Sorry
All the girls put on their panties and go home.
PASTA
Start a war.
statue bro?
All the blood had rushed to his stomach.
Bitch please.
Jesus in a hurry.
Just ice
They herd
"I'll show myself out."
Pos-tits.
its a good thing screwed up by a period
Santa goes down the chimney.
Because they produced such a great prophet.
A Sharc-eatery
Need some good ones!
He couldn't take it in the end.
Whatever you want he still won't come.
A brown stick. Bonus: what's red and fluffy? Red fluff.
Tractor beams.
Three.  Two to complain about it and one to light an organic scented candle.
Also [these are not jokes made by him, he only comments on other peoples jokes] 1  Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience. 2  I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car. 3  I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness. 4  Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer. 5  Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car. 6  We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police. 7  Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship. 8  The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list. 9  Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak. 10  If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong. 11  Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich. 12  We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public. 13  War does not determine who is right - only who is left. 14  Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad. 15  Children: You spend the first 2 years of their life teaching them to walk and talk. Then you spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shut-up.
Chessturbation.
A Hun knee comb.
He drowned in his tea-pee. 
He drank his coffee before it was cool!
EDIT: ( ) did NOTHING WRONG. I meant to put the similarly named 
'elephino..
A louger.
He appealed. He  .
Have you ever tried to spread a grilled cheese?
Buried in the third page of google search results.
It was cheesy 
There are too many cheetahs. 
Because he always called shotgun
Beat it.
Curiosity killed his cat.
... she just couldn't control her pupils.
An ImPASTA!
Virgin Mobile!
Wagmans.
How many dragon Ball z characters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?  Only one, but it'll take at least 6 episodes!
a pilot you fucken racist!
He fainted after the punch line.
None, feminists can't change anything.
A BMW's pricks are on the inside!
Why was Epsilon afraid of Zeta?  Because Zeta Eta Theta!
Oh don't worry, they'll fucking tell you
It goes back four seconds.
JOHN LENIN
A four-chin teller
He woke up.
He used cowculus!
Whore-naments
A hush puppy.
Because they kept saying "Bach, bach, bach"
She worked it out with a pencil. 
IHOP.
They cantaloupe
Eric Clapton would never drop an ounce of Coke out of a window
Cousins.....
Well one of them is a cunning runt.
He pasta way :(
"Goebbles Goesbbles"
Kermit's finger.
Nah, that would be too long anyway.
Society
There's no telling.
A 4chan teller
A woman in her eighties made the evening news because she was getting married for the fourth time. The following day she was being interviewed by a local TV station, and the commentator asked about what it felt to be married again at that age and would she share part of her previous experiences, since it seem quite unique the fact that her new husband was a ‘funeral director.’ After a short time to think, a smile came to her face and she proudly explained that she had first married a banker when she was in her twenties, in her forties she married a circus ring master, and in her sixties she married a pastor and now in her eighties, a funeral director. The amazed commentator asked her why she had married men with such diverse careers. With a smile on her face she explained, ‘I married one for the money, two for the show, three to get ready, and four to go.’
He couldn't finish a race either. 
A pickpocket snatches watches...
I find it a tad one-sided.
Christopher Walken.
Because the farmer left the chicken hatch open
The ones with diabases. 
What do chickens say? Cock-a-doodle-doo What does a chicken in the bathroom say? Doodle-doodle-cock What does a gay chicken say? Any-cock'll-do
A small medium at large.
She had a frog in her throat.
Patty O'Furniture
In the main steam
Bloodbath&Beyond

sodium hypobromite
A four chin teller.
Everyone keeps offering to push your stool in
'Cause they're all scum.
Because it wasn't born yesterday.
The tarmac, you racist.
Cell shading.
I'm cumin! I'm cumin!
Give it ten tickles!
You can't 69 in binary.
It's a mix of two swear words; "SHIIIT" and "FAAARK"
Because he said he loves miso.
Pokemon
A job application.
Ask if her hair is an extensive property
A married man keeps telling his wife "honey, you have a beautiful butt", she asks her friends if she has a beautiful butt and they agree. Her husbands birthday is coming up so she decides to get a tattoo "Beautiful Butt" on her ass. The tattoo artist tells her "I can't fit that on your ass, it takes up too much space. But I tell you what, I'll put BB on each cheek for beautiful butt". She agrees. On the husbands birthday shes standing on top of the stairs wearing a robe. When he gets home, she says "look honey." She opens the robe and bends over and her husband yells "WHO THE FUCK IS BOB?".
The Patriots
Their pecker's on the wrong end. 
Because the stock broker!
Tulips on your organ.
Wanna go camping?
She wanted to buy an algae bra.
Virgin Mobile.
Velveetazane
Graaaiiinnss.
Because it's all about shooting and stealing.
Not really. There's a vas deferens between the two.
You'd think it would be floodlights, but in reality it was the Israelites!
What would you do for a Klondike Bar?
"I feel like a kid again"
A roamin' Catholic.
A stuttering South African tribesman. 
They both fly around Uranus and wipe out Klingons.
He was being SHELLFISH
Planet
Get in the car Robin
The smell.
A pool table.
A son comes up to his father on his 15th birthday and says "Dad, can I have a motorcycle?"  His dad says "Is your dick long enough to reach your butthole?"  The kid looks down ashamed and says "No." The next year on his birthday the kid comes up and asks the same question.  Once again, the dad replies with the same question.  The kid is a little bit closer this year, but once again has to say no. Two years pass and the son comes up to the father with a triumphant look in his eyes and says "Dad will you buy me a motorcycle?"  The day says "Is your dick long enough to reach your butthole?"  The kid feels so proud of himself when he can finally say "Yes, it is Dad!"  The father then says "Then go fuck yourself."
Nothing. It always fucking sucks.
Do you have 11 protons?  Because you're sodium fine...
Because their heads are so far from their bodies!
Don't worry, they'll tell you.
None, they just stand around and compliment it, and then get pissed when it won't screw
Calf Raises.
Well, a thief snatches watches...
Everybody wants to be Irish on St. Patrick's day.
The cancer evolves.
They both had curds in their whey. 
A week later they pretend they don't even know you.
A drizzley bear.
"Stay"
Just ice.
That's not funny!
A Humble Hindi Bundle.
Being up to your nuts in cider. 
The were only two donors. One came on the bus, the other missed the tube.
They were truly ruthless.
Its the only father they will ever know.
A nazi.
I'm the master of ceremony (as Elvis) for a Vegas-themed casino night. Thanks Reddit! 
Dr. Dre
Neither have they
Because Dec 25 is Oct 31 Edit: corrected because I'm a fucking tool
Wheres my tractor?
Amadeus on my dais.
He works it out with a pencil.
Finding an empty bottle in the trash.
They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons.
...To get to the same side
A sweatstop.
One going to see a Friend who had lain a considerable Time in the Marshalsea Prison, in a starving Condition, was persuading him, rather than lie there in that miserable Case, to go to Sea; which not agreeing with his high Spirit,  , replies the Prisoner,  via 
just cos.
ate something. 
Nothing, he just let out a little wine.
Pasts
Because he Neverlands! 
They were too constricting.
An Allahgator!
A mathematician and an engineer are living together in a dorm when a fire starts in their room. The mathematician wakes up and sees the fire. He quickly scans the room and sees a fire extinguisher and goes back to bed, happy knowing a solution exists. The engineer wakes up, sees the fire and uses the extinguisher to put it out.
Digging for booty.
Put it into the microwave until its Bill Withers.
Ginger snaps.
He fainted.
They don't.
Low hanging fruit.
A predditor. EDIT: 
A Trailer park has much more interesting drama and less than a third of those pesky white teeth.
Because the always hit the RIM!
A stand up driver.
a Meowtain
Neither did I, but should I allow the children out of my basement yet?
There was a face off in the corner.
She finds out her son is gay, but is dating a doctor.
Jesus doesn't have a bunch of Mexicans tattooed all over himself.
Put the bacon on sale for half-off.
They had way to many chinks in their armor. 
So, Lance, do you see the scrotum as half-full, or do you see the scrotum as half-empty?
Spent 10 years in the closet.
Because she wanted to see whats on the other side.
She takes off her glass eye
I don't know, Vigo and see. (best read in Yanosh's voice)
You can keep the tip.
He went in a tight end and came out a wide receiver.
He had a killer final draft. 
An 
50 cent featuring nickelback
Beer nuts are 50 cents but deer nuts are under a buck.
Because it wasn't Canon.
A row-tater.
Because it was outstanding in its field
Everywhere
"Hello. I'm from the head office and I'm here to help you" "Welcome. We're glad to have you"
for drinking and deriving
He drank coffee before it was cool
elephants 
Doesnt matter. PETA cant chqnge anything!
Shaken, not stirred.
a c-section.
Hang at home.
Why did the cross the road? To ge to the gay kids house. Knock knock. Who's there? The chicken.
They both only take one to ruin a neighborhood.
Because its not a cheetah.
He still comes home periodically.
he is a small medium, at large
...neither has he!
Too many Tannens.
Your so fly man
Apparently, he had a few scores to settle.
Teacher: You just did. 
Blizzard Entertainment.
A brunette with bad breath
You can't jelly a dick in your mouth.
A sub routine. 
Burger King forgot to wrap his whopper. 
They're the dog's bollocks!
Toulouse
She sings with the other hand. 
Toot-N-Cummin!
It's going to take me a minute to get hard, I was just laid by this chick.
You take the "S" out of sub, and the "F" out of way.  [Say it out loud]
Replace the laces with earphones.
Ground beef
2, one to hold the ladder and the other to screw the mother.. LIGHTBULB!
Tequila Mockingbird!
3 weeks of the blues, one week of rag-time
Me neither.
i dont know...try asking the suicide bombers
So, you are walking around in a forest and see a girl lying on the floor, half naked and clothes tattered. She is weeping heavily, and you can tell she has just been raped. What do you do? You check your map, because you have been walking in a circle.
He smashed his nose
Dr. Dre, of course. 
A prostitute can wash her crack and resell it.
Who cares! More bacon for me.
AU SHWITZ
Because he wanted a tight seal.
Because it was two tired.
A park bench can support a family of four.
It'll Dimsum.
I went for corny. 
What do you call someone who only gives back rubs to men? A massage-inist.

Notseafood
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the gay's man house knock knock you: who's there? the chicken.
Broom and a Dustpan. 
You get half way
you'll just have to be a little patient
Oh sheeeeeettttt!
Get off me, homes. 

At least you can leave your child alone with the babysit
Its Tricerabottom.
Just ice.
Stick a car windshield in front of her face.
Aim for the Juggler...
A start.
The CIA, the FBI, and the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) are all trying to prove that they are the best at apprehending criminals. The President decides to give them a test. He releases a rabbit into a forest and each of them has to catch it.  The CIA goes in. They place animal informants throughout the forest. They question all plant and mineral witnesses. After three months of extensive investigations, they conclude that rabbits do not exist.  The FBI goes in. After two weeks with no leads they burn the forest, killing everything in it, including the rabbit and they make no apologies. The rabbit had it coming. The LAPD goes in. They come out two hours later dragging a badly beaten bear. The bear is screaming, "Okay, okay! I'm a RABBIT!! I'm a RABBIT!!"
By spending a large fortune.
Dr. Dre
Neither can finish a race. 
Elrond's cupboard.
A bus full of niggers going over a cliff.
Going inside to ask for a coat hanger.
A young man went up to his father and asks "Can I have twenty bucks for a blow job?" His father says "I don't know. Are you any good?"
Im not saying she a slut but:   She's been boarded more times than Amtrak
Split pee soup.
Because 7 plowed 6 in the ass
they're just fucking immature assholes
He was too far out, man
How many elephants can you fit into a Matterbooboo? "What's a Matterbooboo?" Nothing Yogi. 
They give them gas.
A "coup d'isaster".
Gang rape.
Probably not. The P is silent.
Ouch, my nose!
Names.
Nothing they are both stuck up bitches. 
Because they're all a bunch of flakes

Great food no atmosphere.
He stayed up all night wondering if there really was a dog 
He jogs home after his vasectomy. . Fairly old, vasectomies may not be so bad any longer. 
He heard the snow blower was coming.
Just Juan. 
You know you can't but you really want to hit it. 
Because it will create pandamonium
European.
6 inches makes you day but 12 inches can make your hole weak.
An elephant with diarrhea. 
It's no big deal unless you aren't getting any. Heard on the radio.
A punchline would be funny here, Wooden Tit?
You jacket
It's eerie.
Because most men have big mouths and small cocks.
Because the last one who had a dream got shot!
You put them in a bowl way too big for it...and then beat repeatedly for 3 hours
Outlaws are wanted
The pilot, you racist!
It was rated rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
No, we sign it.
Because they are lazy and have small hands!
Because it scares the fuck out of the dogs.
Which bird symbolizes love? Swallow.
I don't have a mercedes in my garage!
Park your car in it man.
I'm doing some work for an organization and they requested some jokes about real estate.  So far, I'm having a really difficult time coming up with good jokes :(.  But my work said I'm allowed to ask Reddit for help.  So if anyone can help me out, that would be much appreciated!
NACHO CHEESE!
Got yer nose!
There are three ways; -put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool -a mirror at the bottom of a pool -or put a condom on the top of a flag pole 
Auschwitz.
A receding hare line!
Run like hell! She's got a grenade in her mouth!
The pussy only tastes like piss at the start.
because she lost the recipe.
That's NOT funny!
Because they make up everything...
denim denim denim
Burrrrberry
Their teacher told them not to use tables!
A white Christmas.
Two men waiting at the Pearly Gates strike up a conversation. ‘How'd you die?’  the first man asks the second.  ‘I froze to death,’ says the second.  ‘That's awful,’ says the first man. ‘How does it feel to freeze to death?’  ‘It's very uncomfortable at first’, says the second man. ‘You get the shakes,  and you get pains in all your fingers and toes. But eventually, it's a very calm  way to go. You get numb and you kind of drift off, as if you're sleeping. How  about you, how did you die?’ ‘I had a heart attack,’ says the first man.  ‘You  see, I knew my wife was cheating on me, so one day I showed up at home  unexpectedly. I ran up to the bedroom, and found her alone, knitting. I ran down  to the basement, but no one was hiding there, either. I ran up to the second  floor, but no one was hiding there either. I ran as fast as I could to the  attic, and just as I got there, I had a massive heart attack and died.’  The  second man shakes his head. ‘That's so ironic,’ he says. ‘What do you mean?’  asks the first man. ‘If you had only stopped to look in the freezer, we'd both  still be alive.’
A stick
An envelope.
using both hands
Yeah, I dig 'em.
The chair
Gobbledy gook.
I could see myself doing that.
A crowbar.
So it has happened twice in the last two days where my phone rings (both times calls from people I know), I pick it up and start to talk (thinking they called me) but after 30 seconds of talking we both give the "so why did you call me" only to find out both of our phones were ringing from each others numbers. So how is this happening? is there a website that I dont know about that double spoofs at the same time? reddit I ask for your help...
It was over  pacity.
Anyone can roast beef.
kielbasa (said with an italian accent)
Because they were being "brewed"
His condom fitted like a glove.
Don't do anything until I get back
The woman!
"tardy"
Spicks and specks. (google it)
He got the sack.
A casket
D'EAU!
NEIN NEIN NEIN!
HIV.
When someone told her that it's a complication she replied, "No it's not. It simplifies my life." "How so?" she was asked. "Simple" she replied, "When dinner's ready I just call Anthony and all of them come." "But what do you do if you want to call the attention of one in particular?" "I call him by his last name."
Her pussy.
So he can fit into his spaceship.
Low-hanging fruit
Sssshhhhhh
Alzheimer, grandma, Alzheimer...
The new girl in the women's refuge.
You can't jelly a dick up a butt. 
because he had malaria
They lost 500 souls!
A ginger bread man. 
Don't worry, they'll fucking tell you.
They can't stand a Nickleback!
Seven.  Six to carry the casket and one to drag the body
Christianity.
He used Apple Maps.
Denim denim denim. 
French War Heroes.
The ford car.
The nun has hope in her soul...
I love you too, fellas.
The kind that has multi ply's.
Your family has impeccable taste.
The porcupine has the pricks on the outside. 
One less drunk guy.
A Fsh.
It swept with his girlfriend :P
Kick his sister in the jaw.            
Because they can!
It already did, it's called "The Hobbit".
They love to swim in gold coins.
It becomes Daytrogen
In a city effort to improve public transportation.
Morris Marina. badump-pshhh
Because his friend asked him when he thought they should cross.
Nothing.
Of course you haven't.
WILL.I.WAS
faint
Nothing. They just keep the tips.
Because she had no arms.
They're not falling for that one again.
Neither. They both eat out!
A chicken is easier to eat if you bone it first.
a necromancer
Put a steering wheel in front of them
Because they have Seoul.
Because FUCK and SHIT were already taken.
Aftermath
A she-mail
Hot potato. Hot potato.
Put a windshield in front of her.
So-Bear! 
None. Mice can't change light-bulbs as they are mere rodents without the physical or mental ability to do so. Not to mention it's much safer for them to pilfer food in the dark.
It depends on how hard you throw them.
He got prison for caching false Czechs.
None!
On a steampunk bike the gears don't do anything. 
Because she's thick and tired of it.
Mark Sanchez.
A church bell peals from the steeple.
Some came out running, others ran out coming.
Yes, if you have enough.
BOOBEES! 
Her father just died.
Diabetes
Even though you know you shouldn't you lick it anyway.
Who gives a fuck
It scares the shit out of the seeing eye dog. 
holy shit.
A church bell peals from the steeple.
There's 20 of them.
Your girlfriend has to chew before she can swallow,
Not very well at all...
little kids won't eat broccoli . 
STICK IT IN MY ANGUS
He lost the huile d'olive
Red paint.
Because he kept cutting up in class
An alcoholic with a drinking problem
Because in France one egg is un oeuf.
They taste funny.
He could really whale.
Wet noses
They don't have to change the light bulb, they buy LED's.....My first original joke submitted to reddit!  Hope you like :)
H to O
Gandhi walked around a bunch and built up giant callouses on the bottoms of his feet. He fasted a bunch which gave his bones a rather fragile brittle nature. He was a spiritual man, a mystic to many people. And he had a strange diet of green tea and white rice which gave him constant bad breath.  So   Gandhi was a super-calloused, fragile mystic, vexed with halitosis. 
He said "If we stick together, we can stop this shit."
It never gets old!
Because they all live in  kansas.
Bragging
She knows that she no longer has to give blow jobs.
Slayer.
In disguise. 
Necrophilia
Turns out he got hearing aids.
K.
Don Juan de Marco Polo.
Kermit's finger.
Your grip.
Because they always fear the wurst.
Raised the I.Q. of both states.
You can sleep with a light on.
Scratching the hell out of his coffin lid. 
because sex cells... Thank you thank you i'll be here all week.
Because he was cold before it was cool.
Who cares?
Because windows wasn't open. 
He woke up.
Holy Guacamole
In case of any night mares!
There ain't no rest for the wicked
Because all the kids have to play in side.
Well hung. 
There's twenty of them.
Artificial intelligence.
Actually, never mind. I'll finish, you'll be thoroughly disappointed, and then I'll start crying.
Let's go ride bikes!
Because cowboys always eat with their hats on.
He couldn't find the droid he was looking for.
IN HIS SLEEVIES! Best used with little kids, or followed by maniacal laughter.
Well the flag for one is a big plus. Badum tss.
...Light blue
If it´s black it ain´t good
I won't be an accessory to this.
Mike Easter
I can't tell it to ya, it's too cheesy
A table for two.
carlos
Because they're always Stalin.  Thank you, good night. 
Pastorized milk.
Im a fungi
Their last big hit was the wall.
...he won first place for a dried arrangement!
A Muslim couple in Prestatyn, preparing for their wedding, meet the Mullah for counselling. The Mullah asks if they have any last questions before they leave. The man asks, “We realise it’s a tradition in Islam for men to dance with men, and women to dance with women. But, at our wedding reception, we’d like your permission to dance together.” “Absolutely not,” says the Mullah. “It’s immoral. Men and women always dance separately.” “So after the ceremony I can’t even dance with my own wife?” “No,” answered the Mullah, “It’s forbidden in Islam.” “Well, okay,” says the man, “What about sex? Can we finally have sex?2 “Of course!” replies the Mullah, “Sex is OK within marriage, to have children!” “What about different positions?” asks the man. “No problem,” says the Mullah. “Woman on top?” the man asks. “Sure,” says the Mullah. “Go for it!” “Doggy style?” “Sure!” “On the kitchen table?” “Yes, yes!” “Can we do it with all my four wives together on rubber sheets with a bottle of hot oil, a couple of vibrators, leather harnesses, a bucket of honey and a porno video?” “You may indeed!” “Can we do it standing up?” “No.” says the Mullah. “Why not?” asks the man. “It could lead to dancing.” note : In a lot of religions men can only dance with men, and not with women, not even their wives..... WTF!!!!
Yes!
Because God bless America
Not dropping all your fucking socks
None.
Because they make up everything. 
Nitrogen Monoxide
Orangu-Tang.
Smack an Ethiopian kid in the face.
Santa Claus has 10 reindeers according to the song.  
Ohh.. About a handful.
Well, the magician has a cunning array of stunts...
A stick

The smell.
You won't find a Lambo in a landfill.
No, they already have names.
Honeycombs!
Because you do all the work, and the fat guy with the suit gets all of the credit.
The one that says Idaho 
Because OCT 31 = DEC 25. 
Because it was two tired...
They both leave little boys rooms with lighter sacks.
Because the snowblower was coming down the block.
In an unstable.
She didn't have any arms. Knock knock. (Who's There) Not Sally
So the kids have something to unwrap on Christmas morning.
Ever seen a spic do something right the first time?
One + all... One to screw in the lightbulb, the rest just bitch that it is a repost.
...'Cause I wore the wrong pair of socks this morning. 
No? K. 
Look for Fresh Prince
You Planet.
Charlie Sheen. Because you know it's GUARANTEED to be a white Christmas when he's around.
Slow down and use lubricant.
A vegetarian.
The roots.
(Pointing to each in turn) Ho! Ho! Ho!
Mr.Garrison: "Let's start the day with a world news question. Why are there school shootings?" The media: "Violent video games?" Mr.Garrison: "Okay, now lets try to get an answer from someone who's not a complete retard.
Santa stops at three hoes.  (sorry if repost)
Their biggest hits were the wall.
They use French resistors.
More guns.
To go to the grand opening. Why did the ant crawl up Prince Williams' trousers? To get to the royal ball.
You'd get fired if you drank piss at work.
You know you shouldn't, but one day you're probably going to try licking one.
... The climax is always the same. 
It didn't match with the iron curtains.
Nothing. You already had to tell her twice.
she had no Juan to go with 

So you can see the look on its face. How do you get said baby out of the blender? Tortilla chips. 
Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.
So blind people can hate them too
A: More guns.
He wants to see the prostitute give back money.
You have to sit at the back of the oven.
A Quakter
Violint
If you were forced to have it as a kid, you'll hate it as an adult.
MORE GUNS!!!
Hey kid, do you want to buy some candy?
Tupacalypse. (thanks to my buddy Mike)
Mayan didn't
Mayan hasn't.
A grandfather claus got him out of it!
They might trip on the string. 
Because Minnie is fucking Goofy
The steaks were too high.
It's making Head-Lines!
...just think about it.
The wheelchair
They shake.
Because he keeps getting nailed to the boards.

Snushi.
Does any one know any really cheesy but actually really funny christmas jokes? short ones as they are easier to send? struggling to think of any myself
Nah, you'll just spread it around.
They keep sticking their noses into everyone else's business.
They both like a tight seal.
So that they can see the battle.
Storks bring white babies.  Crows bring black babies.  So what brings no babies?  Swallows
The guy that can hold a cup of coffee in each hand and 6 donuts
kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Professor: Astronomical. 
He's outstanding in his field
Cause i wanna see you Baghdad ass up. 
Jose and Josb
Christmas dinner every night. Happy holidays reddit!
He worked it out with a pencil.
That's the worst book I ever read.
They have Conductors. 
ask your mother
A cloud
Lift her gut.
He is risen.
It gets jalepeño face. 
Cross-country
Rigatoni!
Because he only comes once a year.
WATAAAAAR
Gee, you knit?
Can I borrow ten dollars, but can you only give me five dollars now? Why do I only want five dollars, you ask? Well, then you'd owe me five dollars, and I'd owe you five dollars, and then we'd both be even.
The "My Yen" Apocalypse
"Robin, get in the batmobile!"
If you lick it, and nothing happens, you know its dead.
Please allow me to push in your stool sir.
i'm easy to read
Just ice. 
this morning, I ate some toast, cereal, coffee, bacon & eggs, hash browns...
One of them shucks between fits. 
Def Leppard. 
Kermit the Frog's finger.
A calendar has dates. 
Hide and go sleep.
fshhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Nothing. It just waved.
the taste
Beer nuts are about a buck and deer nuts are under a buck.
Vietnam. Because over there you need 20840 dongs to make a dollar.
slapping a nigerian kid in the face
Bachelors come home, check to see what's in the fridge, and go to bed. ….Married men come home, check to see what's in the bed, and go the fridge.
The porcupine has the pricks on the outside.
You would too if you were named Aaaurrrraaaaggghh!
Brainwashing.
Because any Mexican that can run, jump or swim is in america!
BREATHE!!!
pumpkin pi
Lumberjack: Oh, you really don't know why? Tree: Sorry, I'm stumped.
500 soles were lost. 
Yeah man. You didn't know? They're short and fat, and people call them rhinos.
"I didn't do it on Porpoise!!"
The Apostrosea.
It was in tents. 
Glue toast to the ceiling
A cracker with cheese.
Because he only comes once a year.

Tie his hands together
Fünf.
Season's greetings!

Crackers get soggy when wet.
All the good ones are taken, the rest are full of shit. 
A payday
One says " Hey you get off my cloud", and the other says "Hey McCloud get off my ewe!"
Because they hate Dick's
Their Father built the place and their Mother cleans it.
pants
A PiNEAPPLE! Get it? ;-D
Jealous
None. Frat boys don't screw in lightbulbs; they screw in puddles of vomit. 
Wiped.
McAfee Removal Tool

Ya dick is hangin out.
a pilot you racist fuck
Because it's soda pressing. 
Yes but we cantaloupe.
It contained a borscht ton.
All the good ones are already taken, and the available ones are either pay or handicapped.
...he was totally drinking it before it was cool. 
I need to see your privates.
I have never been hungry enough that I could eat a cabbage.
Because the border says "No TRESpassing"
They Kermit suicide.
Chirpies.  It's a Canarial Disease.  It's Untweetable!
None. They just beat the room for being black
Because she was out of lemo-nada. It's okay guys, i'll let myself out...
Sniggas.
The ATM
Around Ten-ish.
Now you have to say "Jerome can you please paint the fence".

Dr. Dre
Your mom never gave me pizza.
Herder
Because it is intents
We better perk up or people may think were nuts.
Because air is free.
He was arrested and charged. ...this is the stuff I come up with while procrastinating studying for finals.
Your grip!!!
Or should I introduce myself?
Because sheep can hear the sound of a fly being undone. (Recycled the joke from Mordecai Richler's "Barney's Version". It's a very good read with lots of content to laugh at if you have the time)

Because they don't have wing mirrors.
A dictator.
Because this shit needs to stop. 
Unless you're broke and desperate, they're not worth picking up. 
So that they can hear each other over their clothes
They wear mittens.
You shoot Kenny G. Twice. 

A pilot, you fucking racist.
There was a Lil Wayne.
Because love means nothing to them!
The iPad. 
Collar ID
A penis.
Somewhere around a buck an ear.
Because he doesn't have a brain
Oh, wait… they're done. 
all the slow ones are in jail
A. Why are you shaking? She's going to eat me!
Someone who stays up all night wondering if there really is a dog.
Yoko Ono
They used his foreskin for an eyelid skin graft. . . . . .
A magic banana...
They don't know where home is
investigator 
The kids walked out of Ice Age 4... Alive
In Laotian.
Take the "f" out of the word "way".  (get it yet...?)
In the womb, he used to fight bald clowns. (Self made joke)
There are   posts on the frontpage
Christopher Walken
YOU WEREN'T THERE MAAAAN!!!
.. An instagram
it was a struggle, but eventually he passed the class.
Tuba glue.
So your asshole doesn't slam shut.
Matador
'Coz the boys pants are all half off.
Close, but no cigar.
Because without them they would be pointless. 
A Jew with a coupon  
A private tutor (tooter) Heard it from a guy on the street selling newspapers in front of the art institute in chicago.
Nothing, they were both stuckup cunts
Leaving a plunger in the toilet.
Q. What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car? A. "Get in the car, Robin" Source 
I don't get an erection when I beat a video game.
He's   now

I'd hit it
The Defenestration of Smaug.
Stop hating yourself, stop hating yourself!
In his sleevies. 
He had lost his contacts!
They're allowed to smell it, but they get in trouble if they eat it. Teehee
It's in their "jeans" ;)
Yes? Well if you have, just try this experiment... Put your dog and your wife in the boot of the car for an hour. When you open the trunk, which one is really happy to see you?
Q: how do you turn a dishwasher into a snow plow? A: give her a shovel.
Hebrews it.
White Vans.
Take your dick out of its mouth.
In little nazis
None, it's a hardware problem!
The looks on their faces while you're nailing them.
Easy - just use the ashtray
He didn't
HOWAREYOUKEN?!
It's sin-ful. [self made joke]
He's just as fast as Rudolf, he just can't stop as quick
Bean dip.
Abortions.
That movie sucks ass.
Keep the tip.
The Chargers.
Bi-Polar
Thousands of brown loafers
They do it on porpoise.
Because they can lie about their age!
A small medium at large.
Decaffeinated. 
...sexy kids NOTE:  Don't let this note, my acct. name, and the fact that this is only my second post interrupt your comedic   enjoyment
Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches.
Your dad's cock tastes like blood.
A nervous wreck!
Follow the fresh prints!
Alfredosehen
They had no rights.
69 for midgets
a salad-manager
Because it held up a pair of pants.  I'll show myself out. 
A slow poke! 
Wanna go swimming? 
Don't be silly, Californians screw in hot tubs!
Meals on Wheels
A sedan d'état.
Lady: Do you smoke? Man: Yes Lady: How many packs a day? Man: 3 packs Lady: How much per pack? Man: $10 Lady: And how long have you been smoking? Man: 15 years Lady: So 1 pack costs $10 and you have 3 packs a day which puts your spending each month at $900. In one year it would be $10,800, correct? Man: Correct Lady: If in 1 year you spend $10,800 not accounting for inflation, the past 15 years puts your spending at $162,000, correct? Man: Correct Lady: Do you know that if you hadn't smoked, that money could have been put in a step-up interest savings account and after accounting for compound interest for the past 15 years, you could have now bought a Ferrari? Man: Do you smoke? Lady: No Man: Where's your fucking Ferrari then?
Joke. Joke. Jooooooooooke. 
A pap smear.
They steal all the green cards.
He wanted to smoke a joint!
Two.  One to hold the bulb and one to drink until the room spins.
He smashed his his nose.
Because if they had 4 doors they would be called chicken sedans!
Being raped
Jobs.
Nobody wanted to play on his team any longer after he had a 0 and 2 kill/death ratio and it took him 3 days to respawn. 
One's a sick duck... I forget the rest but your mother's a whore
You could probably eat a baseball.
Cucumber
I like your belt.  Ok, ok. I know it's elementary, but I still love it.
I ate so many chickpeas, now I falafel.
He keeps coming and coming and coming.
He was cross.
Very tired feet.
Up the Shepherd's leg!
A Jewish family reunion.
She had a yeast infection 
Chemistree.
They only had 4 cars.
Women. They heavier they are, the easier they are to pick up.
Wave to him
He was out standing in his field
because she didn't like dicks.
Never mind. I was going to make a black joke but I'll slave it for later? Wanna hear a virginity joke? Never mind, I lost it.
De-calf-inated
Legolas
Ite. Sorry, a kid said this in elementary school and it was funny back then :)
You can't jelly your dick in a girl's ass. 
A fruit roll up
Sir. The man has enough on his plate without being treated as a lesser individual by society.
"Where is my tractor?"
He says "Cerebro"
Caesar said:"I came, I saw, I conquered." Casanova said:"I saw, I conquered, I came."
A minor
How does she not fall over?
My Beyonce calendar. 
His brother holding the VCR.
One of them is a meatier shower. 
Red paint.
To get to the other side
Ground beef
Baked Ham
Her boyfriend was blond as well.
You stick a piece of bread to the ceiling
Because he wanted to run his fingers through his hair.
She can use your wifes clothes
A meanderin' orange.
So they won't run into each other in the dark.
Because he got hit by the bus.
I'm arriving
Bison.
Grass. I lied about the wheels.
Midget shortage.
They only want the tip
One's a bottom-feeding scum-sucker and the other one's a fish.
Michael Jackson
Get the quarter back!
They were my friends :(
Just ice
Give her a shovel!
Dirty hairy.
A dictator!
A small medium at large!
Finding half a worm in your apple.
The papers the next day read, "SMALL MEDIUM AT LARGE"
It was in mean median mode.
The saddest vegetable known to man: a melonccoli.
The director of Life of Pi.
Medium.
because she wasn't wearing a seat belt 
A 12 Gauge Shotgun
Its ok he worked it out with a pencil
It gets jalapeño business.  
The cold shoulder.
Because Jesus WEPt.
The lottery.
They torque it..
A quarter pounder with cheese.
Mick Jagger screams "Hey, you! Get off of my cloud!" A Scotsman screams "Hey, McCloud! Get off of my ewe!"
Oral sex makes your day, anal sex makes your hole weak.
You 'Neak Up On It. 
The left-ovaries.
Title
Douse it in gasoline and set it on fire.  !
Nein! Ooooo nein!
A vice grip.
They always pull out at the last second (usually to avoid a child).
One acts solely for money, the other is the actor. 
A radical equation.
Just one to hold it in place while the rest of Europe runs circles around it.
He had reptile dysfunction.
Reptile. 
She has an abortion.
WRAP MUSIC!
Its just dykes on trikes on dikes.
Well, it doesn't really matter...
One of them is red and the other one is dead. LOLZ
He couldn't C#
Get off the carousel, dumb ass. You're drunk. 
When She fits in your wife's clothes.
One was a salted.
Because he has MS-DOS
Take away her rights.
Because everyone has a little good in them
A young guy was driving down the road. He had been fired earlier that day, and his girlfriend had broken up with him just the day prior. While thinking of his predicament the young driver doesn't see the young rabbit in the road, and sadly hits the poor animal.  The young driver pulls over rushes to check on the animal. When the young guy finds the poor dead thing on the side of the road he finally breaks down, and starts to bawl.  A female driver sees this scene, and pulls over to help this hysterical man. She approaches and asks if she can help, but the only thing the man can do is just cry. The woman stops, thinks, and then goes back to her car. She comes back with a can, and sprays the dead rabbit. Suddenly the rabbit springs to life! It hops away about ten feet then turns and waves. The rabbit keeps on doing this. Hopping about ten feet, then it would turn, and wave.  The male driver can't believe it. He looks over and reads the can. HAIRSPRAY: Revitalize dead hair and add wave! 
Did you hear that asshole talking shit behind my back?
Simple! He just worked it out with a pencil!
So they'd fit like a glove.
...Stays up all night pondering the existence of a dog
Macaroni and Qi. 
I am not funny and I need to be. I am writing a script for a short show that's formatted like "Weekend Update" on Saturday Night Live. So that means one sentence about the topic, and then one liner joke. Thank you all!

nice belt.
The wedding was good, but the RECEPTION was great!
12. One to screw it in, One to excoriate men for creating the need for illumination, One to blame men for inventing such a faulty means of illumination, One to suggest the whole "screwing" bit to be too "rape-like", One to deconstruct the lightbulb itself as being phallic, One to blame men for not changing the bulb, One to blame men for trying to change the bulb instead of letting a  woman do it, One to blame men for creating a society that discourages women from changing light bulbs, One to blame men for creating a society where women change too many light bulbs, One to advocate that lightbulb changers should have wage parity with electricians, One to alert the media that women are now "out-lightbulbing" men, One to just sit there taking pictures for her blog for photo-evidence that men are unnecessary.
Their just desserts.
A Nanak Nanak joke.
Niether did he.
Bubble-0-7
One is a hairy beast that spits, the other is native to South America.
Mountain Jew.
A balloon animal!
Because it was Meloncholic
Honor roll. 
Bondage...
Two test tickles
I pumice I'll come back soon!
Pamperspired.
The Sims
Because there's a target on every corner.
The Pope.  (sorry if repost, my friend just told it to me) 
To get to the second hand shop.
A dustpan.
My contribution: Q: Why is a vagina just like the weather? A: When it's wet, it's time to go inside Q: Why is a woman's pussy like a public restroom?  A: They both feel good, but you wonder who has been there before you! Vagina jokes are not funny. Period.
A park bench can support a family.
The following is an actual question given on a University of Washington engineering mid-term. The answer was so "profound" that the Professor shared it with colleagues, and the sharing obviously hasn't ceased... Bonus Question: Is Hell exothermic (gives off heat) or Endothermic (absorbs heat)? Most of the students wrote Proofs of their beliefs using Boyle's Law, (gas cools off when it expands and heats when it is compressed) or some variant. One student, however, wrote the following: "First, we need to know how the mass of Hell is changing in time. So we need to know the rate that souls are moving into Hell and the rate they are leaving. I think that we can safely assume that once a soul gets to Hell, it will not leave. Therefore, no souls are leaving. As for how many souls are entering Hell, let us look at the different religions that exist in the world today. Some of these religions state that if you are not a member of their religion, you will go to Hell. Since there are more than one of these religions and since people do not belong to more than one religion, we can project that all souls go to Hell. With birth and death rates as they are, we can expect the number of souls in Hell to increase exponentially. Now, we look at the rate of change of the volume in Hell because Boyle's Law states that in order for the temperature and pressure in Hell to stay the same, the volume of Hell has to expand as souls are added. This gives two possibilities: So which is it? If we accept the postulate given to me by Teresa Banyan during my Freshman year, "...that it will be a cold day in Hell before I sleep with you.", and take into account the fact that I still have not succeeded in having sexual relations with her, then, #2 cannot be true, and thus I am sure that Hell is exothermic and will not freeze." This student received the only A.
You Blow-Fish!
One is fun to smash with a sledgehammer and the other one is a watermelon
A penis potato!
an erection
Snazis. This insanely corny joke brought to you by my Dad, circa 1990. May he rest in peace!
One is full of screaming 10 year old boys and the other is Call of Duty.
He said "Hey, kid. Can I sell ya some candy?"
He was suicider.
She is walking down a dark street on her way home when she hears footsteps. Believing she is being followed and not wanting to be mugged she hides behind a tree and, as the stalker passes, she jumps up and grabs him by the balls! "WHO ARE YOU?" she shouts at the man as she twists and pulls his balls. He mumbles something but she can't understand him. "WHO ARE YOU AND WHAT DO YOU WANT?" she shouts again as she twists his balls harder squeezing them with all her strength. "Carl!" he manages to stutter "CARL WHO?" she asks twisting and squeezing the balls a bit more and giving them a hard pull. "CARL THE MUTE!!" he shouts at the top of his lungs.
Nobody likes a soggy cracker! 
Gives the X Box back to grandkids
A polar bear.
Ill tell you tomorow.
Give me a blender and we'll call her a bloody mary.
Ones with an obtuse angle.

They're both D-composed.
Put them both in the trunk of your car, drive around the block, and see which ones happy to see you afterwards.
Ten: one to screw it in and nine to say, "Pssh, I can do that."
because the air is free
Awnser: Home Depot They have power tools lol
Because two wongs don't make a white.
One less drunk.
Constant ripostes.
You mean you don't know? 
He worked it out with a pencil.
Because it has microwaves

One is a cunning array of stunts.
Hoe hoe hoe!
He feinted. (Sorry)
Whose Line is it Anyway
...2, but how'd they get in there.
I'll tell you later.
Because he was outstanding in his field!
Tequila mockingbird.
Beef stroganoff.
The picture of Jesus only needs one nail to hang up.
Her hips
In a henvelope!
My cock while I'm doing it.
Because he is a bad influenza
Que queque! 
Kick his sister's chin.
Your girlfriend has to chew before she swallows. 
A bullet.
via sticky notes
She was a cat.
Because they die so young. 
A no weigh Jose.
Infanticider. 
He wanted to transcend dental medication...
Polaroid Integral Film and Babies 
The headline read "Small medium at large."
Orange juice.
Wife asks her husband: Honey, If a lion attacks my mother and I, Who would you save first? Husband: Well, the lion!
"I think I'm in loaf." Ba dum, tss. 
Dr. Dre.
Because he's all up in your bismuth.
He had to get toad.
Dip the dog's dick in ranch dressing.
Sparky.
Because his wife is dead.
Neither, because they're both ashamed of their children's disgusting and sinful lifestyle choices.
There's 20 of them.
BBQ sauce.
neither have they...
God doesn't walk around Dublin pretending he's Bono

One is a frigid midget with a rigid digit, the other is a massive vassal with a passive tassel  (found this in Horace's Satires)
Cover me, I'm going in.
What a cleverdick...
When he takes a shit. 
fucked
Marry her.
It was PISSED OFF!
I am a 15yo guy, she is a 17yo girl who has a nonsmokers lung cancer. Any positive or uplifting jokes will be appreciated.
Racist jokes are offensive.
Cause he prefers Dicks.
You gots the purdiest tooth I ever comed across, Sis.
A killing Spree.
Donutello * I love pun jokes give me some more
Patty
Dr. Dre
kung flu
Swallowing the wheelchair.
The sock under my bed.
Say, " Everyone out of the pool please."
A bus driver can't change his stops.
Crust.
It went back 4 seconds.
Because the paracetemol. 
Fairy codmother
Because you get better results from slowly roasting it in the oven.
A baboom.
You don't know? Well let's go have a discussion... 
The shi'ite really hit the fan.
Batman can go into a store without robin....
Because blonde guys are stupid too.
Well you can jelly your cock up her ass!
Juice.
Ten tickles
DODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODO
The periodic table!
Eat, drink and be Mary.
A school teacher tells you to spit out your gum, a train says choo choo.
Blue paint.
You have to sit in the back of the oven.
Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
It's fucking close to water
That you clicked on this link only to correct my grammer....
When they are forced on you as a child you resent them as an adult
The reindeer 
They feel they can no longer trust a children's TV star who claims to be able to 'fix it' 
You might try and knock some mud off on the sidewalk before you step on the doormat.
Digesting the wheelchair.
One instagram.
It's late fall and the Indians on a remote reservation in South Dakota asked their new chief if the coming winter was going to be cold or mild. Since he was a chief in a modern society, he had never been taught the old secrets. When he looked at the sky, he couldn't tell what the winter was going to be like. Nevertheless, to be on the safe side, he told his tribe that the winter was indeed going to be cold and that the members of the village should collect firewood to be prepared. But, being a practical leader, after several days, he got an idea. He went to the phone booth, called the National Weather Service and asked, 'Is the coming winter going to be cold?' 'It looks like this winter is going to be quite cold,' the meteorologist at the weather service responded. So the chief went back to his people and told them to collect even more firewood in order to be prepared. A week later, he called the National Weather Service again. 'Does it still look like it is going to be a very cold winter?' 'Yes,' the man at National Weather Service again replied, 'it's going to be a very cold winter.' The chief again went back to his people and ordered them to collect every scrap of firewood they could find.. Two weeks later, the chief called the National Weather Service again. 'Are you absolutely sure that the winter is going to be very cold?' 'Absolutely,' the man replied. 'It's looking more and more like it is going to be one of the coldest winters we've ever seen.' 'How can you be so sure?' the chief asked. The weatherman replied, 'The Indians are collecting a shitload of firewood!'
They're wearing a SOMBERERO
He worked it out with a pencil
Because 12 13 14!!!!! GET IT?!?!??! source: some comment on reddit I read like 6 months ago
One. They stick the bulb in the socket and wait for the world to revolve around them!
Christianity
They ate the pizza before it was cool
They're both homo-genius.
He saw his gas bill.
Your mom can't handle the truth.
A pomegranate. 
" i lava you "
rape
because it had a hard drive! (stole it from ellen, from her classic joke tuesday)
An algae bra.
A Dell
None, they go commando.
He got the stuffing knocked out of him.
Full.
It's very "touching".
A nun with a javelin through her. 
Bean dip
Because ζ η θ!
You never have to buy batteries.
Because he only comes once a year, and when he does, it's down a chimney.
It is very interesting to look at the relationships and intricacies that make an inside joke so funny and sometimes even create a personality of its own.  It would be awesome to see all of your stories!  I would love to hear why they are funny to you and your friends.  How long has the joke been going on? Have new people been included in the circle?  If you can think of anything else, go for it!!!
Denim Denim Denim
virgin mobile
Hacidic!
Nevermind, it's tearribly cheesy.
Baked Beans
Because they cantaloupe. 
Very satisfying!!
It made Bud wiser.
because theres not road from the bed room to the kitchen 
One is a busty crustacean and the other is a crusty bus station.
Lemonade.
P-p-p-poke her face.
He pasta way
There is nothing left too loose.
Two. One to assure the public that everything possible is being done while the other screws it into a water faucet. 
Because they have to.
So when their ship sinks they can walk back to shore.
Look for the fresh prints.
It's like a metaphor.
They say he's a seasoned vet. 
You can drop her off anywhere!!
A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again. 
A hooker will stop screwing you after you're dead.
I haven't got the faintest idea.
Relaxatives.

Because seven is a registered sex offender.
A moo-slim.
A Clunt.
A middle aged father was in the bathroom one morning shaving before work, when his teenage daughter passed by the doorway, she came back a moment later and asked her father " dad I've got a very serious question for you" "ok" he replies go ahead, she then sheepishly asks, " um how contagious is herpes" stunned the father immediately thinks of nothing but to try and turn his daughter away from this type of activity, he replies with " oh honey, its very very contagious, any kind of contact will mean almost certain infection, I cant watch you 24/7, so all I can ask if you try and at least stay protected" the daughter backs away from the doorway and replies "well I was just asking because your using my razor and Im currently having a breakout."
A stairorist.
Cos jungle is massive.
A meowntain.
Because he likes Dick's.
In christianity, one guy died for all the others.
People tell you not to, but you're still going to put your tongue on it.
On The Wire. 
A small medium at large.
The teacher marked him absent.
The closer you get to discharge, the better you feel.
Christianity.
See you next month.
Two-thirty-nine.  One more and it'd be too farty.
An Apparigine!
Crack Rock. 
If they're not on your dick they're in your wallet. 
Carlos. 
Connect the dots.

You can drop her off anywhere.
A pilot, you fucking racist.
That's when you blow me and I owe you 1.
they would have to use to much ink. 
Anyone can roast beef.
Because 7 had a gun.
Très bien
A slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.
Namaste
Decomposing.
Because she wasn't wearing her seat belt.
Because the "p" is silent...
One's a bottom-dwelling, muck-sucker and the other is a fish. 
Quite a while ago I found some jokes that you just right down and make people say, Example (I won a math debate) = I want to masterbait. Does anybody else know of more of these jokes/pranks. Thanks
Quack. Girlfriend came up with it. It was so bad it was good.
6.9 because it's a 69 with a period in the middle.
The former is a band of cunning runts...
Barbeque sauce.
You don't let her out.
Because the hotdogs taste like shit.
Because he only likes whites.
She wanted to make some money on the side.
D shells were too big. 
Stevie Wonder when he answers the iron.
He ate it before it was cool
You: Can I have some orange juice? Other person: sure go ahead. You: Do you have any orange? Other person: what? You: I have jews but i dont have any orange.
Denim denim denim.  
Because that was how many dicks he could fit in his mouth before he gagged.
Thinking about putting mine on a diet.  
Both lookin for a tight seal. 
Kermit the frogs finger
Stay up all night wondering if there is a dog.
We better perk up or somebody is going to think were nuts.
Showers take in lost of dirty people, but don't take shit from no one.
No ballroom.
Because I put the wrong socks on this morning
A refrigerator doesn't fart when you take your meat out.
A Porky-Pine
I come to this great city with great intentions.
If you looked at them, you could only see a dick; and both ended up just an inch short
You can't marmalade your dick up a girls ass.
Cause they're filled with Arab seamen!
Snowbama
A sandwich!
Rubbit
The Girl Scout that got hit by a car.
Boo Bee
The kitchen must be a very safe place
Because dildos can't take out the trash. 
The penis, Because we can lift it with a thought.
It has a lot of mussels.

He votes!
I rest my queso.
Disgruntled
A Carrot
No idear. What do you call a blind buck with no legs? Still no idear.
Tree fellas
Goesintight.
They say that shoe shopping is a horrible ordeal for us, and you wouldn't believe how accurate that statement is. I looked through 7 different stores to find a pair that fit me. Thank god that one is still in business, I've worn the same model for 5 years now because they're the only ones that fit. And don't get me started on ski boots. It took 6 months of searching until I found a pair in the very back of a small shop 50 miles away from where I live. This whole thing is an exercise in frustration. At least having a huge cock makes up for it.
He was tired of playing second Fidel.
It's hard to put makeup on two faces.
Gang-rape.
Mama mia, it's an Italian astronaut!
Hey, we should get together and square dance!
How does everyone feel about making a new joke subreddit for oneliners, because most of the time I open a   post it is so long that I don't read it, it puts me off reading them and you cant make a tl;dr for a joke so why not have a subreddit for oneliners.
Micecream!
they all happened because some dumbass didn't pull it out in time.
Phelps is the favourite.
Feta 
The baby carriage is the result of last year's fun on wheels.
Mustuuurd
Stopping it with a shovel!
The second hour's free.
He couldn't find the Droid he was looking for
A furry fish market.
Bin-der-done-dat
Because so very few mice know how to dance...
The swim-fast diet.
I am a common object enjoyed by both sexes, normally about 8 inches long, with little hairs on one end, and a hole in the other. For most of the day I am laying down, but I am ready for instant action. When in use, I move back and forth and in and out of a warm, moist hole. When the work is finally done, a white, slushy, sticky mush is left behind and I return to my original position. Cleaning is normally done after I have finished. What am I? Why, I am your very own toothbrush!
It's not hard
Mine is that old binary one -  "There are 10 kinds of people in the world.  Those who understand binary and those who don't."  Well DUR HUR HUR, congratulations on counting to two. Being a timid person, I just chuckle and seethe on the inside.  
It's your fault!
I don't know but don't try to milk it!
Mourning wood.
pi!
Because it was two tired! 
Peanut butter and jammin!
... a rape victim
Have I got an ax to grind with you.

Zero.
"It's asbestos could be."
Because it was pissed off.
She puts her clothes back on and goes home.
Dr. Dre.
There was no clear winner.
A dictator.
Camenbert
He brews it.
Arrrrrrt class.
What has six tits and three teeth? The night shift at the Waffle House.
He had butterfingers!
Fo' drizzle.... 
Wiped his butt.
In a tank. 
A few billion dollars worth of improvements
He was too far out
Because proper tea is theft.
...It's a watered down Manhattan!
faceBAWK!
An impasta.
So Mrs. O'Reilly, a dear old lady, hadn't been feeling too well lately, and she tells her husband, he tells her to give it a couple of days and if she still doesn't feel better, he'd take her to the doctor. A couple days pass, and dear old Mrs. O'Reilly isn't feeling any better so they make the trip to the hospital. The doctor gave Mrs. O'Reilly a full physical, checking anything that could be wrong but to no prevail, so he told her that he would need a specimen to be sure of what was making the old lady ill. Mrs. O'Reilly said okay and that she would return at her next appointment with the specimen. During the ride home, the car was silent between Mrs. O'Reilly and her husband until he finally asked what was wrong, she replied that the doctor would need a specimen, but she hadn't an idea what it was, her husband shrugged and said he hadn't the slightest, they agreed that Mrs. O'Reilly would ask their nice neighbor Ms. Thomas if she knew what it was when they got home. When they arrived, the husband went inside and Mrs. O'Reilly went over to Ms. Thomas' home. Mrs. O'Reilly returned about a half hour later, all beaten up, hair askew and winded, her husband asked her what happened, she replied "i knocked on the door, was let in and asked Ms. thomas is she knew what a specimen was, she replied, 'piss in a bottle' to which i retorted 'shit in a hat!' and the fight was on!"
It's tearable.

Hear about the restaurant on the Moon? Great food but no atmosphere.
the boogie
Christian bail.
Crack-ers
Because NE-coli.
Because that's how it comes in the box :D
A ten foot cock that wants to reach out and touch someone.
Put it in a blender.
... An "impasta"!!!!
Natural causes.
A hockey team showers after 3 periods.
She didn't want to litter.
New Orleans!
You planet!
One looks up your family tree, the other looks up your family bush.
10 people that don't do dick.
They love to pump kin.
Because one is un œuf.
If they have become scent-ient.
It isn't, now have a landmine. -Ron Swanson
Pumpkin.
A man was in his front yard mowing grass when his attractive blonde female neighbor came out of the house and went straight to the mailbox.   She opened it then slammed it shut and  stormed back in the house.     A little later she came out of her house again went to  the mail box and again, opened it, slammed it shut again.. Angrily, back into the house she went.   As the man was getting ready to edge the lawn, here she came out again,  marched to the mail box, opened it and then slammed it closed harder than ever. Puzzled by her actions the  man asked her, "Is something wrong?" To which she replied,"There certainly is!" "My stupid computer keeps saying,  "
Whodyounickabollockoff
Bamboo
"Drop it, nigger" What do you say when you wake in the middle of the night and see your refrigerator floating in the air? Not a goddamn thing. That's a HUGE nigger.
Because they're ugly and they stink.
Because they're jalapeno business!
A MINI-TAUR!
Because they have hollow-weenies!
Pump kin.
A little boy goes to his dad and asks, "What is politics?" Dad says, "Well son, let me try to explain it this way: I'm the breadwinner of the family, so let's call me capitalism. Your Mom, she's the administrator of the money, so we'll call her the Government. We're here to take care of your needs, so we'll call you the people. The nanny, we'll consider her the Working Class. And your baby brother, we'll call him the Future. Now, think about that and see if that makes sense," So the little boy goes off to bed thinking about what dad had said. Later that night, he hears his baby brother crying, so he gets up to check on him. He finds that the baby has severely soiled his diaper. So the little boy goes to his parents' room and finds his mother sound asleep. Not wanting to wake her, he goes to the nanny's room. Finding the door locked, he peeks in the keyhole and sees his father in bed with the nanny. He gives up and goes back to bed.  The next morning, the little boy says to his father, "Dad, I think I Understand the concept of politics now." The father says, "Good son, tell me in your own words what you think politics is all about." The little boy replies, "Well, while Capitalism is screwing the Working Class, the Government is sound asleep, the People are being ignored and the Future is in deep shit."
Grandma, hush, that's Nicki Minaj
One's $2.50 and the Other's Under a Buck!
Because if it had four doors, it would be a chicken sedan.
A priest is doing confession one day and has to pee really badly. So, in between parishioners, he leans out the back of the confessional and sees and altar boy gardening. He says, "Psst, can you cover for me? I have to pee really badly." The altar boy is unsure, but decides he'll give it a shot. He gets into the priest's half of the confessional and hears, "Father? Father, are you there." He puts on his best old man voice and says, "I am here, my child." The woman begins her confession. "It's been 6 weeks since my last confession and, well father, my husband and I had anal sex. I know it is a sin, but we both wanted to do it and... well, I feel really bad. What can I do to make up for this sin?" Feeling immediately overwhelmed, the altar boy says, "Whoa, listen lady, sorry, but I am not the priest, and I gotta tell ya, I have no idea what you can do about this." The lady replies, "Well, what does the Father usually give for anal sex?" And the altar boy responds, "A candy bar and a coke."
They cantaloupe.
One hundred and one. Two to wash it, one to dry it, and ninety eight to talk about how dirty it was.
it's a pretty obscure number, you probably haven't heard of it.
A shoe.
He stares at   shoes while he talks to you.
He can't get out of a bath.
Pew! Pew!
A police horse.
Knocking on ovens door
Because as they got on the boat to leave Italy, they were stamped on the head, "TO NY".
Cronflakes.
I Noah guy

They get a pencil and work it out. 
A full set of teeth
Toof Hurty.
He fell out of the tree.
He thought the bond was ironic.
Pumpkin Pi
The punchlines are too long.
They both get laid by Mexicans. 
The beans are always under-ground.
None, they prefer the dark.
Cause the zombies are looking for braaaaaaaains
Because their men have hollow-weenies!
Flip it over!
Because 6 7 8.
They're still talking about what happened in 1982.
Cholera, bitch.
Depends...
A boner 
Pick on someone your own size.
A guy goes to the supermarket and notices an attractive woman waving at him. She says hello. He's rather taken aback because he can't place where he knows her from. So he says, 'Do you know me? To which she  replies, 'I think you're the father of one of my kids! Now his mind travels back to the only time he has ever been unfaithful to his wife and says, “Are you the stripper from the bachelor party that I made love to on the pool table with all my buddies watching while your partner whipped my butt with wet celery???” She looks into his eyes and says calmly, “No, I'm your son's teacher.”
A "C" gull!
"Robin, get in the Batmobile."
They mix watermelon and grape soda.  (On a side note, I'm not racist. I just think black people and racist jokes are funny.) 
He drown in his tea pee.
Auschwitz
You can't jelly your dick down a girls throat
I said to my self as I floored the accelerator. Although I guess he did get to the other side.
Def Leppard
Barium.
Baraccoli
Nah let's just skip it.
Boobies!
Is that you coughin?
Patty O'Furniture
Because they have Hollow-Weenies!
They got along swimmingly
Only one of them shakes hands. I guess if you're worried about offending epileptics, you can swap out "epileptic" with "well-trained dog." I came up with this after hearing another UDP joke: "I know a great UDP joke, but you might not get it."
"Hey, guys, look what I can do!"
I've always been a fan or dark humor, so, what's the darkest joke you know. no boundaries, no getting offended. please don't downvote anyone because you find it offensive, that's life, get over it. 
When he starts using condoms with other girls.
Auschwitz
They think outside the box.
It depends on the girl
2 Guys Walk Into A Bar
He got the phone bill
An  -disiac.
Elephant snot. Funniest part is seeing people's reaction when you tell it.
Mad cow disease was already taken.
He sipped his coffee before it was cool
Humpfree! :P
Your bike.
Two more bullets
He asked her to do an essay. [Also, I'm latin]
You suck its dick.
To get to the other slide.
Because you made my PP go up.
Mass hysteria.
This guy!
The nostrils so she can breathe while she sucks your dick.
National Dyslexic Association
Flip flops
What are U doing here?
Kick him in the balls
Because they are popular, inexpensive, and a good source of potassium. 
About halfway.
(say outloud) With little knotsies.
You really think feminists will ever change anything?
You have to sit in the back of the oven.
A newlywed couple moves into their new house. One day the husband comes home from work and his wife says, "Honey, you know, in the upstairs bathroom one of the pipes is leaking, could you fix it?" The husband says, "What do I look like, Mr. Plumber?" A few days go by, and he comes home from work and his wife says, "Honey, the car won't start. I think it needs a new battery. Could you change it for me?" He says: "What do I look like, Mr. Goodwrench?" Another few days go by, and it's raining pretty hard. The wife finds a leak in the roof. She says, "Honey, there's a leak on the roof! Can you please fix it?" He says, "What do I look like, Bob Vila?" The next day the husband comes home, and the roof is fixed. So is the plumbing. So is the car. He asks his wife what happened. "Oh, I had a handyman come in and fix them," she says. "Great! How much is that going to cost me?" he snarls. Wife says: "Nothing. He said he'd do it for free if I either baked him a cake or slept with him." "Uh, well, what kind of cake did you make?" asks the husband. "What do I look like," she says, "Betty Crocker?"
Guaca-MOL-e
How are there 127 million subscribers when the Reddit population is WAY LESS????
Want to hear a clean joke? Bob took a bath. With Bubbles. Want to hear a dirty joke? (Punchline hidden so you don't accidentally read)
I know this isn't a joke but I'm sick and tired of how ridiculous some of the comments on this subreddit. Case and point read through some of the comments on the Michael j fox joke and you'll realize how stupid some of the people commenting are. I understand that the downvotes should take care of this but it would be better if they weren't even in existence. Thanks for reading.
Now where will 9gag get all of its content? 
Lance Armstrong
Her son's dick taste weird 
a Karaoke 
Six.  Why?  It just does! OKAY!
Such number as may be deemed to perform the stated task in a timely and efficient manner within the strictures of the following agreement: Whereas the party of the first part, also known as "The Lawyer", and the party of the second part, also known as "The Light Bulb", do hereby and forthwith agree to a transaction wherein the Light Bulb shall be removed from the current position as a result of failure to perform previously agreed upon duties, i.e., the lighting and otherwise illumination of the area ranging from the front door, through the entry way. The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not be limited to, the following steps: 1.) The party of the first part (Lawyer) shall, with or without elevation at his option, by means of a chair, stepstool, ladder or any other means of elevation, rotate the party of the second part (Light Bulb) in a counter-clockwise direction, said direction being non-negotiable. Said rotation of the party of the second part (Light Bulb) shall be undertaken by the party of the first part (Lawyer) with every possible caution by the party of the first part (Lawyer) to maintain the structural integrity of the party of the second part (Light Bulb), notwithstanding the afore-mentioned failure of the party of the second part (Light Bulb) to perform the aforementioned customary and agreed upon duties. The foregoing notwithstanding, however, both parties agree that structural failure of the party of the second part (Light Bulb) may be incidental to the aforementioned failure to perform and in such case the party of the first part (Lawyer) shall be held blameless for such structural failure as long as this agreement is concerned so long as the non-negotiable rotation (counter-clockwise) is observed by the party of the first part (Lawyer) throughout. 2.) Upon reaching a point where the party of the second part (Light Bulb) becomes separated from the party of the third part ("Receptacle"), the party of the first part (Lawyer) shall have the option of disposing of the party of the second part (Light Bulb) in a manner consistent with all applicable state, local and federal statutes. 3.) Once separation and disposal have been achieved, the party of the first part (Lawyer) shall have the option of beginning installation of the party of the fourth part("New Light Bulb"). This installation shall occur in a manner consistent with the reverse of the procedures described in step one of this self- same document, being careful to note that the rotation should occur in a clockwise direction, said direction also being non-negotiable. NOTE: The above described steps may be performed, at the option of the party of the first part (Lawyer), by said party of the first part (Lawyer), by his heirs and assigns, or by any and all persons authorized by him to do so, the objective being to produce a level of illumination in the immediate vicinity of the aforementioned front door consistent with maximization of ingress and revenue for the party of the fifth part, also known as "The Firm".
Chernobyl fallout.
It freaks out the dogs!
No one, they both eat out.
Bison
I can't jelly my cock into your ass!  
In a police car, the pricks are on the inside.
You look for the fresh prints.
Let's get shitfaced!
Asked the stranger who just pulled up wih his truck outside a bar. "No" the barkeep replied. "Well fuck," he said, "I guess I just ran over a nun..."
AA, Eh
You don't find out whats in it until you pass it...
Regular sex can make your night, but anal sex can make your hole weak.
Running into a wall with a erection and your nose touches the wall first.
A wolffle. 
Get off me, homes!
They never got past the white belt.
Kermit the Frog's finger
There were 3 car accidents in Mexico 70 people died.  What do you call a bunch of black people in a swimming pool?  Coco puffs.
Who wants to know?  .... saw this joke in today's 
One of my favorites seems a perfect starter.  There once was a [person] from [place] Whose [body part] was [special case]. When [event] would occur, It would cause [him or her] To violate [law of time/space]
Because his mother was in the pen, and they didn't know how long the sentence would be.
Better grip. Happy Halloween :)
Time to go to sweep.
How can you make seven even? Take away the letter S.
The back of my hand.
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaay !!!
Sparky
A pain in the arse.
Because they can only get As.
"we're walking four abreast."
Usain Bolt can finish off a race
they don't mind if you're a little behind.
A StayGosaurus
A polar bear.
Ten naked men running around in a circle and the first one stops.
You can't make a vita-min. But you can make a hor-mone!
What do you say to piss off a redditor?

amaized.
It scares the fuck out of the dogs.
All the corny jokes.
Alex Crossdresser
In the Sith grade.
Jalapeño Business You need to say this in a pretty thick Hispanic accent for it to work. I heard it from some classmates.
So he could get to the second hand store!
Why aren't there any walmarts in Afghanistan? Because there's a Target on every corner! 
A friend of mine was once employed in a pickle factory. One day, out of nowhere, he expressed a strong urge to stick his dick into the factory's pickle slicer. After a long, hard battle of will and self control, he comes home early one day to tell his wife the bad news: "I got fired for sticking my junk into the pickle slicer." -"What happened to the pickle slicer?" -"Oh, she got fired too."
The white one, because it's  . 
Because it wanted "to change". 
An avalanche. What do you call a bunch of Mexicans running down? A mud slide. What do you call a bunch of black people running down a hill? Jail break.
One is white and scares young children and the other is a ghost.
Sue
Justin Time. 
The dog, because when the dog gets in the house it stops bitching.
Muscletov.
...From all the Pharaoh moans.
His lips are moving.
I have no eye deer. (said with redneck twang)
At a dwarfanage
Because the wind blew him there.
Damn
The wheelchair
She kept throwing away all the W's.
A hybrid
The NBA.
He wiped his ass.
Nein!
One gets turned on and all wet when I speak to it.  The other is a voice activated sink.
A hot dog with ketchup at one end.
They are both "in-bread" Downvote me to hell if you want. This is my only joke.
Two. One to launch it, and one to watch CNN to find out where it landed.
With debate. 
The OBOE.
When its had it's Baaaaa-Mitzvah!
"It might take awhile for me to get hard, I got laid this morning"
Give them a bible
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe? Ruberto.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A Gummy bear.
Nothing, they just waved.
Of course, I also have the right ...
It's what the doctor does to heal you. For one you need 'oinkment', and for the other you need 'tweatment'. 
There's only 30 millions of Frenchmen on earth.
It never gets old.
In the beginning, you only need two hearts and a diamond. Later on, a club and a spade.
One day, 3 men died and went to heaven. A philosopher, a mathematician and an idiot. At the pearly gates, St. Peter told them that heaven is pretty crowded right now and that they have to past a test in order to gain admittance. He pointed to Satan who happens to be standing beside him and said " The test is to ask my friend Satan here a question he cannot answer ". So the philosopher stood up and said to Satan " Tell me the meaning of life! " Satan snaps his fingers and a stack of papers falls onto the philosopher's lap. He reads it a few times and admits defeat.   He goes to hell. Next up was the mathematician. He shouts at Satan " Give me the most complicated formula known to man ! ". Satan snaps his fingers as well and likewise, a stack of papers falls onto the mathematician's lap. He reads it and also admits defeat.   , he goes to hell. The the idiot waddles up to Satan and says " uhhhh... give me a chair and drill seven holes in it "  Satan raises an eyebrow and snaps his fingers. The chair appears and on it is seven perfect holes. The idiot then sits on the chair and lets rip a HUGE fart and says " uhhhhh.. which hole did my fart come out from? " Satan ponders for a moment and says " 3rd hole from the right ". The idiot replies " ummm. nope.. twas from my asshole ". And he goes to heaven. 
Dam!
Because he doesnt want anybody to know he is fucking the chicken.
Hebrews it.
Quack on quack crime.
They both like to paddle little, white balls.
Because their horns don't work! h/t to Big Mike, Tha Gangsta of Luv.
He was cleared of all charges.
It will be known as the itouch kids!
Looks like we got a tail.

Jesus doesn't have Mexicans tattooed all over him.
A dead parrot. 
... my face muscles
A hand-me-down.
I'msosaurus
A lawsuit!
...when he found out, the guy went nut.
Whereas the party of the first part, also known as "Lawyer", and the party of the second part, also known as "Light Bulb", do hereby and forthwith agree to a transaction wherein the party of the second part shall be removed from the current position as a result of failure to perform previously agreed upon duties, i.e., the lighting, elucidation, and otherwise illumination of the area ranging from the front (north) door, through the entryway, terminating at an area just inside the primary living area, demarcated by the beginning of the carpet, any spillover illumination being at the option of the party of the second part and not required by the aforementioned agreement between the parties.     The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not be limited to, the following.  The party of the first part shall, with or without elevation at his option, by means of a chair, stepstool, ladder or any other means of elevation, grasp the party of the second part and rotate the party of the second part in a counter-clockwise direction, this point being tendered non-negotiable.  Upon reaching a point where the party of the second part becomes fully detached from the receptacle, the party of the first part shall have the option of disposing of the party of the second part in a manner consistent with all relevant and applicable local, state and federal statutes. Once separation and disposal have been achieved, the party of the first part shall have the option of beginning installation.  Aforesaid installation shall occur in a manner consistent with the reverse of the procedures described in step one of this self-same document, being careful to note that the rotation should occur in a clockwise direction, this point also being non-negotiable. The above described steps may be performed, at the option of the party of the first part, by any or all agents authorized by him, the objective being to produce the most possible revenue for the Partnership.
Nah it's too cheesy!
This joke makes more sense if you can see it in person, but we'll give it a shot, anyway. Use your imagination. Why do the ladies love Jesus? Because he was hung like this!
He came out a wide receiver 
Every time i clap my hands.
Discreet uniform distribution
Rome.
Because he only comes once a year.
When the monkey wants its bum back? :D
Jack Daniels still killing Indians.
The bull has the horns in front and the asshole in the back. 
One day all the sparrows got together to fly south for the winter, the one little sparrow tells his buddies he's not ready to fly quite yet and to go on without him. About a week later it starts to get cold out, so the sparrow figures he better start his journey. As he is flying south it starts to rain, it is so chilly that the rain turns to ice and the sparrow falls down into a barn. A horse comes along and shits right on the sparrow. This actually starts warming the little bird up so he starts to sing.  A cat hears the sparrow and comes to see if the little bird needs help out, so the cat digs him out and eats him. The moral of the story is, not everyone who shits on you is your enemy, and not everyone who digs you out of shit is your friend, and if you're warm, safe, and happy... Shut the fuck up!
Because it's humerus.
Tequila.
Those are the wrong Sais
It keeps cumming and cumming and cumming.... 
Great sex interrupted by a period.

His mouth is moving.
Because there's a little good in everyone!
Eurapoopin.   -my daughter
One is a shift of wit and the other is a whiff of shit.
A cuddlefish! (corny I know)
Because of the vas deferens.
Rabbit farts. 
She gave herself a tonsillectomy, an appendectomy, a hysterectomy, and circumcised three of the doctors on her shift.
Ken came in a different box.
None. First they beat the room for being black, then they arrest the light bulb for being broke.
'Cause they're knee grows!
To get to the bottom
He had nothing left to chauffeur it.
The hot dogs taste like crap
Knot cool
He usually flies twice as high.
You can't gargle sand.
Jew...ish
It had a fear of Cometment 
No eye deer. What do you call a deer without any eyes or legs? Still no eye deer. What do you call a deer without eyes, legs, or genitals? Still no fucking eye deer.
When they wake up every morning.
A pilot you fucking racist!
Trick question, feminists can't change anything. 
To keep its nuts dry.
He was basically addicted.
A balaclava. 
unique up on it. :) How do you catch a tame bunny? The TAME way!!! favorite cheesy joke.
Well, you would too, if you had to change in front of that many people!
They both shafted minors in the 1980's.
I cant get hard, i just got laid  by the chicken. 
She heard there was a man laying bricks and she wanted to see it with her own eyes.
Bakin'!
One shucks between fits, and the other fucks between shits.
A homogeneous homo genius!
Pump-kin
Don't worry, they'll tell you. 
Little Caesars
Keep the tip
I usually don't remember anything I dream, and don't ever dream anything "creative."  However, I was sleeping on the couch with the TV on, so Idk; here it is: If I were a bear, I would walk around mauling the shit out of everyone.  When asked, "how can you commit such   murders," I would simply reply: "The fuck do I know, I'm a bear." Not even sure if it's as funny as I think, but has anyone ever encountered that one?
Garbage.
An attempted murder.
Because we got all the money back from the Jews.
Wooden poop.
Neither has he.
Disclaimer: I don't know how well this joke will work in english. What's yellow and lies in a pond? An excevator. You don't think this is funny? Neither does the operator.
A math problem.
He worked it out with a pencil.
I can go to sleep with the light on. 
I can't jelly my dick up your ass.
They take all the green cards.
They both get laid by Mexicans. 
Ground Beef
Outlaws are wanted.
When it starts talking to you again. 
It's a never ending story.
Joke Joke Jooooooooke.
A line of marathon runners
Bison
I have no eye deer. What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs. I still have no eye deer.
He farts.
Because we all want to achieve but are snuffed out in an unforgiving manner with our mangled corpse glued to the road and a futile attempt to be something more.  Another broken dream… it's omelet day boyos!
Wanna go bike riding?
De fishes
He drank hot chocolate before it was cool.
"Gouda worka"
...A guy goes into a nice restaurant bar wearing a shirt open at the collar and is met by a bouncer who tells him he must wear a necktie to gain admission. So the guy goes out to his car and he looks around for a necktie and discovers that he just doesn't have one. He sees a set of jumper cables in his trunk. In desperation he ties these around his neck, manages to fashion a fairly acceptable looking knot and lets the ends dangle free. He goes back to the restaurant and the bouncer carefully looks him over for a few minutes and then says, "Well, OK, I guess you can come in -- just don't start anything." ...This mushroom walks into a bar and starts hitting on this woman... She, of course, turns him down. Not willing, to give up, he pleads with her... "C'mon lady, I'm a fun guy..." ...This horse walks into a bar and the bartender says "Hey, buddy, why the long face... ...These two strings walk upto a bar... The first string walks in and orders and the bartender throws him out and yells "I don't serve strings in this bar... The other string ruffs himself up on the street and curls up and orders... The bartender shouts, Hey, didn't you hear what I told your buddy?" String says "Yeah." Bartender says, "aren't you a string?" ... String says, "No, I'm a frayed knot..." ...This grasshopper walks into a bar, and the bartender says "Hey! We have a drink named after you!" The grasshopper replies "Really? You have a drink named Steve?!" ...This baby seal walks into a bar and the bartender says,"What'll ya have..." The seal says, "Anything but a Canadian Club... ...This skeleton walks into a bar and says, "I'd like a beer and a mop..." ...A man walked into a bar and sat down next to a man with a dog at his feet. "Does your dog bite?" he asked. "No." A few minutes later the dog took a huge chunk out of the man's leg. "I thought you said your dog doesn't bite!" he said indignantly. The other guy replied, "That's not my dog." ...A neutron walks into a bar. "I'd like a beer" he says. The bartender promptly serves up a beer. "How much will that be?" asks the neutron. "For you?" replies the bartender, "no charge" ...Descartes walks into a bar, and the bartender asks "Would you like a beer?" Descartes replies "I think not" and POOF! he vanishes... ...A three legged dog walks into a bar and says, "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw..." ...A hamburger walks into a bar, and the bartenders says, "I'm sorry, but we don't serve food here..." ...A termite walks into a bar and says, "Is the bar tender here?" ...A snake slithers into a bar and the bartender says, "I'm sorry but I can't serve you." "Why not?" asks the snake. The bartender says, "Because you can't hold your liquor..." ...Baby seal walks into a club... what a tragedy... ...A guy walks into a bar. "OUCH!" he said... ...Two peanuts walked into a bar, and one was a-salted... ...Two vampires walked into a bar and called for the bartender. "I'll have a glass of blood," said one. "I'll have a glass of plasma", said the other. "Okay," replied the bartender, "that'll be one blood and one blood lite..." ...Two hydrogen atoms walk into a bar. One says, 'I think I've lost an electron.' The other says 'Are you sure?' The first says, 'Yes, I'm positive...' ...Two cartons of yogurt walk into a bar. The bartender, a tub of cottage chesse, says to them, "We don't serve your kind in here." One of the yogurt cartons says back to him, "Why not? We're cultured individuals." ...a man walked into a bar, sat down, and ordered a beer. As he sipped the beer, he heard a soothing voice say "nice tie!" Looking around he noticed that the bar was empty except for himself and the bartender at the end of the bar. A few sips later the voice said "beautiful shirt." At this, the man called the bartender over,"Hey...i must be losing my mind," he told the bartender. "I keep hearing these voices saying nice things, and there's not a soul in here other than us." "It's the peanuts" answered the bartender. "Say what?" "You heard me" said the barkeep."it's the peanuts... they're complimentary." ...Did you hear about the Buddhist who refused his dentist;s Novocain during root canal work because he wanted to transcend dental medication. ...Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak got chilly so they lit a fire in the craft but it sank proving once and for all you can't have your kayak and eat it too. ...Two boll weevils grew up in South Carolina; one went to Hollywood and became a famous actor while the other stayed behind in the cotton fields never amounting to much and became known as the lesser of two weevils. ...There was a man who entered a local paper's pun contest. He sent in ten different puns hoping at least one of the puns would win but, unfortunately, no pun in ten did. ...A woman has twins and gives them up for adoption. One goes to a family in Egypt and is named Amahl while the other goes to a family in Spain and is named Juan. Years later Juan sends a picture of himself to his birth mother and upon receiving the picture she tells her husband she wishes she also had a picture of Amahl. "But they're twins," says her husband, "If you've seen Juan you've seen Amahl." ...A group of chess enthusiasts checked into a hotel and were standing around in the lobby discussing their recent tournament victories. About an hour later the manager comes out of his office and asked them to disperse. "But why?", they asked as they moved along. "Because," said the manager, "I can't stand chess nuts boasting in an open foyer." ...It was a doctor's regular habit to stop off at a bar for a hazelnut daiquiri on his way home and, aware of his habit, the bartender would always have the drink waiting for him at precisely 5:18 PM. One afternoon as the end of the work-day neared the bartender was dismayed to find he was out of hazelnut extract but, thinking quickly, he threw together a daiquiri made with hickory nuts and set it on the bar. The doctor came in at his regular time, took one sip of the drink, then exclaimed: "This isn't a hazelnut daiquiri", to which the bartender replied, "No, I'm sorry, it's a hickory daiquiri, doc." ...A hungry lion was roaming through the jungle looking for something to eat when he came across two men; one was sitting under a tree reading a book while the other was typing away on his typewriter. The lion quickly pounced on the man reading the book and devoured him proving even the king of the jungle knows that readers digest and writers cramp. 
National Association for Dyslexics
A woman doesn't accept 3 1/2 inch floppies
Because sex cells.
Nothing, she was wearing mittens.
uunnnnnnnnnnnnngggggggggggggg!
Sore arms
If your parents force it on you too much as a child you won't like it as an  adult.
Because they had great stock options. 
They both like a tight seal. 
Cause I think I'll knead a little bit of dough to get by.
Dr Dre
Should it really be a lightbulb?
The MOMbo. 
Drown him in the mainstream.
Because the P is silent.
A little plaque.
They're both off and running.
You don't want it, but your dad gives it to you anyway. 
A spoilsport.
A carrot
A flat white.
Fruit salad.
Two. The hard part is getting them into the light bulb.
Gang rape.
"'jew gonna do anything with that, 'cause I can take it off your hands?"
Shit on their stick
They both moan like hell when they come, and take the house when they leave.
Definatly the   it spends all day going chink-chink-chink-SPIC-nigga-nigga-nigga
"The sky's the limit for you".
An orcastra
No boos for me. 
NOTHING I FUCKING HATE IT!
feed us fetus fajitas! I hope that joke was shitty enough to make you laugh.  Inspired from this post in no context  
Drops it like it's hot.
Braille for SUCK ME.
An impasta
Because they don't C# 
His dick tastes like shit.
10-4 Good Buddy!
A little boy goes to his dad and asks, "What is politics?" Dad says, "Well son, let me try to explain it this way: I'm the breadwinner of the family, so let's call me capitalism. Your Mom, she's the administrator of the money, so we'll call her the Government. We're here to take care of your needs, so we'll call you the people. The nanny, we'll consider her the Working Class. And your baby brother, we'll call him the Future. Now, think about that and see if that makes sense," So the little boy goes off to bed thinking about what dad had said. Later that night, he hears his baby brother crying, so he gets up to check on him. He finds that the baby has severely soiled his diaper. So the little boy goes to his parents' room and finds his mother sound asleep. Not wanting to wake her, he goes to the nanny's room. Finding the door locked, he peeks in the keyhole and sees his father in bed with the nanny. He gives up and goes back to bed. The next morning, the little boy says to his father, "Dad, I think I understand the concept of politics now." The father says, "Good son, tell me in your own words what you think politics is all about." The little boy replies, "Well, while Capitalism is screwing the Working Class, the Government is sound asleep, the People are being ignored and the Future is in deep shit."
It hurts when IP.
Pessimist Prime
Crack-a-lacking
Only one, but the light bulb has to want to change. 
..... Decalfinated.
It's their wedding night and a redneck couple are getting ready to have sex for the first time.  As the bride is getting ready in the bathroom she tells her husband Bobby Joe to take it "easy on her, on accounts that she is a virgin and all".  "BAM!!" as she hears the door on the trailer slam then watches as Bobby Joe speeds off in the truck.. Bobby Joe is completely distraught and decides to head on over to his pa's house.  He bangs on the door and his pa sees that he is upset "What's wrong boy?".  Bobby Joe tells his pa, "Me and Mindy Lou was getting ready to have sex when she done told me she was a dang virgin!".  Pa breathes a sigh of relief and puts his arm around his son and says "Boy, if she wasn't good enough for her own family, she aint good enough for ours".
Condom-Mints
Neither did she. 
My donation check to Feed the Children!
You may think it's arr, but they are truly in love with the sea!
A banana-nana-nana Got it on a popsicle stick. Laughed for way too long.
Fish. I got this from bash.org a long time ago, but I can't find the original post, so have this 
So she could moan with the other.
A light bulb weighs about 50g and a single ant can lift about .2g, so it takes somewhere around 250 ants working together.
Copies.
Just two, but I dunno how they got in there.
None. They're all to busy beating the room for being black!
twatstika.
A Likalotapus.
Ten-ish.
The passenger list.
The midget geniuses are cunning runts.
While in the playground with his friend, Little Johnny noticed that Jimmy was wearing a brand new, shiny watch. "Did you get that for your birthday?" asked Little Johnny. "Nope." replied Jimmy. "Well, did you get it for Christmas then?". Again Jimmy says "Nope." "You didn't steal it, did you?" asks Little Johnny. "No," said Jimmy.  "I went into Mom and Dad's bedroom the other night when they were 'doing the nasty'. Dad gave me his watch to get rid of me. Little Johnny was extremely impressed with this idea, and extremely jealous of Jimmy's new watch. He vowed to get one for himself. That night, he waited outside his parents' bedroom until he heard the unmistakable noises of lovemaking. Just then, he swung the door wide open and boldly strode into the bedroom. His father, caught in mid stroke, turned and said angrily. "What do you want now?" "I wanna watch," Johnny replied. Without missing a stroke, his father said, "Fine. Stand in the corner and watch, but keep quiet."
The football player   
None, they are too busy beating the shit out the room for being black.
A loose Canon.
"You have a severe case of meningitis."
Romney supporters sign their checks on the front. Obama supporters sign their checks on the back.
A seizure salad.
Cross country.
OH SNaP!
The box a penis comes in ;)
They traded loads
Pick Six
Abundance.
Because they think we care.
It doesn't matter (go ahead and down vote :P)
None. It should be opened by the time she brings it.
Talk in your sleep.
Bunny farts.
Its significant  .
Dr Dre.......

Because it takes them so much longer to say "Kaaa-WIT!"
Anything but Canadian Club..
Well hung.
I can't jelly my dick in you ass.
Depends how hard you throw them.
A visitor
Batman can go out at night without Robin.
I ate too many chickpeas, now I falafel.
The car light comes on
What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer?
How do you make a cat sound like a dog?  Pour gasoline on it and set it on fire : WOOF! How do you make a dog sound like a cat? Freeze it and put it thru a table saw: meeeeooooow
What's   fastest thing in the world?
To be sure, to be sure.
One. ONE!! And do you know WHY it only takes ONE? Because no one else in this house knows HOW to change a light bulb. They don't even know the bulb is BURNED OUT. They would sit in this house in the dark for THREE DAYS before they figured it OUT. And once they figured it out they wouldn't be able to find the light bulbs despite the fact that they've been in the SAME CUPBOARD for the past SEVENTEEN YEARS. But if they did, by some miracle, find the light bulbs, TWO DAYS LATER the chair that they dragged from two rooms over to stand on to change the STUPID light bulb would STILL BE IN THE SAME SPOT!!!!!!! AND UNDERNEATH IT WOULD BE THE CRUMPLED WRAPPER THE STUPID LIGHT BULBS CAME IN. WHY??? BECAUSE NO ONE IN THIS HOUSE EVER CARRIES OUT THE GARBAGE!!!! IT'S A WONDER WE HAVEN'T ALL SUFFOCATED FROM THE PILES OF GARBAGE THAT ARE 12 FEET DEEP THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE HOUSE. THE HOUSE!! THE HOUSE!!! IT WOULD TAKE AN ARMY TO CLEAN THIS...
He claims 47% of the U.S. as dependents. 
He'll tell you. 
It's an obscure number, you wouldn't know it.
Mark loses an arm in a car accident. He becomes so depressed that he decides to commit suicide by jumping off of a building. As Mark is about to jump, he looks down and sees a man, with both arms amputated, dancing on the street.  Confused, Mark goes down and asks him: "Excuse me, I'm just curious as to why you are dancing with joy when you have lost both of your arms. Whereas, I'm about to kill myself after losing just one?" The man looks back at Mark and says: "I'm not dancing... I have to scratch my back."
No mom. The smell is incense, my eyes are red from browsing reddit for hours, and I'm just keeping that unicorn here until Tim comes back from Florida.
Beef Stroganoff
It was mass murder. 
You know what, never mind.  I don't want to spread it around.
Lickalotapus
BARACK-oli. Courtesy of my friend Abraham.
Early critics say the food is good, but there's no atmosphere.
She wasn't wearing her seatbelt.
A chicken and an egg are lying in bed. The chicken is leaning against the headboard smoking a cigarette with a satisfied smile on its face. The egg, looking a bit ticked off, grabs the sheet, rolls over and says ... "Well, I guess we finally answered THAT question!"
A sheep.
A dead rabbit with a beat-up asshole.
Pants. 
Stew!
Dust for Fresh Prints! (i this version better than any snowstorm b.s.)
You take a pocketknife and scrape off some of the paint on the hood. If it's a real Ferrari... someone will kick your ass.

The wrinkles.
There was a man teaching the children's Sunday school class, and his lesson was on resurrection. The man asks the kids if they know what the word resurrection means. After a long silence a little boy in the back of the room raises his hand and says "Well I don't know what it is but I know that if it lasts more than 4 hours, you have to go see a doctor."
Take notes.
White Vans. 
You just hang here, Ill go on ahead
The wheelchair.
don't they know the black one runs faster?
A lot of people think that Saudi Arabians are uninformed. What do you expect? They live under Iraq (a rock).
Sometimes you have to slay a few dragons before you get to the princess
Wave!
None. They just beat the room for being black.
Because they had their shit packed the night before
Magikarp. So he can take Jasmine to a Magikarpet Ride.
A brunette with bad breath.
He lost it back in the 'Nom War

A pussy makes your cock feel nice and makes you cum, a cunt is who owns the pussy.
A 'buff'alo
Get off me homes!
Sheep.
Spoiled milk.
Because two wongs don't make a white!
A slut sleeps with everyone. A bitch sleeps with everyone but you.
Wooden shoe like me to tell you. [Props to my 8-year-old daughter for this one]
Cause you Israeli hot. My go-to joke at parties. 
That's what I call my crotch.
First-AIDS
Running through a field of dead babies and getting your toe stuck in an eye socket.
"It's going to take me a while to get hard, I just got laid by this chick"
Everyone has the same DNA.
The giraffe put him up to it.
Because they are plugged into a fucking know-it-all. 
Because they worship prophets!
google maps.
I came early.
Ask Apple.
Xu wong
I can't jelly a dick in your ass
Anusteaseology.
He drank the coffee before it was cool...
Roberto.
You take the "S" out of "safe" and the "F" out of "way".
A Nectarine! What's a vampire bat's favorite dog breed? The blood hound! 

"Well, if you hadn't been so fresh last night, we wouldn't have ended up in this jam!"
He shaterpillar.
BECASE IT'S ATTACHED TO YOUR HUMERUS
Damn
I don't know, let me go check my Facebook feed.
Turn it over.
Dr. Dre.
Eva Brown!
'cause he was too far out man!
First: I agree that   should not be censored. However, the presentation of this important idea in the sidebar here is groan-worthy. It sounds like it was written by a rebellious 13-year-old rather than a professional moderator who believes in the principle of free speech. Some quick highlighting: "Note: If you are offended by a joke, you have two options: You can   and understand this is a subreddit dedicated to jokes, OR You can go to   and   Or the newly created  .  These are jokes. Some of them are old, and as such reflect the tone of the times. Some of them are new, and just as offensive.   Unless it's spam, it stays." All of this could have been said with some eloquence and taste that would demonstrate our respect for freedom. Instead, it makes us all sounds very insecure and condescending. This language would in no way convince an outsider who wants to see some jokes banned; it instead only strokes the ego of those who already believe in these principles. I suggest we reevaluate how we present ourselves and our principles to the world.
You can't eat normal blood with a fork. 
The same thing Arkansas!
Jap-pennies
...mainly SMALL ARMS.
Nothing because I'm a good parent.
Kick a little kid in the jaw.
A monk joins an abbey ready to dedicate his life to copying ancient books by hand. After the first day though, he reports to the head priest. He's concerned that all of the monks have been copying from copies made from still more copies. "If someone makes a mistake," he points out. "It would be impossible to detect. Even worse, the error would continue to be made." A bit startled, the priest decides that he better check their latest effort against the original which is kept in a vault beneath the abbey. A place only he has access to. Two days, then three days pass without the priest resurfacing. Finally the new monk decides to see if the priest is alright. When he gets down there though, he finds the priest hunched over both a newly copied book and the ancient original text. He is sobbing and by the look of things has been sobbing for a long time. "Father?" the monk whipsers. "Oh Lord Jesus," the priest wails." "The word is 'celebrate!'"
Because of the pepper spray.
Because 7 is a sand-nigger. 
Oh sheet!!
He's hung like this. (Stretch out arms.) Really one that you have to tell in person, but it's my favorite. 
Someone who shows up to your door for no reason. 
Because 7 was a registered 6 offender.
He forgot the safe word. 
Because their knee grows!
It was a blast
He burnt his lips on the exhaust pipe.
None, they have machines for that these days
A pair of pliers
Ireland: More bars in more places
what did the baby corn say to momma corn?  where is popcorn.
Because his dick was in the chicken.
He wiped his butt. 
this just in
Over Do-se-do.
He had  .
Orientation.
They're both fucking close to water.
Staple a frog to his forehead
Because all the ones who can run, jump or swim are ready in the US. 
That you   to fart.
Just one. But it takes 3 episodes.
♪Knock, knock, knockin on Heavens door♪
He died instantly. 
He's always getting nailed to the boards.
Brenda
It's for cereal.
Well, you'd blubber too if you had to eat whale meat.
Right where you left it. 
Moo-thai. 
Because B shells are to small and D shells are to big. 
Eclipse it!
Hebrews it.
He'll give you a Bro-Job.
Because she was wearing mittens.
Taiwon Shou.
Bob Barker
C4
a spigot.
Because the seaweed.
Because thats the only place that King Mino's touches them!
It scares the hell out of the dog
Ew no, she might get pregnant that way.
They tell you.
The KKK dresses in white and scares the hell out of black people, the Supreme Court dresses in black and scares the hell out of white people.
Very blight.
Thankfully there were no souls on board.
Just two.
A police horse.
She was a woman
They found him dead the next day in his tea pee.
Christopher Reeve at a strip club.
  because he was hung like this
Because they are fucking worth it!
Somebody shot her.
She had no arms. Knock knock Who's there?  Obviously not Sally 
sexy children
I 'ardly know 'im!
everywhere
designer genes
Heblew
Open the door, hand him the cash and take the pizza
Freedom
A cat has claws at the end of it's paws, a comma has a pause and the end of it's clause.
'Twas rated Argggghhhhh!!!!
...Nothing, because he was jewish.
Because it can swim 
None. Hippies only screw in tents.
Their snooze button only lasts 6 minutes.
An impasta.
Virgin Mobile.
A pilot, you racist.
Potatoe 
A pilot, you racist bastards.
It was the Battle of the A'la Mode.
a pitbull will eventually let it go
Because he was pissed off.
A two-knee fish! (works better when you're drunk)
Oh you know, it has its prose and cons. Badum Tish. Be gentle, first time here.
with a look over your shoulder.
Cancer.
3/5
Red paint :)
Something you throw a wabbits.
Receiving a blowjob from a cannibal
KNOCK, KNOCK  WHO'S THERE? 9/11. 9/11 WHO? WHAT? I THOUGHT WE NEVER FORGOT
I'm a big fan.
i dont know how long its going to take me to get hard i just got laid by a chick
they both put thirty year old meat in five year old buns
A blonde woman is tired of people assuming she's stupid and dyes her hair red. Feeling empowered, she goes for a car ride down a country road. Soon she sees a farm with hundreds of sheep. She walks up to the owner of the farm and makes this proposal: "These sheep are adorable, if I guess how many there are, can I keep one?" The farmer agrees, surely out of all the sheep this woman can't guess the number exactly. She looks around and replies "There are 593 sheep" The farmer is awe-struck, the number was exactly right. So the woman picks her sheep and is getting back in the car when the farmer runs up to her and yells "WAIT! If I can guess your natural color can I have him back?" The woman smiles and agrees, she already proved she's too smart to be called a blonde. The farmer replies "you're a blonde, now can I have my dog back?"
My local diner was having a promotion where you peeled a sticker off of your drink and got whatever was on the other side. As I sat down to my breakfast I saw this girl stand up yelling "I won a RV" The manager came over and said that that wasn't possible and that the biggest prize available was a cheeseburger. The girl then says "it says right here 'winnebago' the RV company"When the manager looked at the sticker he said "Miss, it doesn't say 'Winnebago' it says 'win a BAGEL'
If the rubber brakes, you're screwed.
3 men are on a small cargo ship crossing the sea, man 1 is Italian, man 2 is Indian and man 3 is British. Everything is running smoothly until the ship runs aground on the sea floor. The captain says "quick we need to shed weight so i need you to throw some stuff overboard, i suggest something you have lots of in your country". In a blind panic they all rush to find stuff to throw over. Man 1 returns with a sack of spaghetti and a sack of tomatoes and man 2 returns with a sack of rice and a sack of spices. They both throw their sacks over and turn to Man 3, "what are you throwing over" they ask. "I don't know" says the British man, the Indian turns and says "well you must have something on this ship that you have lots of in your country". The British man perks up and says "you know what, I do". He turns to the Indian, picks him up and throws him overboard.    

Because then they would be bay-gulls.
When I was a kid we used to call people in the phone book with funny names. One unfortunate person was named Lipschitz.  We'd call and ask, "Is this Lipschitz?"  When he/she said "Yes," we would reply, "Well, if your lip shits, my ass whistles!" Any other good ones from days of the past?
Be on the lookout for a small medium at large.
Militia Etheridge.
You get your house back, your dog back, your wife back, and you sober up.
Propertea
Vodka does not freeze
None... they live an ascetic lifestyle and prefer to not use electricity.

3.14159265358979323846.....
The Fig Newton.
Sandwiches. 
Pass the Parcel in a Belfast Pub.
Q: How do you get a giraffe in the refrigerator? Q: The King of the animals holds a big meeting and all of the animals are there except one, who's not there? Q: Three adventurers come to a crocodile invested river that they must cross, how do they get across? A: They swim. All the crocodiles are at the meeting.
Call her up and tell her where you are.
It's gonna take me a while to get hard, I just got laid by some chick.
Because she forgot her seatbelt.
My Bologna had a first name.
When you reach for the Preparation H and accidentally grab the Ben-Gay
Fur traders.
Half of a cat.
They both change their pads after three periods. 
Here teacher said to go home and do her "essay".
when your a system admin, and your server if tipped could destroy many websites.
It would of scared the shit out of the dog.
Because I put one in last night and it was dead this morning.
to get to the bottom!
√4 the home team
It's a center for lightly battered women.
Because if they went forward they'd fall in the boat.
Put him in a wood chipper and listen to him go "meeeooowwww"
Word is he's down to about four butts a day.
Bison.
The picture only needs one nail to hold up.
Some nights, I don't know.
Whats worse than finding a worm in your apple?.... the holocaust 
None, cops aren't afraid of the dark.
DOUCHE!!!!
Make seizure salad!
... either way, someone is losing a trailer.
A gangbang
Nothing.
A bull.
Green paint.
Convincing their family to consent to it!
Up his sleevies.
When it's AJAR!
No whey!
throw a bunch of pocket change in the middle of town. How do u tell who is the richest person in that village? Find the person who gathered the most change.
TWOOO PLANES!!
Stop fallowing me!
Light Blue. 
Q: How Many New Yorkers Does it Take to Screw in a Light Blub? A: None - they all jump out of the building when it gets too hot Not the best, I admit. But yeah - top that.
In his lab!
That one broke the ice. Reddit I come to you with a request - Do you have any good ice breaker jokes? Better than the one I just used? This is because I have used that one for almost 3 years now and it might be wearing thin on it's life of being funny. The only other one I have heard is (From reddit today - not twelve hours ago): Do you know how many Hydrogen bonds I can disrupt?  Enough to break the ice.
They're calling it "On and on Anon".
You can't milk a cow for 11 years.
An out-of-work actor gets a call from his agent one day. "I’ve got you a job," says his agent. "That’s great," says the actor, what is it?" "Well," says his agent, "it’s a one-liner" "That’s okay," replies the actor, "I’ve been out of work for so long I’ll take anything. What’s the line?" "Hark, I hear the cannons roar" says the agent. "I love it" says the actor "When’s the audition?" "Wednesday" says the agent. Wednesday comes and the actor arrives at the audition. He marches on stage and shouts: "Hark, I hear the cannons roar". "Brilliant," says the director, "you’ve got the job. Be here 9 o’clock Saturday evening." The actor is so happy he got the job that he goes on a major bender. He wakes up at 8:30 Saturday evening and runs to the theatre continually repeating his line; "Hark, I hear the cannons roar, hark, I hear the cannons roar, hark, I hear the cannons roar." He arrives at the stage entrance, out of breath and is stopped by the guard. "Who the hell are you?" asks the guard. "I’m "hark, I hear the cannons roar." "If you’re "hark I hear the cannons roar", you’re late. Get up to makeup right now!" So he runs up to makeup. "Who the hell are you" asks the makeup girl. "I’m "hark I hear the cannons roar."" "If you’re hark I hear the cannons roar", you’re late. Sit down here." And she applies the makeup. "Now quick, get down to the stage, you’re about to go on." He dashes down to the stage. "Who the hell are you?" asks the stage manager. "I’m "hark, I hear the cannons roar."" "You’re "hark, I hear the cannons roar?" Get out there, the curtain’s about to go up." He tears onto the stage. The curtains rise, the house is full. Suddenly there is an almighty bang behind him, and the actor shouts "WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT?"
A tresumé.
The hotdogs smell like shit. 
He wasn't koalafied!
Everytime the car stops, she wants to jump in the backseat.
New Yorkers. Some can go through 110 stories in 5 seconds
because he was full of BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOS!
Q: What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball? A: [Sound effect - - gagging noises]
What do you do ? When you cum across a tiger? Zip up and run like hell!
Your bicycle.
A snow-blower that doesn't work.
Because every time his wife gets hot he beats her with a shovel.
Anether(another) Nether
Topic.
He prefers them shaken, not stirred.
Dudddeee.....your dicks out!
September 19th is international talk like a pirate day, and I would love to hear all of your guys best pirate jokes. Here is mine: Why do pirates have trouble learning the alphabet? Because they spend years at Sea!

The steaks are just too high.
An Instagram
Some obscure number you probably never heard of.
Because it's not the same three holes over and over again. 
Because he was charged with battery.
You can only fit one asshole in a pair of Dockers.
Decaffeinated
Aren't they themselves a carry-on?
Princess Diana wouldn't be caught dead in a Lexus...
They've both had a downy inside em.
It got old pretty fast. (I know, it's awful).
one is a superhero and the other is a command.
His Third Treich.
I need some jokes for class and they don't have to be funny. Thanks and make sure they are about Russia or Stalin. Edit: Thanks for all the jokes! I'll use some of them for sure.
... he shat-a-pillar.
Wrecked'em. Damn near killed him.
There's no sunlight in the closet.
A very drunk man hops onto a bus one evening and sits behind the driver. At the next stop, a very pretty woman gets on. In a rather fast manner, the driver says "Tickle your ass with a feather babe?"  She says, "What did you just say?!?!" "Awfully nice weather we're having to day." "Oh... yes, very true" The drunk man can't believe what he just saw, and thought it was hilarious. He doesn't say anything just yet, though. At the next stop, an even prettier woman gets on. "Tickle your ass with a feather babe?" "WHAT THE HELL?!?" "Awfully nice weather we're having today" "Oh. Yeah, sure, I guess." The drunk man is on the verge of losing it at this point and lets the driver know. "Man, that's so funny, I love it!" "Well, why don't you try it?" "No, man, I'm way too smashed." "Go ahead, try it!" "Ok man, I'll give it a try." They reach the last spot, and one of the most beautiful women in the world is standing there, waiting on the bus. As she begins to grace everyone on the bus with her presence, the drunk man makes his move. "Hey, you!" "Yes?" "You think it's gonna rain?" "What?" "You wanna fuck?"
An hour 5 minutes for the Ramen noodles and foil. 55 minutes to fix the squeaky shopping cart wheel.
An old woman was sipping on a glass of wine, while sitting on the patio with her husband, and she says. "I love you so much, I don't know how I could ever live without you" Her husband asks, "Is that you or the wine talking?" ... She replies, "It's me... talking to the wine."
Just one more.
Only two more sleeps until christmas.
Don't worry, they'll let you know.
In One Direction. 
None. That light bulb fell down the stairs.
A Cunt stubble
Because they're a diamond dozen
None. They just beat the room for being black.
There were no survivors.
Apparently he was outstanding in his field. [modified repost]
Fill a pot with water and boil the hell out of it.
Because they lacked porpoises.
Babe Ruthless
if so, how did you get their little legs apart?
Boo bee
Sock puppets... -credit to Daniel Tosh
Yeah, he just came out of the cupboard.
The blondes were throwing hand grenades, and the brunettes were pulling the pins and throwing them back.
They both go down for the count!!
MOM: Make your bed!  KID: Why make my bed if I'm gonna sleep in it again tonight?  MOM: Why wipe your ass if your gonna poop again?  KID: O_O
A semicolon. 
A stick
Because 7 was black. 
Here's mine:  What do you call a dead Mexican?  Dearly deported.
There's only one Bender in Futurama
HIV
Bean-laden
Because a sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.
PGA Tour.
Luke Warm
Get out of my son.
They got pissed off. 
Raggedy Ann setting on Pinocchio's face screaming,"Lie to me, lie to me."
Called "Sub-Mitt"?  
Many hands make light work. 
They had reservations.
Nothing, They were both stuck-up bitches.
When he eats his first Brownie.?
Because he is dead. 
Search and Destroy.
Big holes all over Australia!
A filling station!
68, because any faster and you'll flip over and eat it.
she got ripped in half by a giant crab.. 
What do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking? Slow down, and use more lube.
Def Leppard.
gas
You feed 'em shit and keep 'em in the dark.
Genoslide.
Get off me Pa you're crushing my Copenhagen!
When you exit a museum, you trigger the alarm.
Their balls will show.
forget it once.
So crabs can go bungee jumping
You can negotiate with a terrorist. 
You can negotiate with the terrorist. 
A dead baby sitting next to a kid with downsyndrome.
He's all right though.
Because he's only human.
A Chinese restaurant's newest entree! 
A veterinarian
Cause the it would be a foot!
G,Esus.
Nothing, you've already told her.
It makes you look hard
Any other stereotypical job/industry comments/jokes would also be greatly appreciated (even though they're groan-inducing). Thanks (in advance)!
A computer only has to have information punched into it once.
erotic is when you use a feather, kinky is when you use the whole chicken
He ate pizza before it was cool
Bush hog.
A pilot, you f'n racist!!
The taste!
No more blowjobs.
If you absolutely had to, you could eat the bowling ball.
What color to paint the ceiling.
They both have wet noses.
bunny farts
None because they pee sitting down.
Carlos
raw raw raw raw raw
The wheelchair.
Crib-death
Shit in her cunt.
The wheelchair.
He wiped.
Rady O'Gaga
a pastatute lol
Fish and ships
There's twenty of them!
not alot. (Just thought of it, tell me what you think :) )
They all went down on a President. 
Both are fucking close to water.
"You can't gentrify this place! I just moved here!"
100; 1 to do it, and 99 to say "I could do that."
To see the Gash
You can beat an egg.
They both stop working when you take their chains off. Edit: Oh, I'm sorry. I thought this was America. By the way, got this from AskReddit.
Entering the friend zone.
She can fit into your wife's clothes.
One, you racist!
I don't fuck a sandwich before I eat it
A fruit roll-up
Don't look! I'm changing!
Keep the tip!
So they can hide in apple trees.  What's the loudest noise in the jungle? A giraffe eating apples. 
Completely Useless By September
The diarrhea of Anne Frank.
Ripostes
Barack Obama is not a Jew. We think.
Give him a used tampon and ask which period it came from.
Both have a great place to go but at a terrible time.
Because he doesn't think it matters if you make it or not.
A bra.
nothing, they were both stuck up bitches.
Mick Jagger sings “eh you, get offa mai cloud”, but the Scottish farmer says “eh McLeod, get offa mai ewe!
Pun-fu fighting
A tourist.
He was fingering A minor.
Gerald Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzgerald
Because seven days makes a hole weak.
My job still sucks
Because they're hard to iron.

Three construction workers are standing on top of a newly built skyscraper. One of them turns to the others and says:  "I realy need to pee, but the toilets are not functional yet and I don't feel like walking down 20 stories."  "I know what to do", says an other one:  "We will put a plank over the edge of the rooftop. You can stand on the one end and take a piss and us two at the other end as a counterbalance, so you won't drop."  Only after the two have sworn many tims that they would't let him fall the first worker agrees and gets on the overlapping end of the plank...  ...just as the horn for lunchbreak blows.                                                                                                 20 stories deeper a young worker runs to the boss.  "Boss! Boss!"  "What?"  "Do homosexuals fly?"  "What kind of a dumb question is that?"  "I just looked up to the sky and saw a man coming down, holding his penis and screaming: Where are those assholes!"
Names.
the could spend years at sea
My cock while doing it.
Because when people fall off of 'em, they yell AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLPPPP!!!!!!!!
2 calves, an ass, a beaver, a whole bunch of hairs, and a fish that you just can't seem to find
because his dick was stuck in the chicken
Dam.

Not even, homes
See you next month!
Drool
It could be   your bike. EDIT: Spelling.
Iceberg :D
It's gonna take me a while to get hard, I just came out of this chick.
The Vice President takes over. What happens when the Vice President dies? The Speaker of the House takes over. What happens when the Speaker of the House dies? You go to Radio Shack and buy a new speaker.
Cover me, i'm going in.
You go on ahead. I'll give these two a lift. Edit: Someone didn't like the word guys in it
Well, that was an unexpected twist!
People who comment "repost" on a Joke subreddit.
I won't digest yet.
Stand back! I don't know how big this thing gets.
because all good kitchen appliances come in white.
Because he D-D-D-D-DROPPED THE BABY.
John. John who? John proceeds to break into tears as his mother's alzheimers has progressed to the point where she doesn't even remember him.
Don't worry, they'll tell you.
A Bear trap.
Fucks funny
None, they're all stuck up bitches.
Apparently he got a little behind in his orders.
A plane bagel.
Because the last time they shunned a child molester, he started Islam.
By moving the trees closer together.
He could tell all his friends he had a threesome!
Nothing, you already told her twice 
Welp.... I guess it's back to jerking off!
Want to go out with me and Di tonight?
Wipe it off and say sorry!
Because she wasn't wearing her seatbelt.
Necrotizing Fascists.
... He had foam on the range.
Nothing.  She's dead.
Depends on how hard you throw them.
You go on ahead, I'll just hang around.
of course you don't.
Two brothers are terrible trouble makers. They are always breaking things, stealing things, lying, and making all kinds of general trouble. The parents have tried everything to get the boys to change, to no avail. Finally, out of options, they ask their pastor if he can help. He says he will talk to the boys, but only one at a time. The parents drop off the youngest and go home, promising to return to get him soon. The boy sits in a chair across from the pastor's desk and they just look at each other. Finally, the Pastor says, "Where is God?" The boy just sits there and doesn't answer. The pastor begins to look stern and loudly says, "Where is God?" The little boy shifts in his seat, but still doesn't answer. The pastor is starting to get angry at the boy's refusal to converse and practically shouts "Where is God?" To  the pastor's surprise, the little boy jumps up out of his chair and runs out of the office. The boy leaves the church and runs all the way home, up the stairs and into his brother's room. He shuts the door and pants, "We're in BIG TROUBLE. God's missing and they think we did it!"
When you are eating watermelon .
Park in it, man. 
Too many Thank You notes to write.
Son :How much does it cost to get married, Dad?            Father:I don't know, son, I'm still paying for it.           Son :Is it true, Dad, that I heard that in ancient China, a man        doesn't know his wife until he marries?           Father:That happens everywhere, son, EVERYWHERE.
Bugs Bunny
Little Debbie, everybody eats her.
Meals on wheels.
How to put it in a box of Ding Dongs.
When you reach for the Preparation H but accidentally grabbed a BenGay.
Equine.
They're book-keepers.
You don't pay her.
For bird flu you need tweetment, for swine flu you need oinkment.
He would have won if he had just a little more thyme.
None.
A birth certificate states the sex.
Spicket fence.
A person that lays awake late at night and ponders if there's such a thing as a dog.
He had a high MIDI-chlorian count. Test.
Putting them back in the wheelchair when you're done.
Slap a nipple on it.
He had no more pane
Shoving 12 oysters up your grandmothers vagina and sucking out 13.
'Hi girls!'
In his sleevies.
He kneaded the dough!
No Eye-deer
She goes down on you and you owe her one
Boo-bees! 
Flip the stool over. 
No? Well it's very underground right now.
Through the windshield
He turns tight ends into wide receivers 
CUZITHODZITFOMFOPIN.
Stevie Wonder answering the iron
Melt them down, turn them into a tire, call it a Good/Year.
I-HOP
Virgins.
It's not finished yet.
He was just a nerdy digger.
Doesn't matter, its not going to come anyways
His hand caught on fire.
Because people are just dying to get in!
I can't believe I blew ten bucks in there. 
Decalfinated.
She had no arms. ~ Knock knock. Not Sally
The guy who gave it to the pitbull.
An udder failure.
No idea, No ones ever tried.
Different Strokes
Awwlllll!
Throw in a load of laundry.
He regained his sight in ICU.
Second man:  uhh... I give up
Ground beef.
Both fun to ride just don't let your friends see you doing it.
Beef jerky.
Give him a bloody tampon and ask him what period its from.
A racket.
Both fun to ride just don't let your friends see you doing it.
Beef jerky.
Give him a bloody tampon and ask him what period its from.
A racket.
Wuh-wuh-wuh-one.
Cut off your head.
Tequila.
Scares the living shit outa their dogs!
Seizure salad.
Both their last greatest hits was the wall.
Bacon! Get it?
7up in cider.
Cuz all that can run, jump or swim have got their ass over here.
Nothing they were both stuck up cunts. 
You're golden retriever. 
They're right we do taste like chicken!
An Amish drive by shooting
They both die in tunnels
He heard they had a tight seal
Two. One to screw in the light bulb and one to sell oranges by the side of the highway.
They both want to make money off of other people's work!
The prostitute- she can wash her crack and resell it.
The oven doesn't fart when you take the meat out. 
with WOOFilin
It's a sin to put it in, but it's a shame to take it out.
Salad shooter.
Depends.
Four Skindivers.
The constellation prize.
Because the friar rises!
Two. One to eat it, another to look out for traffic!
It's some weird number. You probably never heard of it.
Who the hells been dressing me all these years?
The tube sock under my bed.
Because there's no snow between the kitchen and the bedroom..
Boy Scouts come back from their camps.
well many how???
It doesn't matter how many you get, because all they'll do is sit around complaining about how misogynistic the use of the word "screw" is.
Roberto
He didn't either.
An algae-bra!
You tell him that the princess is in another castle.
VAGINA PECTORIS!
...and the dashboard, the windshield, and the hood of the car too
I always enjoy a good joke told as if it actually happened to the person telling it. Know any good ones?
so I was on my way to work the other day and on my way there I ran over a pig idk what I should do sick left it and went to work. when I got there they put me on front register. About an hour into my shift a cop comes in and asks is dr.zoobileezoo working today I say yeah that's me he asks did anything strange happen on your way to work today I told him well actually I hit a pig He proceeds to hand me a ticket saying its a fine for 200 for hitting a pig I asked how he knew it was me he answered  "cuz the pig squealed"
There's 20 of em'
The letter M
You can hide your own easter eggs.
didn't see that coming..
Put him in a wood chipper and listen to him go "meeeeowwww".
They both can smell it, but can't eat it.
POKE-MON!
Because a and b shells are too small.
He got his gas bill
She looked very Theroux-ly.
A canoe tips.
Kick a little boy in the jaw.
A redditor was participating in a foreign exchange program and a man from a distant country that has only two types of livestock, goats and sheep, is coming to stay with him. The foreigner has never even seen modern society. However, he has an exceptional talent for cooking. It is a skill that comes naturally to him. ( For the sake of the joke he also knows English.) So, the foreigner arrived at the redditor's house and was overjoyed to finally meet him. He was so happy he insisted on making a very special dinner. The redditor agreed, and walked him through the layout of the kitchen and the cooking supplies. The redditor then left for work, and told his new roomie he would be back in 5 hours. The foreigner whipped up this delicious dinner. It was phenomenal. Nothing ever smelled better, and when the redditor arrived home he inquired about the intoxicating aroma of goodness coming from his oven.  "Chicken." Says the foreigner. The redditor is intrigued, for he had never smelled chicken like this before. They sit down for their meal. The redditor was starving, and it was the best chicken he had ever eaten. The dish did still seem a bit peculiar, but it didn't matter. He savored every last morsel, with a reluctance to finish eating, fearing it may soon be all gone. When he was done and the foreigner had had his fill, the redditor thanked him for being so generous. " When I found your chicken I just had to cook it, I had never seen one before, but I heard it was quite popular." Said the foreigner. " I never bought any chicken. I have a cat named Chicken." "What the fuck is a cat?"
Dad says: "You are my son, I'm confident about that. Your friend over there, is also my son, THAT is confidential. 
A microwave doesn't brown your meat.
Because he might fiddle with your kids.
Because they dont C#
I'm just kitten..
They both got a wet nose.
Eileen
Because it was stapled to the chicken.
A waist of paper. 
They say "Do you know what they say about guys who have big feet?"
Freeze it and run it through a bandsaw... MEEEOOOW!
The taste.
Because there were 6 million jews waiting for him in hell.
You tell him... "that's definitely a win sir".  Or if he did ok you can say you half win sir i suppose.    :/
Never mind, it's pointless. 
Nothing, because muffins can't talk..
It may take me a while to get hard, I got laid last night. 
Because Curiosity killed the cat!
soak it in gasoline and light it on fire... WOOF!
A shit
See you next month.
You would too if you had to change in the middle of the street!
Oh wait - it hasn't come out yet!
Elixir
None they both eat out.
'Tep on the brake 'tupid.
Only some of the things that come out of her vagina are retarded.
What do you call nuts on the wall? Walnuts What do you call nuts on your chest? Chestnuts What do you call nuts on your chin? My dick in your mouth
Because if they had four doors, they would be a chicken sedan. 
They don't want to leave their brothers behind
A pain in the ass.
Nostalgebra
Because we told them to.
Lesbi-honest, they don't.
Dr. Dre
Water Polio
Because we told them to.
Lesbi-honest, they don't.
Dr. Dre
Water Polio
Mine would have to be Why did sally fall out of the tree? Because she had no arms.  Knock knock.  Who's there? Not sally. 
You don' want your boat to be full of leeks.
They're all gone!
A Hemp-ster
2 jews fighting over a penny
You actually want to cuddle a kitten after you fuck it.
NO?  Oh well never mind then.
One has claws at the end of its paws, the other is a pause at the end of a clause.

The Holocaust. (pun, hologram deal)
It's great! If you win, you gat a dollar each year... for a million years.
You hang around I'll go on ahead
Glue a penny to the bottom of a swimming pool ALTERNATE ENDING: Put a scratch n' sniff at the bottom of a swimming pool
One of his legs is the same.
He drank his tea before it was cool.
I dunno, ask your mom.
I'm not dumb (usually), but this one joke doesn't seem to make any sense to me. I found it randomly, on a site that had a collection of kids jokes. I asked all of my friends, and none of them get it either. Here it is: "Why do knees break?" "Because tape comes off!" I found it here:   Its 2/3's the way down (search for knee) I'm not expecting it to be a good joke, as the other were terrible. But It doesn't make any sense. It sounds like a mismatched punchline. And since it is a kids joke, I highly doubt it is a nonsensical joke (e.g. aristocrats). Thanks!
Gets jalapeno business.
I'm not dumb (usually), but this one joke doesn't seem to make any sense to me. I found it randomly, on a site that had a collection of kids jokes. I asked all of my friends, and none of them get it either. Here it is: "Why do knees break?" "Because tape comes off!" I found it here:   Its 2/3's the way down (search for knee) I'm not expecting it to be a good joke, as the other were terrible. But It doesn't make any sense. It sounds like a mismatched punchline. And since it is a kids joke, I highly doubt it is a nonsensical joke (e.g. aristocrats). Thanks!
Gets jalapeno business.
Cirque d'Olay
Just ice.
In denial.
I herd. 
A homiesexual!
With a pilaf.
Four. One to change the bulb and three to make a t-shirt about it.
What is Green...and Smells Like Pork? Kermit the Frog's Finger!!
What's up, britches?!
A walk.
He always drops the bass.  Teehee 
Just one. She holds it still and waits for the world to revolve around her.
What do you call an anorexic with a east infection? A quarter pounder with cheese.
a megasoreass
Spit, swallow, gargle.
A frog, I lied about the wheels.
Show him a used tampon and ask him what period it came from.
It got toad.
He lay awake at night wondering if there really was a dog.
Once upon a time there was a female brain cell that by mistake happened to end up in a man's head.  She looked around nervously but it was all empty and quiet. "Hello?" she cried, but no answer. "Is there anyone here?" she cried a little louder, but still no answer. Now the female brain cell started to feel alone and scared and again she yelled: "HELLO, IS THERE ANYONE HERE!!?" Then she heard a voice from far, far away: "Hello! We're down here..."
He came out of the cupboard.
His girlfriend was great at blowing 100 bucks.
A viola burns longer.
A: No-I-Deer Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? A: Still No-I-Deer
A pilot, you racist.
Because they cantaloupe!
To get to the other side.
A Barkeologist.
...fünf.
'ell if I know!!!
A pilot, you racist.
Because they cantaloupe!
To get to the other side.
A Barkeologist.
...fünf.
'ell if I know!!!
I've heard the lead role goes to explosions. 
Because he was feeling a little horse.
Because Jewish women won't go near anything that's not 20% off.
Because it's two gross.
A bioracial double homocide.
Because, they don't like Poles.
They're dollar coins, because a quarter is two bits, which means a dollar is 8 bits.
Eh?

My English Monologue Draft...
They were both stuck up cunts!
Because they can.
Nun of your business.
They prefer cash.
Well the flag's a big plus.
The closer you get to the butt the stronger the taste. 
They both came in a little behind!
you put it in the water
An Elephant
The woman won't take a 2.5 inch floppy. 
None. Don't worry about me, I'll just sit here in the dark.
A flat minor.
Niggers.  
lightbulbs buy light bulbs neon lights sex porn
They have diplomatic immunity.
He was feeling a little crummy.
A quarter pounder with cheese.
You wouldn't want to get repossessed!
So Boudreaux (pronounce boo-drough) was going out late one night with his girl friend; while his roommate, Thibodeaux (pronounced Thib-o-dough) stayed home alone. As soon as Boudreaux leaves, Thibodeaux decides he doesn't have anything better to do than to go to sleep.  Later that night, Thibodeaux wakes up and wants a glass of water. He gets up, and in the hallway, he runs into a desk and knocks down a vase. "whatever" he thought, and continued to the kitchen. He drank his water, and on the way back, he slipped and fell on the broken vase. He looks in the mirror, and sees his butt is all cut up from the glass, so he puts some bandages on his cuts and goes to bed. The next morning, Boudreaux walks in Thibodeaux's room and asks "Thib! You was drunk last night, or what?" Thibodeaux replies "Not at all, T. Why?" "Well first, the vase is broken on the floor. Second, There's water all over the ground. And third, there's bandaids all over the bathroom mirror!"
a SAIYANtist!
Dam.
No one knows. They ride single file to hide their numbers. 
Eric Clapton wouldn't let a baggie of cocaine fall out the window.
One's a cunning runt and the other's a running cunt.
One's a cunning runt and the other's a running cunt.
Because she had no arms. "knock knock" "whose there?" "not sally!"
Whom whom.
A hit Broadway show. (heard Drew Carey make this joke in a Whose Line blooper reel)
Is there a subreddit for this?
So it won't explode when you fuck it.
Apparently he was too far out.
Cot death.
A quarter pounder with cheese! -From   the movie
Because he left a shrimp cock-trail.
Every month it has the same centerfold.
too many technical fowls
Pizza doesn't beg for you to finish it off when you only eat half of it.
They're both full of shit, but the government's got more assholes. 
for meatier showers.
Yoko Ono. The Beatles have reformed and have brought out a new album. It’s mostly drum and bass.
You have to read ursine.
Because the D shells are too big, and the B shells are too small.
Because the grass tickles their balls.
Trash gets picked up.
A girl on top.
You can't peanut-butter it into her ass !
He got pissed off.
There is one less drunk at the wake
Because someone dropped a quarter.
GO AWAY
She starts to fit in your wifes clothes.
garglgarglgarglgarglgargl
Because Stevie Nicks.
They're two Maine streams.
To get it pier reviewed.
Never mind it's too cheesy.
Rubber clit...
nothing.  sombodys losing a trailer!

Mine is: What is the white stuff in bird poop? (That is also bird poop.) edit: til you can't edit the topic to fix spelling errors...
Hey kid, ya wanna buy some candy?
Because 7 has a hook hand...
Niggers
They don't take no for an answer. 
To get all their stuff back.
"dinner's on me"
... Grains!!!
Because anyone who can run, jump, or swim is already across the border
Reload.
This joke has been the source of debate among my peers. I know I'm right, but I need evidence/validation. Why is this joke funny? What is the punch line implying? EDIT: Thanks for the responses. There were two interpretations of the joke - A) Women gain weight after they get married. B) Men have wives and mistresses simultaneously and the mistress is less fat. The joke was told amongst a bunch of middle aged crowds. The husbands agreed with interpretation A and thought it was funny. The wives thought it was interpretation B and were upset about joking about infidelity. EDIT2: Thanks again for settling things. Sorry that I wasn't entirely clear. When I asked "why is this joke funny" what I really meant was "what is the underlying intention of the joke". I wasn't trying to say that I thought it was a really funny joke. Anyways, thanks for weighing in.
Barbecue Sauce
A quarter pounder with cheese. 
You don't, there's already a clock on the stove.
Because the beans keep falling through the grill.
This joke has been the source of debate among my peers. I know I'm right, but I need evidence/validation. Why is this joke funny? What is the punch line implying? EDIT: Thanks for the responses. There were two interpretations of the joke - A) Women gain weight after they get married. B) Men have wives and mistresses simultaneously and the mistress is less fat. The joke was told amongst a bunch of middle aged crowds. The husbands agreed with interpretation A and thought it was funny. The wives thought it was interpretation B and were upset about joking about infidelity. EDIT2: Thanks again for settling things. Sorry that I wasn't entirely clear. When I asked "why is this joke funny" what I really meant was "what is the underlying intention of the joke". I wasn't trying to say that I thought it was a really funny joke. Anyways, thanks for weighing in.
Barbecue Sauce
A quarter pounder with cheese. 
You don't, there's already a clock on the stove.
Because the beans keep falling through the grill.
Quit laughing, and reload.
Shit in her cunt. 
Some jokes work better when told. This subreddit seems to be void of any spoken jokes. So, what are some of your favorite jokes in video form? I can already imagine an hour long Nate the Snake joke.
You get squatters.
It never gets old. Did you hear the joke about Michelle Obama's vagina? It's a dark one.
Put it on my bill.
Shit in her cunt. 
Some jokes work better when told. This subreddit seems to be void of any spoken jokes. So, what are some of your favorite jokes in video form? I can already imagine an hour long Nate the Snake joke.
You get squatters.
It never gets old. Did you hear the joke about Michelle Obama's vagina? It's a dark one.
Put it on my bill.
The bench can support a family of 4.
They both came in a yellow box
A basketball team. What do you call 9 black guys and a white guy?  A baseball team. What do you call 11 black guys and a white guy?  A football team. What do you call 100 black guys and a white guy?  A cell block
Because of the mace.
As Many Times As It Wants!
A flat miner. EDIT: spelling
bagels
In fifty shades of gray
Mr. Whodyounickabollockov
The crust.
They say he was half nuts.
I can't jelly my dick in your ass.  
Just a German who wants to laugh.
Just a German who wants to laugh.
The ceremony was alright, but the reception was fantastic!
A pitbull terrier in a childrens' playground
Beef Stroganoff.
With a John Deere letter. 
You can come in, but you can't come out. <editorial non-joke remark - I'm straight, but these guys need to learn a lesson IMHO>
Nice belt.
None, because feminist can't change anything.
He couldn't take shots to the head.
The grass tickles their balls.
A peng-lose!
Just 1 because we are all equal and race has no impact.
Apparently he came home early and caught his wife surrendering to a German.
he came out of the cupboard
oh, sorry, i misspelled "why"...
because they deserve them.
oh, sorry, i misspelled "why"...
because they deserve them.
Piece of cake.
The police heard it was full of pedal-philes.
He was just a little queer.
"It's not a too-nah!"
just one 's'. One is skyscraper and the other one is skycraper.
It comes from the Tattlesnake!
just one 's'. One is skyscraper and the other one is skycraper.
It comes from the Tattlesnake!
A pickpocket snatches watches
Two young children, a girl and a boy, are neighbours. One day they're playing naked in the boy's sandbox and the girl asks: "What's that?" pointing to the boy's crotch. He says he doesn't know. The boy asks: "What's that?" pointing to HER crotch. She doesn't know either... So that night they each ask their parents. They boy's father tells him that his penis is a Racecar. The girl's mother informs her that her vagina is a Garage. So the next day they play in the sandbox again, and when the girl comes home her parents ask: "Why are your hands covered in blood?" She replies with: "The boy next door tried to drive his Racecar into my Garage, but it wouldn't fit so I ripped the back wheels off."
Grow a penis
A pig fell in the mud. Want to hear a clean joke? The pig took a bath with bubbles. Want to hear another dirty joke? Bubbles was the pig next door.
For American readers:
He stops, takes a deep breath and says: "Ooooo Good morning Ladies!"
Because they have big fingers.  My FAVORITE clean joke, by far. 
Holy shit!
They both had curds in their whey.
Juan on Juan
He stops, takes a deep breath and says: "Ooooo Good morning Ladies!"
Because they have big fingers.  My FAVORITE clean joke, by far. 
Holy shit!
They both had curds in their whey.
Juan on Juan
You try so hard to get in but 9 months later you regret you ever came. 
He beats his meat
Decaffinated
A porcupine has the pricks outside.
He beats his meat
Decaffinated
A porcupine has the pricks outside.
A chillbilly.
It makes them feel popular.
They come in handy.
Reefer
Murphy calls to see his mate Paddy who has a broken leg. Paddy says, “Me feet are freezing mate, could you nip upstairs an get me slippers?” “No bother,” he says, and he runs upstairs and there are Paddy’s two stunning 19 year old twin daughters sitting on their beds. “Hello dere girls, your Da’ sent me up here to shag ya both.” “Fook off you liar!”. “I’ll prove it,” Murphy says. So he shouts down the stairs, “Both of them, Paddy?” “Of course, what’s the use of fookin’ one?”
"Geronimoo!"
The unemployment line
Paddy O'Furniture
Because they get jalapeño business.
It takes 1 to screw it in, and 99 to tweet about it.
...because he wanted to win the "Nobel" prize!
Upvote!
Glass doesn't burn.
It's full of hoes.
Wipes his butt
Too many cheetahs
He stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog.
They wouldn't let him in because he showed up dressed as a goat.
Wave at him
Too many cheetahs
He stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog.
They wouldn't let him in because he showed up dressed as a goat.
Wave at him
none. they just beat it for being  black!
Because Jewish women can't resist anything 25% off
Because the Jihad.
Because he drank it before it was cool.  
Six hasn't been the same since he came back from Vietnam. Every time he closes his eyes, he sees Charlie hiding in the darkness, dead bodies hanging in the canopy, and remembers the smell of blood and gunpowder. When he sees seven, he is reminded of those days.


It doesn't matter, he's not coming. 
Because when he grows up he will be Batman.

The Dark Knight Rises
Lickalotypus.
Not Jessica
I hear it's killer.
Ground Coffee.
Well, its making headlines. 
So that the choir boys could get more meat in their mouth besides the Reverend.
Its going to take me a while to get hard because I was just laid.
YOU DON'T KNOW, MAN! YOU WEREN'T THERE!
sheeeeeeeeeeeeit..
If the rubber breaks, you're dead.
Paint yourself green and throw forks at her.
She heard there were free shots.
I heard that people were really Fired up about it! too spoon?
A hundred dollar bill.
Your house is quite the cat-ass-trophy.
A bad magician
gay rights
A little girl asks her dad "Where do babies come from?" and the dad explains to her "Well, babies are made when two people love each other and then the daddy puts his penis in the mummy's vagina." The little girl then asks "If that is where babies com from then what does mummy get when daddy puts his penis in her mouth?" He contemplated this for a while, before replying "Jewellery... mummy gets jewellery."
[betta]s
Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches.
He was so proud he took it home and had it bronzed.
Christopher Walken
Tooth hurty
White Vans.
"I'm a huge fan!"
...because "pot holder" was already taken.
A Klondike
Dr. Dre
One is a crusty bus station the other is a busty crustation! ::buh dum bum::
A seizure salad!
A group of loud and rowdy drunks were making a racket in the street.It was the wee small hours of the morning and the lady of the houseflung open a window and shouted at them to keep quiet. "Is this where Frank lives?" one of the drunks asked. "Yes, it is," the woman replied. "Well then," said the drunk, "Could you come and pick him out so therest of us can go home?"
Bat man can go a whole night without robin
My donation check to the orphanage.
Denim denim denim ;p
They spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
Because she didn't have any arms. Knock Knock..who's there..Not Sara.
Timbuuuuuurrrrrrrrton~!
Here's mine: ______________________________
In Soviet Russia, consciousness regulates the cerebral cortex.
Fahfrompoopin
...Can't tell you anyway because you wouldn't get over it.
Heath Ledger jokes can get old....
...Can't tell you anyway because you wouldn't get over it.
Heath Ledger jokes can get old....

I do. 
Because they are worth it! EDIT: to please all the grammar Nazis of the world
Copernicus.
He took warm ones instead.
I've been scouring the posts on here but a lot of them are highly sexual/not appropriate.  Have to give a joke for my Toastmasters class. Ideas?
Sorry
A grandfather and grandson are taking a walk one day. While walking, the grandfather takes out a flask from his pocket and started drinking. "Can I have some of that?", the grandson asked. "Does your penis touch your butt?", replied that grandfather. "No.", said the grandson. "Then you can't have any." was the grandfather's reply.  A little while later, the grandfather takes out a cigarette and starts smoking. "Can I have one?", asked the grandson. "Does your penis touch your butt?" said the grandfather. "No.", said the grandson. "Then you can't have any.", said the grandfather. The pair stop at a store where the grandfather buys a scratch off lotto ticket and hands it to the grandson. He scratches it off and wins $10,000. The grandfather asks, "Can I have some money?", to which the boy replies, "Does your penis touch your butt?", "Yes.", said the grandfather. The grandson replied, "Go fuck yourself then."
I've been scouring the posts on here but a lot of them are highly sexual/not appropriate.  Have to give a joke for my Toastmasters class. Ideas?
Sorry
A grandfather and grandson are taking a walk one day. While walking, the grandfather takes out a flask from his pocket and started drinking. "Can I have some of that?", the grandson asked. "Does your penis touch your butt?", replied that grandfather. "No.", said the grandson. "Then you can't have any." was the grandfather's reply.  A little while later, the grandfather takes out a cigarette and starts smoking. "Can I have one?", asked the grandson. "Does your penis touch your butt?" said the grandfather. "No.", said the grandson. "Then you can't have any.", said the grandfather. The pair stop at a store where the grandfather buys a scratch off lotto ticket and hands it to the grandson. He scratches it off and wins $10,000. The grandfather asks, "Can I have some money?", to which the boy replies, "Does your penis touch your butt?", "Yes.", said the grandfather. The grandson replied, "Go fuck yourself then."
"I'm not Willie Nelson."
For them, the light at the end of the tunnel is New Jersey.
It only takes one nail to hang a photo
Because it's Camel-flaged...
When they get to third base they think they've scored
because then they would be Chicken sedans
Because all his white friends got better gifts than him.
A: Any way you want, concrete floors tend to be very hard to crack.
One's a goodyear and the other is a great year.
When you masturbate and your hand falls asleep.
One's a goodyear and the other is a great year.
When you masturbate and your hand falls asleep.
An im-pasta!
Because I put on the wrong pair of socks this morning.
The unemployment line. 
It's a Dell.
The unemployment line. 
It's a Dell.
Wiped his butt
Because they can make themselves dinner.
Put it in the microwave until it's Bill Withers
Cancer. 
FOOD CHAINZZZ!!
He's all right now.
Because the couch didn't pull out.
yeah, they.re called tenants.
Don't look, i'm changing.
Don't look, i'm changing.
Listener usually answers: R? Punchline: (In pirate voice) No! It is the C!
Cletus and Wade watching the sunset on their tractor have a chat.  Cletus: Wade, I keep hearing on the radio, TV, read in the papers about the stock market but I still have no idea it is. Do you know? Wade: How should I explain this to you... Let's say you buy some eggs for your farm, these eggs hatch and now you have chicks, these chicks grow up to be hens which lay more eggs out of which you get more chicks that grow up to be hens and so on and so forth and your farm is full of them. One day a big black flood ravages your land and takes all of them downstream. Then you sit and think to yourself:   That's what the stock market is like.
You take the "F" out of way. 
Patti O'Furniture
It’s Monday morning and the postman is walking through the neighborhood on his usual route, delivering the mail. As he approaches one of the homes he noticed that both cars were still in the driveway. His wonder was cut short by David, the homeowner, coming out with a load of empty beer, wine and spirit bottles for the recycling bin. "Wow David, looks like you guys had one hell of a party last night,' the postman comments. David, in obvious pain, replies 'Actually we had it Saturday night. This is the first I have felt like moving since 4:00 am Sunday morning. We had about 15 couples from around the neighborhood over for some weekend fun and it got a bit wild. We all got very drunk and around midnight that we started playing 'WHO AM I?" The postman thinks a moment and says, "How do you play WHO AM I?" "Well, all the guys go in the bedroom and come out one at a time covered with a sheet with only the 'family jewels' showing through a hole in the sheet. Then the women try to guess who it is.” The postman laughs and says, "Sounds like fun, I'm sorry I missed it." "Probably a good thing you did," David responded. "Your name came up 7 times."
A tomato
Because they cantaloupe
You have to put the partly-eaten dismembered body of your infant daughter in the freezer instead.

You burn the hell out of it.
Because atomic bombs are pretty bright.
I loave you.
You burn the hell out of it.
Because atomic bombs are pretty bright.
I loave you.
A mega sore ass.
On the porcupine, the pricks are on the outside.
Eric Clapton would never let a bag of coke fall out the window.
Stevie Wonder when he answers the iron.
I had a joke about Alzheimer's but damnit, I don't remember it.
He drank his coffee before it was cool. 
A mega sore ass.
On the porcupine, the pricks are on the outside.
Eric Clapton would never let a bag of coke fall out the window.
Stevie Wonder when he answers the iron.
I had a joke about Alzheimer's but damnit, I don't remember it.
He drank his coffee before it was cool. 
So birds don't shit on their lips.
The higher it flies, the much.
Stevie Wonder when he answers the iron.
I had a joke about Alzheimer's but damnit, I don't remember it.
He drank his coffee before it was cool. 
So birds don't shit on their lips.
The higher it flies, the much.
how does an irish duck say hello... whats the quack?   - this may be the worst irish joke ever... does anyone have an irish joke worse than this?
He drank his coffee before it was cool. 
So birds don't shit on their lips.
The higher it flies, the much.
how does an irish duck say hello... whats the quack?   - this may be the worst irish joke ever... does anyone have an irish joke worse than this?
You can't hear an enzyme.
Amish drive by shooting.
Family reunion They even brought a bucket of KFC 
Yea, he was doing Magic. 
A computer only has to have information punched into it once.
Dr. Dre.
I'm a really big fan.
One shucks between fits
Come on, don't leave me hanging.
A stick.
you're stuck on the basement level!
Because he has less understanding.
If it had been invented anywhere else, it would be called a teethbrush. What's the latest invention to come out of the UA engineering program? A solar-powered flashlight. How can you tell if someone's a UA graduate? Look at the ring while they're picking their nose. Why are criminals so hard to catch in Alabama? Everyone has the same DNA. What does an Alabaman call a six-pack and a dead possum? A seven-course meal. Since state jokes seem to be the thing today, and, well, I'm from Georgia...
You'd think it would be the arrr but it's really the sea.
Because Texas sucks and Kansas blows!
Hop in

Why do mermaids wear seashells?  Because D shells are too big and B shells are too small.

He saw the gas bill.
They both can be used to carry vegetables....
She better come back with a goddamn sandwich!
I can't jelly my dick into a girls ass.
...'cause you're a frickin' babe.
I can't jelly my dick into a girls ass.
...'cause you're a frickin' babe.
The black ones steal your watch.
It's called "101 ways to wok your dog"
Or is it just me?
Well, just, whoever was in charge. The people in charge decided not to let the gorilla in, in case there were problems. EDIT: I didn’t mention this was Louis CK’s daughter’s joke because I assumed most people would know that already. It was never my intention to make it seem like I came up with it or to try to steal it.
Two. One to change the bulb and one to hold the penisLADDER I MEANT LADDER
Gets jalapeño business. 
4 if you flip it upside down. 
The one who you have to explain the joke to.
It's two shots and a splash of water.
Very satisfying.
Reflexivity and transitivity.
Welfare.
Because a jewish woman wouldn't touch anything unless it's 20% off.
Def Leppard.
you wave at her.
By the time you hear it, it's too late to do anything about it. A long list of viola jokes:
By the time you hear it, it's too late to do anything about it. A long list of viola jokes:
It didn't have any fans!
Irrelevant, you will be assimilated!
Red Paint
Irrelevant, you will be assimilated!
Red Paint
He was pissed off.  (It took me an embarrassing amount of time to get this one.)
Lets go in there and get shit faced.
Lets go in there and get shit faced.
Because 69's a mouthful!
Hitler was an evil  .
Ten-ish
Fo' drizzle.
Prose before hoes.
"Shomething'sh Amish..."
You have to start from scratch.
Of Course they do, they just don't celebrate it!
A sticky Wicket.
Fur traders!
Half a cat
Snap, crackle, pop. 
Snap, crackle, pop. 
Two.  One to actually do it, the other to film it so fundamentalists won't claim that God did it.
A loophole Credit to Doug Benson
One spreads easily and the other is peanut butter 
her miscarriage 
That is, until 1982 when your mom got on one.
her miscarriage 
That is, until 1982 when your mom got on one.
"Don't wash it in there, you'll make the fish smell like that!"
A SHIT-szu. I thought of this due to the fact that my Shitszu came inside covered in mud.
Ugly.
WASSA-B!!!
Cashews!
None. They all flew away when he fired his gun. This works better in person, of course, and you have to emphasize the need for the person to answer right away. My grandpa has told and retold this one as long as I can remember.
Because the B shells are too small and the D shells are too big!
Maui.
So they can look at the 2nd Italian Navy!  Edit: Grammar
Because they know it is tough to get into the habit.
They both have the same middle names.
Because there are more birds on that side.
Your fat sisters boyfriend
That he built.
It wooden go
With a big dong.......
When it's pasture bedtime
Nothing, it never happens.
Every night, he'd go out and drink until it was light.
Cripple Sec
nothing, it just let out a little whine
I'll tagalog!
Step one:  penetrate the student body. 
Kobayoshi.
Because of  nomials!
Just ask them to read this word: unionized.
The Library
On a scale from Casey Anthony to Jerry Sandusky, how much do you love kids?
A web Bowser.
None. Feminists don't change anything.
Because they hate mandates.
Xbox
A buttload
She was a woman.
All they ever say is Mao.
Denim denim denim.
You shit in her cunt.
Go for the juggler
The porcupine has its pricks on the outside. 
A buffa
Free of charge, of course.
Free of charge, of course.
 
They both like to stick meat in their 10 year old buns.
Because when his commanding officer read his letter saying he was now a WOP, it was assumed that he had expatriated. 
It's not hard.
Gets jalapeño business!
Hammad. What do you call a VERY drunk Muslim? Mohammad.
Telling your parents you're gay.
you enjoy both more as an adult if they arent forced on you as a child.
GRRAAAAINS!!
Hammad. What do you call a VERY drunk Muslim? Mohammad.
Telling your parents you're gay.
you enjoy both more as an adult if they arent forced on you as a child.
GRRAAAAINS!!

Nothing if her husband knows what's good for him!

Dr. Dre
No. He just keeps the tips.
Dress her like an alter boy.  
Kick his sister in the jaw.
She didn't have any arms . Knock-Knock Who's there ? Not Sally !
It was dead. . . . Why did the other koala fall out of the tree? It thought it was a game. . . . Why did the third koala fall out of the tree? It was stapled to the first koala.
She didn't have any arms . Knock-Knock Who's there ? Not Sally !
It was dead. . . . Why did the other koala fall out of the tree? It thought it was a game. . . . Why did the third koala fall out of the tree? It was stapled to the first koala.
because they have no Seoul
Here come the elephants. . . . What did he say when he saw the elephants coming over the hill wearing sunglasses? Nothing, he didn't recognize them. . . . What did he say when he saw the giraffes coming over the hill wearing sunglasses? Those goddamn elephants won't fool me this time.
Tape a hula hoop to the bottom of a pool
Tape a hula hoop to the bottom of a pool
Which famous celebrity has had the most children over the last 20 years?  Michael Jackson
Because they think men actually care if they cum.
EL-ton John
Throw in a load of laundry, and soap
Everyone who can run, jump, and swim are already over here. 
Because at the second mile they get raped.
Because they run you over with a tank if you do. Found this on Becker, didn't know if I should put this here or goingtohellforthis
rubbertoe
Apparently it's the   of reddit.
The mid-life crisis.
Yep.  It's in his ass and belongs to Usher.
He got away with words.
One is a group of immature internet trolls....and the other thinks it isn't.
Yep.  It's in his ass and belongs to Usher.
He got away with words.
One is a group of immature internet trolls....and the other thinks it isn't.
It gets jalapeño business.
Kermit's middle finger. 
... a smooth criminal.
Spitting, swallowing, and gargling.  
If you slap the mosquito it stops sucking
Spitting, swallowing, and gargling.  
If you slap the mosquito it stops sucking
Ninja chicken.
Buy-sexual (I know it is cheesy, but I thought of it all on my own.)
If you're forced to have it as a kid, you probably won't like it as an adult
One less drunk.
They always drop the bass
moo-tilated.
One that never misses a period.
Somewhere over a rainbow...
In the mainstream.
Cos to Mariguana is illegal.
Because they're poor conductors! (I know they're called Engineers but cut me some slack, I thought of this in the 9th grade.)
Getting the blood stains out of your clown costume. 
A drummer...
An instagram.
...nothing.
Tulips on an organ.
Sorry!
Red paint.
"Dear Reader"
Raw Raw Rawhahaha...
A Brick!
To get to the otherside!
My truck is paid for, and honestly officer, I was just helping the sheep over the fence. 
...Deer balls, They're under a buck!
To get to the other side.
A butt load.
Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
Both of them cost $100 and if the rubber breaks, you're screwed!
Between you and me, we can make a lot of money!
They both get laid by Mexicans...
One in the center eating its way out. What's worse than that? It goes back for seconds.
One has a cunning array of stunts, the other has a stunning array of cunts. 
Bono-y-Bono
White children get immense joy after tearing one open
Kermits finger
Because he couldn't get his dick out of the chicken.
Someone stops you in the middle of the road and asks you to tell him a good joke, What would be your reply?
The old lady with the recipe died...
... so that they could close their jackets.
They turn the stool up side down
A Dell, rolling in the deep.
Tellings your parents you're gay.
Because it was pi-rated.
Two, but I don't know how they'd get in there. 
Two, but I don't know how they'd get in there. 
None. They only screw the poor.
"What are you shakin' for? Shes gonna eat me."
One
It's a really obscure number; you've probably never heard of it.
A Magic Johnson.
Mick Jagger says "Hey! You! Get off of my cloud!", but the Scotsman says "Hey! McCloud! Get off of my ewe!"
because they are ugly and they smell bad
Five. Germany to start it, France to try and then give up almost immediately, Italy to start, give up, and try again from the other side, America to finish it and claim credit for the whole thing, and Switzerland to sit in the dark and pretend that nothing happened.
Because..........It is hard to eat Jenny Craig with Mary Kay on her face.
Because their pecker's on their face
(snicker) 
Five. Germany to start it, France to try and then give up almost immediately, Italy to start, give up, and try again from the other side, America to finish it and claim credit for the whole thing, and Switzerland to sit in the dark and pretend that nothing happened.
Because..........It is hard to eat Jenny Craig with Mary Kay on her face.
Because their pecker's on their face
(snicker) 
Because they don't know the words.
Because the rain in Spain falls mostly in the plain.
Because when they dance, they make it rain.
Just one, but the light bulb has to want to change
A fish.
Because he was too far out, man.
A fish.
Because he was too far out, man.
Don't worry, they'll tell you.
A dog that is smart enough to bury the bodies.
Employed people.
The porcupine has pricks on the outside.
He jump off the diving board before it was pool.
Where you put the cucumber! 
They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons.
Because he found it soda pressing.
He was feeling a little hoarse.
You haven't? Never mind, I don't want to spread it.
¡Grassy Ass!
An investigator.
Because every time his wife gets hot, he covers her with dirt and beats her with a shovel.
They picked letters out of a hat: C eh, N eh, D eh.
Nevermind it's too cheesy. 
He was trapped under da-Brie!
An extractor fan
You really gotta hand it to 'er. 
The taste.
Because two wongs don't make a white
A Navajo.
He was 0K.
I reich you.
"No, that's all right.  I'll just sit here in the dark."
12 pirates.
He ate his pizza before it was cool. 
When they blow, you got no power!!
An instagram.
Reddit reddit.. First joke i thought of. :) 
If so, was it a white one?
Warren.
If so, was it a white one?
Warren.
An Instagram!
Wednesday
Because they only worked from 38 to 45
McDonald's knows how to use salt
When the librarian tells you to leave.
A condom wasn't on my dick last night.
Spring water.
You can drop her off anywhere!
A: He couldn't recall.
Grass, I lied about the wheels.
So he can be juan with everything.
So he can be juan with everything.
A brick.
One can finish a race.
Juan Direction.

Right where you left it!
That would be a dead giveaway. 
Because their hands are always in someone else's!
Right where you left it!
That would be a dead giveaway. 
Because their hands are always in someone else's!
Swallows
She choked.
They are making headlines!
They're not going to fall for that one again.
If you answered "I don't know." I would like to tell you that I spent all day cleaning that mess up.
A sociopath sees people as things; a buddhist sees things as people.
They are making headlines!
They're not going to fall for that one again.
If you answered "I don't know." I would like to tell you that I spent all day cleaning that mess up.
A sociopath sees people as things; a buddhist sees things as people.
Dr. Dre.
If you answered 'I don't know,' I'm certainly not letting you borrow any of   DVDs in the future!
Neither have I! I hope this isn't a repost. I made this joke, but I wouldn't be surprised if somebody else thought of it before me.
Dago wop wop wop
A: You feel his hand going up your ass!
A: You feel his hand going up your ass!
Going in and asking for a coat hanger.
An unholy mess!
and
Mine: 3 men are wandering lost in the desert, and stumble upon a lamp. They rub it, and a Genie comes out. He tells them "I will give you each one wish." The first man says "I really miss my family. I'd love to be back with them."   He's back with his family. The second man says "I don't have a family, but I'd love to be on the beach in Hawaii, surrounded by beautiful women."   He's in Hawaii. The third thinks for a little while and says "I'm lonely here. I wish my two friends were back here with me."
The free lunch. 
They keep slipping off.
Cum on her feet and let the flies do the rest.
...you can't milk a cow for a decade straight.
Acne doesn't come on a boys face till 14
The refrigerator doesn't fart when you take the meat out.
They keep slipping off.
Cum on her feet and let the flies do the rest.
...you can't milk a cow for a decade straight.
Acne doesn't come on a boys face till 14
The refrigerator doesn't fart when you take the meat out.
Pa-Ra-Bo-La (do doooo do dodo)
Your grip.
Thanks for the mammaries.
We better get some support soon, or people are gonna mistake us for nuts.
Beaver Dam
He doesn't like to look down on the unemployed. 
Because they're dead
Sorry, the punchline is the joke.  If you don't get it, ask your dad.
BBQ sauce.
Their last names!
They are both front-page material on reddit
Dr. Dre
About 74,000 Insta-grams.
About 74,000 Insta-grams.
Looks like I got my work cut out for me.
A re-cyclist.
I still love vista, baby
Nothing, Michael liked boys.
A shell phone!
It was the Battle of the A La Mode!
"Can I push in your stool?" 
A liquor cabinet.
Nothing. Lesbians don't cook. They eat out. 
For me, it's gotta be Emo Phillips' Baptist joke. Although to tell it you've gotta get his execution down.
Not being retarded.
The police officer
Litter that the wind blew out of the trash you racist piece of shit!
They got six months each.

Fitting the wheelchair in the oven.
One's a Goodyear, the other's an awesome year. 
Kermit the Frog's finger.
Fitting the wheelchair in the oven.
One's a Goodyear, the other's an awesome year. 
Kermit the Frog's finger.
Oh, well I guess it doesn't really matter anyway...

Spic and span
What does Spock sing in the shower?  I'll stop the world and meld with you!

Because he's dead.
Bunny farts
Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out a window.
One's a crusty bus station.
These jokes should be any jokes that are even vaguely related to animals!
I've cleaned up and found Jesus. 
I've cleaned up and found Jesus. 
... 70 because after 69 your mouth's full.

They can't go into a store without Robin
A Balanced Diet!
He can't go anywhere without Robin'
10 people who don't do dick.
"I'm not Willie Nelson."
They fire a Canon.
You give them 99c, and they throw a burrito in the toilet for you.
"I'm not Willie Nelson."
They fire a Canon.
You give them 99c, and they throw a burrito in the toilet for you.
Because poly means many and ticks mean blood-sucking parasites. 
Ba na na na na na na na na na na na na na grapefruit.
Kermit the Frog's finger.
Mega-sore-ass!
He gets mourning wood. 
You go on ahead. I'll hang around
One does not scream when I pack my meat into it.
Abasement.
None, feminists can't change anything.
He turns off his Xbox.
Don't worry, he'll tell you
A dill doe
Schwarzenegger has a big one, Michael J. Fox has a small one, Madonna doesn't have one, The POPE has one but doesn't use it, Clinton uses his all the time, Mickey Mouse has an unusual one, George Burns' was hot, Liberace NEVER used his on women, Jerry Seinfeld is very very proud of his, We never saw Lucy use Desi's what is it?
Dr. Dre
Give him sheet music
Because it's fucking close to water.
Dr. Dre
Give him sheet music
Because it's fucking close to water.
It's a real mind-blowing experience.
Boil the hell out of it.
The Holocaust.
both can be solved with a coat hanger
Because he was outstanding in his field!
That's a Moray.
So the other day I'm talking to a friend about what happened to the Energizer Bunny. It's been quite sometime since I've seen him appear in a commercial. I was always under the impression that he "kept going." My friend proceeds to tell me the Energizer Bunny was arrested last year ,and they charged him with battery. Now it all makes sense. 
Because he was outstanding in his field!
That's a Moray.
So the other day I'm talking to a friend about what happened to the Energizer Bunny. It's been quite sometime since I've seen him appear in a commercial. I was always under the impression that he "kept going." My friend proceeds to tell me the Energizer Bunny was arrested last year ,and they charged him with battery. Now it all makes sense. 
Zero.
He died falling off a watch tower
An absolute ruler
bye son
A subwoofer. 
Because it hurts and they deserve it
Because the grass tickles their balls. 
In one direction.
that's the porpoise.  (came up with this at work...i love a good pun)
I pity the stool!
It's called "Björn This Way".
Rodney King Pinatas 
He got the sack.
A certain number! One to actually perform the task, and the rest to act in a manner stereotypical of the group.
Drop some peas along the shore, and when a fish comes up to take a pea, you grab him.
He woks.
He heard the ref was blowing fowls in the corner!
He heard the ref was blowing fowls in the corner!
Not your cheese....
They were MAROONED!
Meat patty
One is a group of cunning runts. 
So they know what it is like to live with an irritating cunt. Zing!
So they know what it is like to live with an irritating cunt. Zing!
A hobosexual
Bison!
How is the Quran like weed? Burning that shit will get you stoned.

A table can support itself
Why did little Timmy fall off his bike?  Because someone threw a canoe at him!!!
a three-year-old was resisting a rest
A key.
Because Ken comes in a different box.  Heyooooooo
I need a joke that involves the band The Cure ... Anyone know any (or can make one up)?
They're both grey.....................................well except for the apricot. 
You kick his sister in the chin
It was a cycle-path.
A large pizza can feed a family of 4
Ginger Ale
Patio furniture
The parrots-eat-em-all.
Koala Lumpur
Because a black widow has no husband.
The arts student gets a mark for it.
Nationalized wine.. Sounds like the right wing will have some whine too.
There are tumor down the street.
Abandonment. 
It ran out of juice.
Two mothers-in-law.
A pick pocket snatches watches.
Take away their beds...
Because he's always Walken
Of course, there's  , but here goes mine:  ...and that, my liege, is how we know the Earth to be banana shaped.  This new learning amazes me, Sir Bedevere. Explain again how sheep's bladders may be employed to prevent earthquakes.
Wow, what a tewwific audience.
Somebody hid the welfare cheque in a work boot.
an impasta 
BY THE SHOWER OF GREYSKULL!!! I wrote this joke today. Feel free to steal it.
With a spirit level!
The wheelchair
Great food, no atmosphere.
He could never get an angle. 
The engine stops whining after the plane lands.
Bukkake.
Abortions.
The engine stops whining after the plane lands.
Bukkake.
Abortions.
It's making my dick start to look like a rainbow.
because they had reservations 
I'm not Willie Nelson.
Because he couldn't mufasa!!!
Because he couldn't mufasa!!!
Her son's dick tastes like blood.
The sex is the same but the dishes pile up.
After you throw a load in a washing machine it doesn't follow you around.
You wipe it off and say sorry.
Will do great in kitchen
Four guys are standing on a street corner. An American, a Russian, a Chinese man and an Israeli.  A reporter comes up and says "Excuse me... What's your opinion on the meat shortage?"  The American says: "What's a shortage?"  The Russian says "What's meat?"  The Chinese man says "What's an opinion?"  The Israeli says "What's excuse me"? (for even worse humor, come to   and mock my terrible art skills!)
They never came in contact.
Four guys are standing on a street corner. An American, a Russian, a Chinese man and an Israeli.  A reporter comes up and says "Excuse me... What's your opinion on the meat shortage?"  The American says: "What's a shortage?"  The Russian says "What's meat?"  The Chinese man says "What's an opinion?"  The Israeli says "What's excuse me"? (for even worse humor, come to   and mock my terrible art skills!)
They never came in contact.
the Polar Bear
The atmosphere.
So that they can say they liked it before it was cool.
A trampoline doesn't look adorable in a sailor outfit
He came back a husky fucker.
Madagascar, because all their ports are closed.

Christopher Walken
It was FANTASTIC.
Christopher Walken
It was FANTASTIC.
Two Chinese men break into a Scottish Distillery.  One turns to the other and says "is it whisky?".  His accomplice turns to him and says "yes!  But not as whisky as wobbing a bank".
Drizzle
A tomato in an elevator.
The Mediterranean Sea.  
Time's fun when you're having flies.
they operate on black time! 2:00 appointment? pfft show up at 3:30 you'll be straight
Because she wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
they operate on black time! 2:00 appointment? pfft show up at 3:30 you'll be straight
Because she wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
One, but only if the light bulb wants to change.
Some weeeeeeeird shit, man.
WRONG! black people don't work you idiot
I don't have a corvette in my garage.
A rape victim. 
A Dell
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaay
He worked it out with a pencil.
A velcrow Courtesy of Jokels.com: 
Nikki Menage a Troi  Courtesy of Jokels.com: 
Neither have they.
A stick.
Because they can't elope.
Because if they flew over the bay they would be Bagels
He gets taller
pop culture
He couldn't finish the last movement.
Kitchen
He couldn't finish the last movement.
Kitchen
No, they eat the fingers separately.
They eat all the tuna!!!
I only have one under my bed
Yes...yes it would...
They vote.
They vote.
Because they are a little meteor!
Because the spider spied 'er!
My butt Hz.
30 pounds. OK Ladies - if you didn't like that - what's the difference between a boyfriend and a husband? 45 minutes.
we have the Iron Giant
we have the Iron Giant
None. They just beat the room for being black.   (Just an old one I knew, not sure how common..)
Put velcro on the ceiling
Carmen Sandy Eggo
Graaaiiins.
Graaaiiins.
Klan Chowder
When I fuck my grandma up the ass she doesn't die.
He gets taller

Because an elephant will screw anything with a trunk in the front.  Thanks to a random guy outside of a 7/11. 
"Whib It" by Devo.

Because an elephant will screw anything with a trunk in the front.  Thanks to a random guy outside of a 7/11. 
"Whib It" by Devo.
The pilot was a loaf of bread.
Because drawing a perfect circle is impossible. Also, he has Parkinson's disease.
69
He came out of the cupboard.
BBQ sause. 
A blonde goes into a nearby store and asks a clerk if she can buy the TV in the corner. The clerk looks at her and says that he doesn't serve blondes, so she goes back home and dyes her hair black. The next day she returns to the store and asks the same thing, and again, the clerk said he doesn't serve blondes. Frustrated, the blonde goes home and dyes her hair yet again, to a shade of red. Sure that a clerk would sell her the TV this time, she returns and asks a different clerk this time. To her astonishment, this clerk also says that she doesn't serve blondes. The blonde asks the clerk, "How in the world do you know I am a blonde?" The clerk looks at her disgustedly and says,"That's not a TV -- it's a microwave!"
When you have babies on purpose
Only 2, but its really hard to get them inside the bulb.
The captain's dinghy.
Off-course, we are.
He was singing on the road again.
A chrysler   (Christler)
HIV
Dung!
Syndrome of a Down
"Damn this bitch is nasty!"
Two. One to change the lightbulb and another to hold the penis.  ...  ...  ...  Er...  I mean...  The ladder. 
They say it's a Communist plot
Juan
Sometimes a canoe tips!
Investigator
The wheelchair!
Because everyone who runs, swims, or jump really well is already across the border. 
Tom went to the doctors office for a physical check at the big age of 35. The normal routine check went fine and what he was most nervous for happened. " Drop you pants and bend over" he says, " Don' worry it will be quick and painless". He continues to put his gloves on and lubes them up really good. As he continues to do his job he says " Do you feel anything, does it hurt", It sounded awkward but hey lets tell him thought Tom. " It hurts a bit" he replied. The doctor as the funny guy that he has alway been continues to say, " Let me show you a magic trick" as he places both hands in front of Tom's face says "Look no hands". 
The bitch can suck my dick in the dark for all I care....
Aids.
Diabetes. John has diabetes.
Tequillllaaaa
A: Because they held up a pair of pants.
I can't jelly this joke onto   everyday
I can't jelly this joke onto   everyday
A dumb bass.
It hasn't been tested on mice.
Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder playing tennis
HE LET BISCOTTI HIT THE FLOOR
Because he needed a poo. 
Because he needed a poo. 
Cut the rope.  Anyone else have good black jokes?
Because of the sand, which is everywhere. 
They both fail big time when they hit the ice..
because they're ugly and they stink.
This was incredibly clever when I first thought of it but then I did some research...the closest they get to being Italian is that George Clooney was a "pioneer" for them: Reading that makes me never want to wear them again.
They are outstanding in their field.
They dry hump.
I was just looking for some good racially insensitive jokes for my friends. Gimme your worst, Reddit. 
A frog in a blender
A brick.
A small medium at large
...he just kept the tips.
Telling your parents that you're gay.
Telling your parents that you're gay.
Concentration camp.
Law-suits
bison
A hero
Cantaloupe.
They each got six months.
A liar.  Post your jokes you wouldn't tell your mother. 
3 in 1
They recovered 12,000 bodies.
The fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
None. PETA can't change anything.
Can I push your stool in?
She wasn't wearing her seat-belt. Credit goes to some caller on the Dean Blundell show. I couldn't make that up
Because they have big fingers.

there are some things r.kelly can't piss all over.
A Pilot you fucking racist.
You go in as a Tight End and leave as a Wide Receiver.
DUUUUUuU
DUUUUUuU
In case your other agus breaks. 
Yogurt has a live and thriving culture.
Without passion it's only cum!
Kitchen
They fry pranes.
Drowns.
His condition is stable.
Relative humidity!
Relative humidity!
Beer nuts are $1.29 a bag. Deer nuts are just under a buck.
They're both a lot of fun until your friends catch you.
Because your body's smokin ;)
I can't jelly my cock up your mom's ass
I accidentally this joke the other day. Do you think it has potential? 
congrajulations Edit: do those who downvoted  know the real spelling of congratulations ?
There's nothing left
Dip it in ranch.
His surname
There's nothing left
Dip it in ranch.
His surname
Immature ejaculation
Nigga, peas!
You don't cry when you chop up a hooker. 
With-a matzah holes in it. 
An American plantation.
What is a pirate's favorite letter? 
You can't drink sand.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . He wanted to reverse cowgirl.
Before the first period.
Because there was a face off on the ice.
Seabiscuit could finish a race.
A small medium at large
because the children will be to lazy to steal.
Cancer

Call of duty has been released in Iraq and Afgahnistan as "The Sims."
Suicide.
He wanted to reverse cowgirl.
Yeah he's all right now
Every time his wife gets hot, he smacks her with a shovel.
There's 20 of them! (I can't believe this isn't a repost.)
Christopher Walken!
Mouthwash
Bison.
If they are under 16 you should just do them in your head.
I don't know and I don't care. 
Wanna come back to my homepage and check out my floor plan?
They're not allowed to run in the halls.  
Satisfying
Because little boys can't get pregnant.
a dictator.
coz she has no arms.
You stay up all night wondering if there is a dog.
You stay up all night wondering if there is a dog.
I don't care if she has one or not.
You would too if you were named Auuurraaagggghhh!
He kept getting nailed to the boards.
Chalk to you later. 
A baby in a trash compactor.
Soulja Boy.
I don't know, but it's damn good at picking cotton.
His jokes weren't dairy funny.
The Iforgotto 
In little Nazis.
A carrot.
Baby, I'm sorry, but I can't be with someone who's as real as the Moon landing...
That's not funny.
Two. One to change the lightbulb, and the other to hold the penis -- LADDER. I meant ladder.
they're pretty strong. You drink just one and you can't see straight.
Just two. The trouble's getting them in there.
Red paint
Meincraft
There's twenty of them!
You make him run across Canada...
One's a leaker, one's a Le Car.
You make him run across Canada...
One's a leaker, one's a Le Car.
A marxman.
Nothing very interesting, they are both completely ordinary members of society who should not be judged based on their ethnic background and skin colour. And then the building exploded.
Barbecue sauce.
The wheelchair.
Emilio Incestevez
ba doom doom cha!
Passover.
Two thirty
You can't peanut butter your dick in someone's asshole
Women's Sports.
Dr. Dre
He'd only masturbate before it was hard!
He'd only masturbate before it was hard!
Is that FaceTime for blind people?
it doesn't need cleaned.
Just one, but they have to do it during dinner.
A serial killer.
AN ARITHMESTICK.
Just one, but they have to do it during dinner.
A serial killer.
AN ARITHMESTICK.
The priest caught him by the organ
The muslim sex-doll blows ITSELF up.
haaaayyyyy!
Because they steal all the green cards 
Def Leppard!
haaaayyyyy!
Because they steal all the green cards 
Def Leppard!
Because he kneaded a poo.
You choke the shit out of him
Never mind. It's too long.
A pit bull.
Because it was... imbalanced.
sea urchingine
A twang-bang
sea urchingine
A twang-bang
It runs in your jeans
A small medium at large.
German soldiers like to march in the shade.
He was getting ahead of himself.
German soldiers like to march in the shade.
He was getting ahead of himself.
Oral sex will make your day, but anal sex will make your hole weak!
Me: Dunno Buddy: You ever try to open a grilled cheese sandwich?
Chernobyl fall out
Because it's too cold out tide.
Nobody eats parsley.
Choked
In this small retirement home, there was an old lady who just turned 68 years old. She decided to go visit the other dorms so that the residents could wish her a happy birthday. The first room she goes to there was another old lady drinking tea. "It's my birthday!" said the birthday lady. "Wish me a happy birthday!" "Well, happy birthday!" responded the other lady. "Guess how old I am? Guess." "Well...I don't know sweaty, I don't know, how old are you? "I'm 68!" "Well, congratulations, I hope you have a great day!" They both bid farewell and the birthday lady went to another dorm. The old lady enters the next dorm and sees an old man reading a news paper. "Hi!" she waved, "It's my birthday!" "Ah, well, happy birthday darling!" the old man responded cheerfully. "Guess how old I am!" "Well, hmm, I wouldn't know, how old are you?" "I'm 68!" "Wow, you look good for your age, well, happy birthday!" they both said goodbye and the lady went on to the next room. The third room, she saw the oldest lady in the building, she sat in her wheelchair, barely alive. The older lady looked up at her and smiled, the birthday lady smiled back and said, "Hi, it's my birthday!" "It is?" the lady in the wheelchair said really quietly, "well, happy birthday!" "Thank you! Guess how old I am?" "Hmmm," the older lady scratched the bottom of her chin, "come closer let me see." The birthday lady walked towards the older lady. The older lady lifted her arm and slowly inserted it into the birthday lady's vagina. She touched around a little, after a few seconds she nodded her head with a sturgeon face, and pulled her arm out. "You're 68." The birthday lady's jaw dropped. "How did- how did you knew???" asked the astonished birthday lady. "Easy," responded the older lady, "I could hear you from here when you told the other folks."
Old Ms.Robinson went out into her backyard to do some gardening when she heard some noise coming from the yard next door.  She peered over the fence and saw that her neighbour's little daughter was digging a hole.  "Sally what are you doing with that shovel?" asked Ms.Robinson.  "My goldfish died, so I'm burying him." replied young Sally.  "Oh that's tragic.  I'm very sorry for your loss.  But why are you digging such a big hole for your goldfish?".  "Because your goddamn cat ate it!" My grandpa was always positive and loved telling jokes.  What are your favorite grandpa jokes?
"Pretentious? Moi?"
Little Caeser's
...it was intents!
You kill his family.
Nothing. You already told her twice
You can't gargle sand.
You can't gargle sand.
Princess Diana wouldn't be caught dead in a Volvo
Princess Diana wouldn't be caught dead in a Volvo
A man....
Ex Lax.
Joke away, redditors!
La Cross
None, they just beat the room for being black.
Douse it in gasoline and set it alight.
Respectacle
One less drunk. 
Respectacle
One less drunk. 
McRIP
He was so proud, he had it bronzed.
At least that dick had a stroke.   Thank you Hard times of RJ Berger
So you're the one.... (only if you answered "i don't know")
crust.
Well, I guess it was Kony a matter of time before he fucked up.
Divs within Divs within Divs ...

How do you make a space party? -You PLANet
Divs within Divs within Divs ...

How do you make a space party? -You PLANet
doesn't work anymore, now they just yell at me "fuck off you homeless begger".
You can throw your load in a washing machine and it won't follow you around for two weeks afterward
A: Everyone is taking out their Paddy-o furniture.
Patty O'Furniture.
That is a trick question, feminists can't change anything.
NONE!
A chicken and an egg are lying in bed. The chicken is smoking a cigarette with a satisfied smile on its face and the egg is frowning and looking a bit pissed off. The egg, looking a bit pissed off, grabs the sheet and rolls over and says "Well, I guess we finally answered THAT question."
Christopher Walken.
Everybody hates Pilipinos.
So they would have to know what it's like to live with an annoying cunt too.
Christopher Walken.
Everybody hates Pilipinos.
So they would have to know what it's like to live with an annoying cunt too.
He wanders through life wondering if there is a dog
Have you ever tried pulling apart a grilled cheese sandwich?
None of them, they don't exist!
None! ... They just beat the room for being black.
Soulja Boy
You guys are a bunch of assholes. 
Put a nipple on it!
Q: What did the samurai do when he was dishonored by his inability to complete the crossword puzzle? A: He committed ritual sudoku. 
A condom wasn't on my dick last night
Matt
A woman in her place...
Their last big hit was the wall.
Keep the tip.
Beethoven's Last Movement.
She loved two Mennonite.
Keep the tip.
Beethoven's Last Movement.
She loved two Mennonite.
same time next month? (hopefully not a repost)
yeah? LIKE IN THE MOUTH? THEN YOU'RE A GAY FISH
To get to your house. Knock knock... *who's there" It's the chicken!
Because gingers don't have Souls.
Because they aren't PC
Both start out with lots of excitement, but then everyone is just relieved when its over
They both bore the fuck out of you.
You'd be too if you came every 10 minutes.
A Canadian Indian picks up a hooker. 'How much do you charge for da hour, sister?' he asks. '$100,' she replies. He says 'Do you do Indian style?' 'No' she says. 'I pay you $200 to do it Indian  style' 'No', she says, not knowing what Indian style is. 'I pay you $300' 'No', she says. 'I pay you $400' 'No', she says. So finally he says, 'OK, I pay you $1,000 to do it Indian style.' She thinks, 'Well, I've been in the game for over 10 years now. I've had every kind of request from weirdos from every part of the world. How bad could Indian Style be?''. So she agrees and has sex with him. They do it in every kind of way and in every possible position. Finally, after several hours, they finish. Exhausted, the hooker turns to him and says, 'Hey, I was expecting something perverted and disgusting. But that was good. So what exactly is 'Indian style'?' The Indian replies 'You send da bill to da Government'
Because it doesn't take four years to learn how to make a sandwich.
The relationship was alright, but the make-up sex was amazing.
Nothing, they were both stuck up cunts.
The ceremony was okay, but the reception was great! 
Gang rape.
A Helenkelicopter.
A Roman Catholic
-Parents
Cognac
Cognac
mountain dew
He kept getting type cast.
He was already very familiar with loggin'  :D
He started to hear invoices in his head.
The Jaundice League
Take the F out of Free, and the F out of way and you'll have your answer.
He wipes his butt
Right before the tanks were full, he would pull out the nozzle and spray gas all over the car.
Take the F out of Free, and the F out of way and you'll have your answer.
He wipes his butt
Right before the tanks were full, he would pull out the nozzle and spray gas all over the car.
the customer wants the most bang for their buck.
one comes when children dream & the other dreams of children coming*.
Ex-stinky
One less drunk person.
He ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-changes.  (Sorry if repost)
Sorry...that was my fault. 
One of his fingers is clean
She couldn't keep her calves together.
She couldn't keep her calves together.
When the big hand touches the little hand.
A Doctor you fucking racist.
Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches.
black and yellow
I gets "jalapeno" business!
The double slit experiment.
black and yellow
I gets "jalapeno" business!
The double slit experiment.
Because mad cow disease was taken.
So they have something to play with on christmas. -inappropriate, but i think its funny. 
Nevermind, it's too cheesy.
Damn fuck shit screw you dickhead just one asshole twat cocksucker.
They're both terrible without cream.
Homeless
Inflamed 
Damn fuck shit screw you dickhead just one asshole twat cocksucker.
They're both terrible without cream.
Homeless
Inflamed 
Shit in her cunt.
They both leave little boys rooms with empty sacks.
He gets taller.
Getting tired of sandwich jokes before embarrassing oneself on one's first date.
Nah, I'm-a stay. 
A Tibetan monk on fire. 
You pay for the pizza.
A stick!
I wouldn't shoot heroin.
Make me one with everything.
The pizza can feed a family of 4.
You pay for the pizza.
A stick!
I wouldn't shoot heroin.
Make me one with everything.
The pizza can feed a family of 4.
Everyone.
Chestnuts What do you have when there's balls on your chin? A dick in your mouth. 
The sementary.
the Leafs are out!
A Viberator
Jelly is made by filtering out the fruit pulp after the initial heating, whereas jam contains the small pieces of chopped up fruit. I'm tired of seeing "I can't jelly my dick up your butt", so I wanted to give the correct answer.
The can
A Viberator
Jelly is made by filtering out the fruit pulp after the initial heating, whereas jam contains the small pieces of chopped up fruit. I'm tired of seeing "I can't jelly my dick up your butt", so I wanted to give the correct answer.
The can
He was looking for Finger Prince. (Say it out loud if you don't get it.)
What Is Difference Between Bomb And Condom.? In A Bomb Blast Population Decrease.. * But. . * In A Condom Blast Population Increase..!
A golden retriever
Hives.
Because they deserve it
Nothing. Someone's losing a trailer either way.
I can't jelly my dick into my girlfriend's ass.
'coz her pussy is hanging in the water!!
A rabbi. 
The wheelchair
The urge to crack open a cold one
The flavor gets stronger the closer you get to the butt.
Watching your parents fuck
A girls I work with claims to know them all and I need to win this :D
A girls I work with claims to know them all and I need to win this :D
I guess she never saw the light. 
their biggest hits were both the wall
He thought breathing was too mainstream
As a kid I always dreamt of travelling the world, learn about other cultures and write my own book. When my father passed away he left me enough money to do so. I decided it was time to fulfill my dream. One place my journey took me to was an island with an ancient tribe living on it that was almost untouched by western civilization. I decided to dedicate one chapter in my book to this tribe. It took me months to learn their language, but I finally managed to interview one of the natives. "What was the best thing that has happened to you here?" I asked. -"One time" he said, "a girl got lost in the jungle. When we found her the chief let everyone of us have sex with her as a reward." Of course I couldn't write that down, so I asked: "Is that really the best thing that happened to you?!" -"Well, now that you mention it: One day TWO girls got lost in the jungle. When we found them, everyone was allowed to have sex with them." I realized I'm not getting anywhere with this question, so I asked him: "Ok, what was the worst thing that has happened to you?"  He looked down.  "You see... one time, I got lost in the jungle."
Not march.
Ureapean / Urinepean.
A woman sits down next to another mother on a park bench as their kids played together on a playground in Keswick, and they got to talking. The woman was astonished that the other Mom had eleven children, all named Jayden. “Why did you call all your kids Jayden?" she asked her new friend. "It’s a great time-saver, I can just yell “JAYDEN, time for bed", and they all will come running". A perplexed look crossed the face of the first woman “But don’t you find it a little confusing? What if you only wanted to call one specific child, the second youngest, or the oldest? How do you get just their attention?” “Simple…” said the mother of eleven “…then I just call them by their LAST names”
A woman sits down next to another mother on a park bench as their kids played together on a playground in Keswick, and they got to talking. The woman was astonished that the other Mom had eleven children, all named Jayden. “Why did you call all your kids Jayden?" she asked her new friend. "It’s a great time-saver, I can just yell “JAYDEN, time for bed", and they all will come running". A perplexed look crossed the face of the first woman “But don’t you find it a little confusing? What if you only wanted to call one specific child, the second youngest, or the oldest? How do you get just their attention?” “Simple…” said the mother of eleven “…then I just call them by their LAST names”
So they can know how it feels to live with an irritating cunt! 
No? Neither have they
A: Because it was a little chicken on the inside.
A swallow.
Dr. Dre
A paragraph Cause he's to small to be an essé
The punchline is too long.
A dictator.
The punchline is too long.
A dictator.
A tribe of pygmies is a bunch of cunning runts.
Your mom can't take a joke.

Giving the pope an errection
In hareplanes.
Wipe your bloody dick on her teddy bear. 
A PILOT you fucking racist!
A PILOT you fucking racist!
He thought it was Coke!
King Arthur was getting ready to go on a Quest. He was worried about leaving his beautiful Queen Guinevere alone with all those lonely Knights of the Round Table.  So he went to his famous wizard, Merlin, for some advice. After explaining his predicament to Merlin, the wizard looked thoughtful and said to come back in a week and he’d see if he could come up with something. A week later King Arthur was back in Merlin’s laboratory where the good wizard was showing him his latest invention. It was a chastity belt... except it had a rather large hole in the most obvious place. "This is no good, Merlin!" the king exclaimed, "Look at this opening. How is this supposed to protect m’lady, the Queen?" "Ah, sire, just observe." said Merlin as he searched his cluttered workbench until he found what he was looking for. He then selected his most worn out wand, one that he was going to discard anyway. He then inserted it in the gaping aperture of the chastity belt whereupon a small guillotine blade came down and cut it neatly in two. "Merlin, you are a genius!" said the grateful monarch, "Now I can leave, knowing that my Queen is fully protected." After putting Guinevere in the device, King Arthur then set out upon his Quest. Several years passed until he returned to Camelot. Immediately he assembled all his knights in the courtyard and had them drop their trousers for an informal ’short arm’ inspection. Sure enough! Each and every one of them was either amputated or damaged in some way. All of them, except Sir Galahad. "Sir Galahad," exclaimed King Arthur, "The one and only true knight! Only you among all the nobles have been true to me. What is it in my power to grant you? Name it and it is yours!" But Sir Galahad was speechless.
Student: Why do we need to go to college? Teacher: So we can get a high paying job Student: Why do we need a high paying job Teacher: So we can get lots of money Student: Why do we need lots of money Teacher: So we can pay off our college loans
Anyone know of one? TIA
A: Your hair grows out in bangs.
I can't jelly my dick in your ass.
He got hit by a bus!
A Dell. 
Challah!
Challah!
"Make that change" 
He's all right now.
"I shit you not."
A sweet little girl runs out to the backyard where her father is working and asks him, "Daddy, what's sex?" So, her father sits her down and tells her all about the birds and the bees. He tells her about conception, sexual intercourse, sperms and eggs. He tells her about puberty, menstruation, erections and wet-dreams. Then he thinks, what the hell, and goes on to tell her the whole works, thinking that to tell it all is the only way to tell the truth. The girl is quite awestruck with this sudden influx of bizarre new knowledge. Her father finally asks, "So what made you wish to know about sex?" "Oh, mommy said lunch would be ready in a couple of secs..."
You wait all day for one then find out 48 other people in the local area have been riding on her.
Two. One to screw it in and one to film it. One, but it takes him fifty tries.
It's not really work if you love who you do.
My nigger and I can paint him any color I want.
Karate is a martial art, and Judo is what they make bagels from.
The club sandwich.
I love green 'cos it reminds me of blue.
Eskimo pi.
He found out he was actually 991 feet from the playground. 
She blows him out of the water
Because it would have been a fowl proceeding. 
A Mack truck, because it already has a little dog on top.
One is a snack cracker and the other is a crack snacker.
One is a snack cracker and the other is a crack snacker.
The applause was quite raptor-ous!
His other attempts to get his dick wet didn't work.
Red hairing.
"stationary shop moves" - Jimmy Carr  "I keep my porno tapes in my sock drawer, it's all you need in one place" - Jason Manford
Pretty impressive, but can it pick up peanuts?
I   have a Porsche in my garage.
"stationary shop moves" - Jimmy Carr  "I keep my porno tapes in my sock drawer, it's all you need in one place" - Jason Manford
Pretty impressive, but can it pick up peanuts?
I   have a Porsche in my garage.
They both should be changed regularly, for the same reason! 
Only a rapist would think the violation of a light socket by a foreign object is a matter to make jokes about.
What kind of file do you need to turn a 8mm hole into a 40mm hole? A pedophile
To get to the other side.
He was charged with battery.
He was charged with battery.
One causes a lot of pain and makes a constant high pitched whine. The other is a useful piece of medical equipment.
Eventually, you're going to put your tongue on both.
...he threw out the W's
Jews pick it before its ripe.
When we stopped having masturbation races.
After 10 years, the job still sucks. 
A fridge.

When we stopped having masturbation races.
After 10 years, the job still sucks. 
A fridge.

He was full of shit
Because it's worth it.
30 pounds. (and then the female come-back): What's the difference between a boyfriend and a husband?   45 minutes!
A guy goes to hell for his sins and meets Satan who tells him he has a choice of three punishments.  Satan walks him through each punishment The devil shows him the first punishment where they witness a man being lashed repeatedly The man cringes and says "Can I see the next one?" Satan shows the man his the second choice where they see a man being burned The man says "I guess I'll take a look at the third one before I make a choice..." Satan takes him to the room where the third punishment is happening where the guy sees his favorite female pornstar getting fucked in the ass The guy says "Alright...I'll pick this one?' "Are you sure?" the devil asks? "Yeah definitely!" The devil then walks up to the female pornstar and tells her "Here is your replacement"
He had his raisins . . .
30 pounds. (and then the female come-back): What's the difference between a boyfriend and a husband?   45 minutes!
A guy goes to hell for his sins and meets Satan who tells him he has a choice of three punishments.  Satan walks him through each punishment The devil shows him the first punishment where they witness a man being lashed repeatedly The man cringes and says "Can I see the next one?" Satan shows the man his the second choice where they see a man being burned The man says "I guess I'll take a look at the third one before I make a choice..." Satan takes him to the room where the third punishment is happening where the guy sees his favorite female pornstar getting fucked in the ass The guy says "Alright...I'll pick this one?' "Are you sure?" the devil asks? "Yeah definitely!" The devil then walks up to the female pornstar and tells her "Here is your replacement"
He had his raisins . . .
Women! 
50 cent featuring Nickleback.
You cant fit a prostitute in a bowling ball
They both have cockpits.
They both have cockpits.
They both spent a fortune making their noses more white.
4
He hated juice.
He always knew the final solution!
To the dump, to the dump, to the dump, dump, dump!
The.
The taste changes as you get closer to the butt.
When its ajar. 
It's not right, but it's OK 
A sunken chest with no booty! 
Failing to get away.
Don't worry, I pull out.
A! (hands raised up)
A! (hands raised up)
Because blonde guys are stupid too! 
They love to watch mistakes being made.

Because they all have phones!
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? When you smack it, the mosquito stops sucking.
Because they all they ever say is Bach! Bach! Bach!
Fucked
nothin'. she dun' been told twice.
nothin'. she dun' been told twice.
About 204 days.
Houston, TX will once again reach 98 degrees. 
Her last one
cuz she couldn't find the door handle
Did you hear about the jewish guy that walked into a wall with a boner? He broke his nose.
100% chance of snow 
An horse.
My car can hit 50.
I can't jelly my dick up your ass.
Whitney Houston's crack pipe
At Winners.
11 years old.
100% chance of snow 
An horse.
My car can hit 50.
I can't jelly my dick up your ass.
Whitney Houston's crack pipe
At Winners.
11 years old.
How does Moses make his tea? He brews it! ;)
Baby kangaroos.
My car can make it to 50.
They're both fun to watch tumble down stairs.
Say you're sorry, wipe him off, and run.
Sexy children.
A soviet rushin! (wackady shmackady doo)
A soviet rushin! (wackady shmackady doo)
Hawkward
Control+U
Its a trick question... Feminists cant change shit
He thought he was following someone.
Pi-curious.
Police reports state that it was intense. One of my favorite jokes for a long time; great if asked seriously to people you know. Bonus Balloons! 
One plays hard rock, the other is rock hard.

A pilot you racist.
Whitney Houston's Valentines Day Cards
My car can hit 50
A maid man.
My car can hit 50
A maid man.
Ring toss.
A gray and red hairy paste.
Or is it kinda like... Clap on, Clap off?
You can negotiate with a terrorist
Just one - you fucking bigot.
The Juan percent.
The orange has handlebars
Scratching at the lid of his coffin.
Scratching at the lid of his coffin.
About 1 in every 500 or 600 million have a chance at becoming human.
she might give you herbees
Because they're ugly and smell bad.
Because there is no try. 
What does being questioned by interpol have in common with cunnilingus? One slip of the tongue and you're in the shit
It's a pretty obscure number, you've probably never heard of it...
Women's rights. Just kidding, women redditors are cool.
This guy! (points at self)
Let's just say I'm buy-curious.
the ceiling
hopscotts.
hopscotts.
Eleph-ino
His Condoms fit like a glove.
A Cyborger
The taste
One comes from Baghdad and the other ones comes from Dads bag.
Bucaneer
"Bison."
 His first love be the C.
Keep the tip.
Seriously.  Guess.
A Pooper Grouper!!!!!
Because whenever they hear the world "launch", they go get something to eat.
Seriously.  Guess.
A Pooper Grouper!!!!!
Because whenever they hear the world "launch", they go get something to eat.
A well disguised orange!
Two bee stings What's worse than two bee stings? The Holocaust What's worse than the Holocaust? Three bee stings
in a hambulance.
He's running down the street with the bike under his arm.
Banging your head on the coffin lid.
in a hambulance.
He's running down the street with the bike under his arm.
Banging your head on the coffin lid.
He was polar.
A: Because it's Syria's business. (cross-post from   by request)
None.
Premature emasculation.
He took a bite before it was cool. 
...when it slips out.
Because it's as hard to get off as Alcatraz.
A bro job.
Because he was gay. 
Don't pay her.
Natural logs.
Because, I'm stronger then you are.
He worked it out with a pencil.
Tony.
A snailor!!
Vote
A snailor!!
Vote
A kidney dialysis machine.
To get to the other wife.
One's a crusty bus station... The other's a busty crustacean. 
Annette.
A large bench can support a family.
He went on furlong-er.
I know by times it's difficult to grasp foreign humour but please feel free to ask for clarification what we as French see funny.  To advanced learners it might serve as a confirmation and incite them to improve further.
Crabs on your organ.
"POOF!"
A young redneck girl wanted to go to the barn dance, so she approached her father and asked if she could borrow the truck.  The father replied, "Ya sure can, sweety, but first ya gotta suck mah dick." This wasn't the girl's first experience with this, so she promptly landed on both knees and proceeded to go to town on her dad.  After a few seconds she dropped the member out of her mouth.  "Gol-durn-it, Daddy, yer dick tastes like shit!" "Tarnation, that's right! I forgot yer brother borried the truck already."
Because if it were invented anywhere else, it'd be called a teethbrush.

you get a handjob at the same time
50cent feat. Nickelback
Because she didn't have arms. 
A box office
Because she didn't have arms. 
A box office
Holy Sheet!
The Dear Reader.
...to get to the other side
Just wait and they'll tell you.
Jamaican Bacon...
So she could make money on the side.
Because they're shellfish!!!
To get to the same side!
A slut sleeps with everyone A bitch sleeps with everyone, except you
A teabag.
To get to your house!!! Alright, that was a lame joke...here's another:
To get to your house!!! Alright, that was a lame joke...here's another:
A quarter pounder with cheese
She wasn't buckled in.
100. 1 to actually clean the shower, and 99 to stand around and talk about how filthy it is.
A not-see (Nazi).
Tiger Woods had a better driver! 
A young boy and his grandfather went fishing one afternoon, after a couple of hours of fishing, the grandfather opened a can of beer, the grandson noticed and asked, "Grandpa, can I have a sip of your beer?" His grandfather looked at him and said, "Grandson, Is your penis long enough to touch your ass?" The grandson replied, "NO!" "Then you’re not old enough.", said the grandfather. A couple of more hours went by, and the grandfather lit a cigarette. Again the grandson noticed and asked, "Grandpa, can I have a cigarette"? The grandfather replied, "Is your penis long enough to touch your asshole?" Again the grandson replied, "NO!"  "Well you’re not big enough to smoke yet.", said the grandfather. About an hour had passed and it began to get late, so the grandfather decided to pack it up and head for home.  On their way home they stopped at a store, grandpa bought two lottery tickets and gave his grandson one. Grandpa scratched his off, but didn’t win anything, The grandson scratched his off and won $10,000. Grandpa was all happy and surprised that his grandson had won and he asked, "Are you going to give some of that money to grandpa?"  The boy looked at him and replied, "Grandpa, is your penis big enough to touch your ass?" Grandpa looked at him for a moment, then replied, "YES!"  "Good, then go fuck yourself!", said the grandson.
Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey, Eh?
You pick it up and suck its dick!
Because of the holes in his hands.
Because of the holes in his hands.
He has no clutch.
Oh, the huge-manatee
He had two acres.
Because they have to
Her teacher told her to do an essay. (ese)
Give him a bloody tampon and ask him what period its from.
GO CEILING!!! WHOOOHOOO!!!! YOUR NUMBER ONE!! YAY, CEILING RULES!!!
Take ze bra off.
I don't know either, I walked out early too.
Give him a bloody tampon and ask him what period its from.
GO CEILING!!! WHOOOHOOO!!!! YOUR NUMBER ONE!! YAY, CEILING RULES!!!
Take ze bra off.
I don't know either, I walked out early too.
pennetration.
the extroverted engineer looks at   shoes.
To try and make up for the Holocaust.
pennetration.
the extroverted engineer looks at   shoes.
To try and make up for the Holocaust.
and what are the employees names?
There once was a fellow McSweeny  Who spilled some gin on his weenie Just to be couth  He added vermouth  Then slipped his girlfriend a martini 
I recently picked a new primary care doctor. After two visits  and exhaustive Lab tests, he said I was doing 'fairly well' for my age. (I am about to turn  SEVENTY-ONE).   A little concerned about that comment, I couldn't resist asking him, 'Do you think I'll live to be 80?' He asked, 'Do you smoke tobacco, or drink beer, wine or hard  liquor?'   'Oh no,' I replied. 'I'm not doing drugs, either!' Then he asked, 'Do you eat rib-eye steaks and barbecued ribs?'  'I said, 'Not much... my former doctor said that all red meat is very unhealthy!' 'Do you spend a lot of time in the sun, like playing golf, boating, sailing, hiking, or bicycling?'  'No, I don't,' I said. He asked, 'Do you gamble, drive fast cars, or have a lots of sex?' 'No,' I said... He looked at me and said........,      Then, why do you even give a shit?' 
There once was a fellow McSweeny  Who spilled some gin on his weenie Just to be couth  He added vermouth  Then slipped his girlfriend a martini 
I recently picked a new primary care doctor. After two visits  and exhaustive Lab tests, he said I was doing 'fairly well' for my age. (I am about to turn  SEVENTY-ONE).   A little concerned about that comment, I couldn't resist asking him, 'Do you think I'll live to be 80?' He asked, 'Do you smoke tobacco, or drink beer, wine or hard  liquor?'   'Oh no,' I replied. 'I'm not doing drugs, either!' Then he asked, 'Do you eat rib-eye steaks and barbecued ribs?'  'I said, 'Not much... my former doctor said that all red meat is very unhealthy!' 'Do you spend a lot of time in the sun, like playing golf, boating, sailing, hiking, or bicycling?'  'No, I don't,' I said. He asked, 'Do you gamble, drive fast cars, or have a lots of sex?' 'No,' I said... He looked at me and said........,      Then, why do you even give a shit?' 
Le Ouija
because he was outstanding in his field.
You can keep the tip.
I don't know; they were speaking Spanish.
Congress
because 7 RAPED 9!!
because 7 RAPED 9!!
Stand in the middle of the street. If someone yells, "hey, get out of the street" you're in the US.  If they yell, "get out of the street, eh" you're in Canada
"It's driving me nuts!"
"It's driving me nuts!"
Dr. Dre Didn't go over too well in  . 
Because there were 6 million Jews waiting for him in hell.
When she pulls out the tampon, the cotton's been picked clean.
The vortex bottle
A Cranky-Doodle-Dandy!
A mouse going on vacation.
They're both filled with white trash. -&y
50 Cent featuring Nickelback.
Manga-nese!
they're both fucking close to water
When was the last time you saw a baseball team penalized for too many men on the field?
The lawyer can't guarantee to get you off. 
I have no idea. I did hire four prostitutes once, but we did other stuff.
Connect the dots.
I have no idea. I did hire four prostitutes once, but we did other stuff.
Connect the dots.
Because they appreciate the creativity and artistry of Ella Fitzgerald, and enjoy listening to her music..... while pooping on each other.
Beef Strokinoff.
....because he picked Michael Jackson as his new assistant coach.
Uncle Ben's Perverted Rice
The hockey team showers after three periods.
The Dashboard
How do you get an 80 year-old woman to yell "F*ck"? You get another 80 year-old woman next to her to yell "BINGO"
Every other number.
The hockey team showers after three periods.
The Dashboard
How do you get an 80 year-old woman to yell "F*ck"? You get another 80 year-old woman next to her to yell "BINGO"
Every other number.
A few more beers.
Two. One to screw it in, and one to shoot him if he does it wrong.
In the books and movies, the trolls didn't type.
Camping. Its in tents.
hey, hugh, get off of mccloud.
Because they're racists. (Race-ists)
You take the ' ' out of ' ', and the ' ' out of ' '.
What's 10 inches, has a big red head and makes my girlfriend cry when i put it in her mouth? Her miscarriage 
It's all over town.
hey, hugh, get off of mccloud.
Because they're racists. (Race-ists)
You take the ' ' out of ' ', and the ' ' out of ' '.
What's 10 inches, has a big red head and makes my girlfriend cry when i put it in her mouth? Her miscarriage 
It's all over town.
It's pitiful.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
He was always feeling cocky.
Immaculate Infection
Balzac
Rick O'Shay
...He wore a scarf before it was cool.
Balzac
Rick O'Shay
...He wore a scarf before it was cool.
akjnveoajknoea
Make it sew number 1!
Dr. Dre
Dr. Dre
Oral sex makes your day. Anal sex makes your hole weak.
Great food but half an hour later, you are hungry for power.
In his sleevies!
You: Start off by telling a story about some crazy thing that supposedly happened to you that morning. When you're to the point in the story where it's time for you to explain how you dealt with the situation, say "So, I decided I had to go to the store for a henway..." Subject: In most cases, your listener will ask, "What's a henway?" You: And you will answer, "Oh about two or three pounds." Tag on a quizzical "Why do you ask?" for bonus laughs. You: "This morning I saw a duckdo." (pronounced duck doo) Subject: "What's a duckdo?" You: Simply say, "Quack Quack!" You: "Whoa did you see that hammercaust?" Subject: "What's a hammercaust?" You:"About 20 bucks" You:"Yesterday at work we were trying to fix the dickfor?" Subject: "What's a dickfor" You:"Fucking"
Because air is free.
You won't get fucked if you drop SOPA.
You won't get fucked if you drop SOPA.

Jose and Hose B
Two, One to hold the light and, one to drink until the room starts spinning!
Bait.
To remind black people that they picked cotton before they sold drugs.
Go to the north pole and dig a hole in the ice. Set some peas around the hole and when the polar bear comes to take a pea, you kick it in the  ice-hole.
Neither did he.
Bait.
To remind black people that they picked cotton before they sold drugs.
Go to the north pole and dig a hole in the ice. Set some peas around the hole and when the polar bear comes to take a pea, you kick it in the  ice-hole.
Neither did he.
Nothing.
Kidnap his princess.
Graham-crackers... "wokka wokka"
a baby in a microwave.
Graham-crackers... "wokka wokka"
a baby in a microwave.
...a Stick!
Coal-Ala
Not on January 18th.
Dr. Dre 
Grass, I lied about the wheels.
Just Ants. Credit: My friend, the PUNisher.
Nail it's other hand to the floor.
Just Ants. Credit: My friend, the PUNisher.
Nail it's other hand to the floor.
Because they are two tired.
...with a crowbar.
Nicosting!
Om and cheese Hamlets.
A pool table.
Just look for the fresh prints.
Don't talk to the guy in the middle, he's a dick
Son: Dad, is God man or a woman? Dad: His both, son. Son: Dad, is God black or white? Dad: His both, son. Son: Dad, is God good or bad? Dad: His both, son. Son: Dad, is God - Michael Jackson?
You take the "I" out of "thimble" and the "F" out of "way."
"GOP" is onomatopoeic: it's the sound of anonymous penetration in public bathrooms late at night. -&y
A ball point banana!
Not Reich now.
Synonym Toast Crunch
What did the Vietnamese architect say to the Chinese post man? CHING CHONG 
What did the Vietnamese architect say to the Chinese post man? CHING CHONG 
Wassabee?!?!
Bunny farts! Yup ya walked right into that one
About half way
Well, the first one shoots and shoots and never hits... whilst the second one hoots and hoots, and never shits! (aaaaand queue the skyrim references in 3...2...1...)
None, feminists cant change anything
nothing they just waved. 
It wooden move.
He holds the light-bulb over the socket and waits for the world to revolve around him.
An airplane! haha Wright brothers :-) I made this joke when I was in Junior high
Sleigher
It's   are all red and glossy.
You boil the Hell out of it.
The Captain's Log.
You can unscrew a lightbulb. Yes, I know this is a 30+ year old joke, but hope it gave some people a chuckle
Failure to pull out in time
His parents were in a jam.
A swallow
Hey wanna go ride bikes?
It only takes one nail to hang an oil painting.
It only takes one nail to hang an oil painting.
He was up all last night wondering if there is a cunt.
Jimmy Dean is sausage in the skillet, James Dean was hamburger on the road.
Fifty pounds and a flannel shirt.
Eh.
Just one, but he has to see Radiohead do it first.
For giving arms to Iraq. 
He's only got those little legs. 
Gee I'm a tree!
Who are you?
A genealogist looks up your family tree. A gynecologist looks up your family bush.
The porcupine has pricks on the outside Sorry but after seeing about 5 reposts today, I thought it was open season.  
Sure, a long as you don't get in the habit. 
Going inside and asking for a coat hanger.
Fuck you god damn shit cunt just one of us asshole bitch bastard!
Too many thank you notes to write afterwards.
Their wheelchairs
No? I just got it on vinyl
A handgun can't suck a dick.
At the circus you see cunning stunts.

Wanna race?
One to attempt to screw it in and the rest to bitch and complain about how its mans fault that it's so hard to do.
One to attempt to screw it in and the rest to bitch and complain about how its mans fault that it's so hard to do.
I lay down and you blow me to heavens!
National Dyslexic Association
The nintendo cartridge has steadily gotten more blowjobs since the 80s. 
It's ionic.
They both squirm when you eat them
HAY HAY HAY!
They're huge blubbermouths.
A flap in the face. 
A squirrel with a nut having sex. Another squirrel sees her and asks: "Are you fucking crazy?" "No, I'm fucking nuts!"
Anybody Home? Yes, I am alone come in (house wife) Husband: WTF!  (who came early from the office)
A flap in the face. 
A squirrel with a nut having sex. Another squirrel sees her and asks: "Are you fucking crazy?" "No, I'm fucking nuts!"
Anybody Home? Yes, I am alone come in (house wife) Husband: WTF!  (who came early from the office)
Beating LSU once, Geaux Tigers!!!
“Thirty six thousand, twenty four thousand, thirty six thousand, wow!”
'Cause the grass tickles their balls when they run 
I can't jelly my dick in your ass.
19 . Got a problem with that?
“Come behind the pyramid, I'll make you a mummy”
To get to the other side of the story.
For twenty bucks either'll take care of your toddler. -&y (yup, mine)
Because he uses the best ingredients.
A vaccation
He ate it before it was cool.
When all the hot dogs taste like shit.
They're both usually found with beer and inbred. -&y (written by moi)
Americans don't get them.
Enough to kill two and a half men
I don't know - normally they screw in the casting director's hot tub
Luke warm.
He used to lie awake all night wondering if there was a dog.
They both smell it but they can't eat it.
Q: Why do little girls carry goldfish in their pockets? A: To smell like big girls.
Just Juan.
I don't got shit.
Q: Why do little girls carry goldfish in their pockets? A: To smell like big girls.
Just Juan.
I don't got shit.
Throw it on the ground and tamp on it.
Mountain Jew!
Christopher Walken
Redditation. I am so sorry... that was horrible.
They should have acted.
He didn't want to be mainstream.
I hear he got alittle behind in his work
He didn't want to be mainstream.
I hear he got alittle behind in his work
I can't marmalade my cock into my girlfriend's arse
Because they train hard....
Take away her blanket!
No, but a tin can.
He was too  .
WA-TAHHHHH! Edit:   and   are correct... Ninjas are silent killers. So, it should read: "What is Bruce Lee's favorite beverage."
a liquor closet
I knee'd it.
TREE O'clock!
See you next month.
TREE O'clock!
See you next month.
None, no light bulb dare go out in the presence of Chuck Norris. 
A dumpster. LOLOLOLOL
Potato.
Cell phones
Reaching around the front and thinking, just for a second, that's it's gone all the way through
It runs in the genes
Roberto
Gay Pride.
'Cause the sound of a zipper scares the FUCK out of sheep.
He got a clit around the ear and a flap on the face.
Choked.
"Let's do lunch."
He got a clit around the ear and a flap on the face.
Choked.
"Let's do lunch."
He was stalin. 
There are skidmarks before the dog.
He wipes his ass.
A porcupine has the pricks on the outside.
"Brace yourself, Linda-Lou"
One is made of plastic and poses a suffocation hazard to small children. The other one contains newspapers.
My zipper.
A: The bucket.
Mine's 1920x1080.
Mine's 1920x1080.
The balls drop.
Never mind it's too long.
Second gear.
Nice tits!
Cancer. Happy new years folks!
Because she wasn't wearing her seat-belt.  Stay safe tonight everyone!
I don't know, that's a good question.
Everyone hates the black ones!
It's the only sport where you can shoot, steal and run!
he ate the pizza before it was cool.
There can only be Juan.
A fucking asshole.
‎"That fat, selfish faggot that chose the pension over saving our lives."
‎"That fat, selfish faggot that chose the pension over saving our lives."
Pat
There is no lunch.
BA NA NA NA. BA NA NA NA.
When you pull out her tampon and all the cotton is picked.
I can't peanut butter my dick up your ass
an elephant.
Hee-Haw
Arrrrrrrg matey it be the C.
Because it's waaay easier to swallow
A. A stick!
One is a bird watcher, and the other is a word botcher. 
It was all over town.
Paul christoforo
0 Hz
Behind the Maple Leafs' net.
The know-kn0thing party.
Paper-view
The know-kn0thing party.
Paper-view
Four skindivers
Cause it keeps on Dublin and Dublin.
Half a dog!
The truck's fault. What was it doing in the kitchen?
Telling your parents you are gay.
Well I can't peanut butter my dick up ur ass.
About $100,000
Santa stops at 3 Ho's (sorry if it's a re-post)
You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.
He knows where the naughty girls live.
Ugly sheep. 
one is a crusty bus station.
The clamshell-shucker shucks between fits...
one has hope in her soul.
one shucks between fits.
Pregnant. 
Christopher Walken
It's Christmas, Eve!
By looking over your shoulder.
"Something to wear would be nice" she said, "but in the colour black." "Why black?" I replied. "Because it makes people looks slimmer" She's going to be pissed off when she finds out I bought her a Darth Vader costume.
About 6 drinks
Corduroy.
It's not there. 
Snowballs.
Purrrjury
A blonde at a flashing red light.
Fa Drizzle
Nun. But really, its easier to rape little boys in the dark.
Because he knows where all the naughty girls live. 
Nun. But really, its easier to rape little boys in the dark.
Because he knows where all the naughty girls live. 
It has a Dark side, a Light side and it binds the galaxy together.
Kick his sister in the jaw.
Trick question. Feminists don't change anything
The dishes, if she knows what's good for her.
With little nazis. 
Shelfish
Turn it inside out, and shake the fuck out of it.
Hi - mind if I push in your stool?
Hi - mind if I push in your stool?
He worked it out with a pencil.
Best part of fucking 21 year olds? Theres 20 of them
Super-callous-fragile-mystic-hexed-with-halitosis 
Doctors Without Boners
Keep the tip.
Stalking stuffers.
Super-callous-fragile-mystic-hexed-with-halitosis 
Doctors Without Boners
Keep the tip.
Stalking stuffers.
...you put the duck in the microwave on high until it's Bill Withers.
Tell her a joke Wednesday.
A noyd.
Only 25...because there's Noel.
Tell her a joke Wednesday.
A noyd.
Only 25...because there's Noel.
I don't know why you're shaking, she's gonna eat me. 
Doing the reach around and pretending you went all the way through.
Because they're object oriented. 
A Lamb-orghini!
Because they're object oriented. 
A Lamb-orghini!
One is a bar room, and one is a Barooooooooooooom!
Cancer.
Boobies!
Because Rudolph is the only deer leader at Christmas.
_You'd look pretty funny riding a cow...but you'd look much worst milking a bike
Just one, but they get extra credits for it
An exam.
ROR! No one raugh in North Korea!
Guy runs into a bar in a panic. "Does anybody here own a five-foot penguin?" he yells. Everyone looks around and shakes their heads no. "Oh fuck" says the guy, "I think I just ran over a nun."
You go on a head, I'll hang back with these two
I guess that's the end of HIS Korea.
Santa must be taking his naughty list a tad seriously this year.
Because it is fiddly!
... because 
Sunday, because it's so holy.
They are basically the same except you do an Australian kiss down under.
A pool table.
Because she will squeal on you. 
Elvis Parsley
Someone who knocks on your door at 6 a.m. for no reason.
Little Johnny asks his mom "Can little girls have babies?" Little Johnny's mom looks puzzled and replies "Of course not." Little Johnny excitedly runs back to the window and yells to little Sally "It's OK! we can play that game again!"
For Christmas, the children brought gifts for their teacher.  The supermarket manager's daughter brought the teacher a basket of assorted fruit.  The florist's son brought the teacher a bouquet of flowers.  The candy-store owner's daughter gave the teacher a pretty box of candy.  Then the liquor-store owner's son brought up a big, heavy box. The teacher lifted it up and noticed that it was leaking a little bit. She touched a drop of the liquid with her finger and tasted it.  "Is it wine?" she guessed.  "No," the boy replied.  She tasted another drop and asked,"Champagne?”  "No," said the little boy............."It's a puppy!" 
A cock that sticks to roof of your mouth...
Only one more sleep until Christmas!
Only one more sleep until Christmas!
Because Ken always comes in a different box.
No peer pressure.
One less drunken Irishman 
A battery has a positive side.
The sweat that drops off your forehead while you're fucking your sister. What's the definition of endless love? Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles playing tennis.
Two. One to change the bulb and the other to hold my penis—I mean my mother—I mean the ladder.
Bro sure!
He ate it before it was cool.
Once you’ve heard Juan, you’ve heard Jamal!
Force of Hobbit.
There is 20 of them!!!
Because he comes down the chimney. 
Once you’ve heard Juan, you’ve heard Jamal!
Force of Hobbit.
There is 20 of them!!!
Because he comes down the chimney. 
Hiyooooo Miyazaki.
Ellipsis S. Grant.
When you see your mother-in-law backing off a cliff in your brand new car. 
Never leave your buddy's behind.
Finally, an occupy movement that makes cents.
A cock block!
Finally, an occupy movement that makes cents.
A cock block!
A little drunk.
I don't give a shit.
Jokes as in "why did the chicken cross the road" not as in "live wasps".
I don't know but Alaska 
Karate is a method of self defense and judo is what bagels are made of.
They chip their teeth.
Karate is a method of self defense and judo is what bagels are made of.
They chip their teeth.
Roll up her sleeve!
-A widow.
Because they were caught mass debating in the bathroom.
a doberman
Out with Xeold, in with Xenu! :P
A turfucken.
I'm an avid racist and like to have plenty of denigrating jokes at the ready for any particular race. Sadly I know very few targeted at Caucasians, and the ones I do know make them look sorta good (rich, stable, part of ruling elite). Anybody know any jokes that poke fun at being white?
The ultra sound guy. Who's the coolest guy when he's not around? The hip replacement guy.
a doberman
Out with Xeold, in with Xenu! :P
A turfucken.
I'm an avid racist and like to have plenty of denigrating jokes at the ready for any particular race. Sadly I know very few targeted at Caucasians, and the ones I do know make them look sorta good (rich, stable, part of ruling elite). Anybody know any jokes that poke fun at being white?
The ultra sound guy. Who's the coolest guy when he's not around? The hip replacement guy.
...Because he knows where all the bad girls live!
yo get off me, homes!
Wubbing one out.
Concentrated Juice.
Hebrews it
They vote.
Concentrated Juice.
Hebrews it
They vote.
Because it was dead. 
Their last big hit was the wall.
When the big hand touches the little hand
Neil Armstrong was the first man to walk on the moon... Michael Jackson fucks little boys
Because it saw the salad dressing
You don't... They're born that way
Nothing... They've never met
Their last big hit was the wall.
When the big hand touches the little hand
Neil Armstrong was the first man to walk on the moon... Michael Jackson fucks little boys
Because it saw the salad dressing
You don't... They're born that way
Nothing... They've never met
To get to the other slide.
An ephebophile
Me: Sorry boss, i can't come in today, i have a wee cough Boss: you have a wee cough? Me:Really?! thanks boss, see you next week!
Right where ya left him.
One makes your day, the other makes your hole weak
The Box Office.
The 7 dwarfs are a bunch of cunning runts...
Me: Sorry boss, i can't come in today, i have a wee cough Boss: you have a wee cough? Me:Really?! thanks boss, see you next week!
Right where ya left him.
One makes your day, the other makes your hole weak
The Box Office.
The 7 dwarfs are a bunch of cunning runts...
Who cares?

A mother who has just given birth waits expectantly for the nurse to return so she can hold her baby. A few minutes pass, and the nurse enters with the baby in her hands. The nurse then drops the baby on the ground, stomps on it's head and kicks it out of the window. The mother starts screaming 'My baby, my baby!!' The nurse looks at the lady and says 'April Fools! He was already dead!'
So far, 400 bodies have been recovered.
Kermit's finger.
-  somethin'.
A vegetarian.
Two, but don't ask me how they got in there
3 women are having a conversation about their sex lives. The first woman has been married 1 year. "My husband and I have 'house sex' because we do it anywhere in the house, any time." The second woman has been married 10 years. "We have 'bedroom sex' which is only in the bedroom after the kids have gone to sleep." The third woman has been married 30 years. "My husband and I have 'hallway sex'... We pass each other in the hallway and say 'screw you!'"
Eventually both will be nailed by a mexican
A mother who has just given birth waits expectantly for the nurse to return so she can hold her baby. A few minutes pass, and the nurse enters with the baby in her hands. The nurse then drops the baby on the ground, stomps on it's head and kicks it out of the window. The mother starts screaming 'My baby, my baby!!' The nurse looks at the lady and says 'April Fools! He was already dead!'
So far, 400 bodies have been recovered.
Kermit's finger.
-  somethin'.
A vegetarian.
Two, but don't ask me how they got in there
3 women are having a conversation about their sex lives. The first woman has been married 1 year. "My husband and I have 'house sex' because we do it anywhere in the house, any time." The second woman has been married 10 years. "We have 'bedroom sex' which is only in the bedroom after the kids have gone to sleep." The third woman has been married 30 years. "My husband and I have 'hallway sex'... We pass each other in the hallway and say 'screw you!'"
Eventually both will be nailed by a mexican
A creepy crawly!
Fo' Drizzle!
Because he had a javelin through his head.
Because he had a javelin through his head.
I threw my old Ironing board out and have started using Katie Price instead. Her legs are easier to open.
Cause I don't wanna be specific
Being raped by a giant scorpion.
Ineptitut.
Yojimbo Wales! (Joke stolen from co-worker)
I found the rubberband!
0x809ACC0E!
Yojimbo Wales! (Joke stolen from co-worker)
I found the rubberband!
0x809ACC0E!
Where ever you left it.
So they could play football on Saturday, go hunting on Sunday, and pick up garbage the rest of the week.
They both paralyze superman
It completely mist!
because he mufasa.
A belly button.
If they flew over the bay, they'd be called Baygulls.
Christopher Walken.
cantaloupe... 
because he mufasa.
A belly button.
If they flew over the bay, they'd be called Baygulls.
Christopher Walken.
cantaloupe... 
A: the Ben-gals
A Leek!
Because one egg is un oeuf.
The energy bill ...
Last I heard, she was three months stagnant.
An impasta.
"Nigiri, please."
"Nigiri, please."
two cannibals in a 69
Patty O'Furniture
Because pepper would make them sneeze.
never mind its too long
Occupational hazard. 
If they were any bigger their babies would get alcohol poisoning.
A: A hick-UP
A: A hick-UP
A good time ruined by a period. 
He was found dead in the morning, drowned in his tee-pee.
the boomerang came back ='(
I feel so enlightninged!  
A liar. 
Because deep down they're good people.
Santa Claus rolling down a roof!
Because the hardware store clerk was a 300 pound flaming homosexual, and I was afraid to ask him for a screw 
Because they never leave a tip.
Because it was my first wank in two weeks.
Beef Jerky
Because they never leave a tip.
Because it was my first wank in two weeks.
Beef Jerky
Jerry's Kids.
A pickpocket snatches watches.
DAM.
A boobee!
A: Russian 
Sprint to your room, grab all the dirty clothes you can, and start saving money on laundry.
It's called Thrown Games.
It's called Thrown Games.
A: Boxing
One eventually turns white and stops stinking.
Women.
The Rolling Stones say "Hey! You! Get off of my cloud!" And a Scottsman says "Hey McLeod, get of me ewe!"
reruns
A guy sticks his head into a barbershop and asks, "How long before I can get a haircut?"The barber looks around the shop and replies, "About two hours." The guy closes the door and leaves.A few days later, the same guy sticks his head in the door and asks, "How long before I can get a haircut?"The barber looks around the shop full of customers and says, "About two hours." Once again, the guy turns and leaves the shop.A week later, the same guy sticks his head in the shop and asks, "How long before I can get a haircut?"The barber looks around the shop and answers, "About an hour and a half." The guy walks out quickly.The barber, curious, looks over at a friend in the shop and says, "Hey Bill, follow that guy and see where he goes."A little while later, Bill comes back into the shop laughing. The barber asks, "Bill, where did the guy go when he left here?""To your house."
The German.
Once your done with breasts and the thighs, all you have left to do is stick your bone in a greasy box...
"That's sweet, ain't it?"
The Rolling Stones say "Hey! You! Get off of my cloud!" And a Scottsman says "Hey McLeod, get of me ewe!"
reruns
A guy sticks his head into a barbershop and asks, "How long before I can get a haircut?"The barber looks around the shop and replies, "About two hours." The guy closes the door and leaves.A few days later, the same guy sticks his head in the door and asks, "How long before I can get a haircut?"The barber looks around the shop full of customers and says, "About two hours." Once again, the guy turns and leaves the shop.A week later, the same guy sticks his head in the shop and asks, "How long before I can get a haircut?"The barber looks around the shop and answers, "About an hour and a half." The guy walks out quickly.The barber, curious, looks over at a friend in the shop and says, "Hey Bill, follow that guy and see where he goes."A little while later, Bill comes back into the shop laughing. The barber asks, "Bill, where did the guy go when he left here?""To your house."
The German.
Once your done with breasts and the thighs, all you have left to do is stick your bone in a greasy box...
"That's sweet, ain't it?"
do you smell carrots?
Most of them don't work out.
2 squared!
Because she's fucking dead.
"You stay here, I'll go on ahead...."
Because she's fucking dead.
"You stay here, I'll go on ahead...."
A maggot, of course!
We're both constantly penetrating your Mom.
A maggot, of course!
We're both constantly penetrating your Mom.
I was standing in a bar and this little Chinese guy comes in and stands next to me. I said to him, "Do you know any of those martial arts things, like Kung-Fu, Karate or Ju-Jitsu?" He says "No. Why the fuck you ask me dat, is it coz I Chinees"? "No", I said, "It's because you're drinking my fucking beer you slanty eyed little prick".  
A small medium at-large?
Three sleeps 'till Christmas!
Taco crumbs
A small medium at-large?
Three sleeps 'till Christmas!
Taco crumbs

They have enough on their plate already.
A Jet-ski.
None. They already did it before it was cool.
The codpiece he made out of his girlfriend's face.
It had concavities...
Because if they had 4 doors, they would be called chicken sedans...
It stops on a dime then picks it up.
I really love jokes with the construction: What's the difference between x and y? One is a(n) __________ and the other is a __________  Now, the thing that kills me about these is where there's the turn in the punchline, like (making this up): What's the difference between your mom and a dog? One tries to lick its own asshole and the other one is a dog. Obviously my joke is awful, but does my construction make sense? Does anyone know what this is called? Is there a name for it? I feel like I need a joke expert like some people know literary devices!
because he was smoking quack!
A snow tire doesnt sing when you put chains on it.
Mine is, "My dick is so big that, at the movie theater, popcorn comes in small, medium, large and my dick."
there's no snow between the kitchen and the bedroom.
.... Trick question! There's no such thing as Nickelback fans. (I will be hated by few)
A cow to another: "Did you hear about that mad cow disease? Makes cows go completely insane!" The other cow: "Good thing I'm a helicopter!"
A cow to another: "Did you hear about that mad cow disease? Makes cows go completely insane!" The other cow: "Good thing I'm a helicopter!"
In a photo albumen...
He was too far out!
They both tried to run a country and died before finishing.
To get to the Occupy! EDIT: To get to the other side/Occupy?
Nine-Nine-Nine
Nine-Nine-Nine
It was rated PG-13, and he was only 11. Plus, he had no money, and his mother didn't want him watching movies like that. 
Noble rocks
everyone threw their hands in
rabbit farts
What do you say to piss off a redditor?
We saw that same joke two days ago
What do you say to piss off a redditor?
We saw that same joke two days ago
fünf (it helps if you say it out loud, and understand German) :-)
Chemistry teacher drew this during class.   Don't know how to type spoilers, but maybe rot13 will do. Vg'f n cnenqbk.
Because there's a perfectly good clock on the stove
Two wives.
You gotta sit in the back of the oven...
So they won't whistle on the way down.

Warm milk before bed... Get your mind out of the gutter!
Om-bre
The more they're forced on you as a child, the more you hate them as an adult!
The wheelchair.
The more they're forced on you as a child, the more you hate them as an adult!
The wheelchair.
Society. Whats black on top and white on bottom? rape.
AIDS
You don't know man, you weren't there!
None, let the bitch do the ironing in the dark.
It was done in A minor.
So the attendees could get some face-time.
A PILOT you racists!
Full
It's a really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
A drunken Irishmen at 3am. [EDIT]: This isn't meant to be sexist, it is self-defamation.
A lesbian with a hard on.
A PILOT you racists!
Full
It's a really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
A drunken Irishmen at 3am. [EDIT]: This isn't meant to be sexist, it is self-defamation.
A lesbian with a hard on.
'cause it's white and all over their fucking land!
Give her a shovel.
Because she was a woman.
A man returns home a day early from a business trip. It’s after midnight. While en route home he asks the cabby if he would be a witness. The man suspects his wife is having an affair and he wants to catch her in the act. For $100, the cabby agrees. Quietly arriving home, the husband and cabby tip toe into the bedroom. The husband switches on the lights, yanks the blanket back and there is his wife in bed with another man! The husband puts a gun to the naked man’s head. The wife shouts, "Don’t do it! I lied when I told you I inherited money. HE paid for the Corvette I gave you. HE paid for our new cabin cruiser. HE paid for your season Pittsburgh Steelers tickets. HE paid for our house at the lake. HE paid for our country club membership, and HE even pays the monthly dues!" Shaking his head from side-to-side, the husband lowers the gun. He looks over at the cabby and says, "What would you do?" The cabby replies, "I’d cover his ass with that blanket before he catches cold."
So the deaf can enjoy them.
So the deaf can enjoy them.
Hit an Ethiopian in the head with a frying pan.
Having to sit in the back of the oven. (these do not reflect my personal views)
Why not Trape oidberg
Pizzas don't scream in the oven.
Having to go inside and ask for a coathanger.
100. One to actually clean it, and 99 to talk about how dirty it is.
He ate his pizza before it was cool
The Holocaust. What's worse than two bee stings? Still the Holocaust. What's worse than the Holocaust? Three bee stings. good'ole anti-humor haha
They're both afraid of showers
Self-employed
Chee-zits I made this up.    Thank you, thank you...thank you so much.
National Stutterers Association. 
Philip Glass. (fill up glass)

me neither.
He types, "HALOL"
Reddit snow, reddit snow, reddit snow!
Reddit snow, reddit snow, reddit snow!
I hit that.
As long as i'm welcomed. Oh, that's too bad, you should at least stay for a cup of coffee
There is this guy I know, and he absolutely HATES the master-baiter joke. It is the fucking dumbest joke, I know, but this guy hates the word "masturbation" for some odd reason. He hates it so much that he gets red in the face from screaming at me and threatening to stab me, among other co-workers, in the parking lot. Everyone else in the office (including me) tries to subtely slip in into conversation with him, even substituting words instead of "baiter".  It is all in good fun, he makes jokes about everyone else and we have a good laugh doing it.  Example: I asked him if he beat Killer Croc in Batman, he said yes.  That makes you a "Master-Gator". He loses his shit. I think i've exhausted all of my leads (using master-braider, master-bader (as in ryan Bader, the UFC fighter), those are just to name a couple. Can anyone else help me set up a joke so it sounds like "master-baiter?" It would have to be set up something like this. Did you see that UFC fight last night with Ryan Bader? Yeah? Why? So would you consider yourself to be a "Master-Bader?" Any help would be appreciated.
The refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull your meat out of it. 
There is this guy I know, and he absolutely HATES the master-baiter joke. It is the fucking dumbest joke, I know, but this guy hates the word "masturbation" for some odd reason. He hates it so much that he gets red in the face from screaming at me and threatening to stab me, among other co-workers, in the parking lot. Everyone else in the office (including me) tries to subtely slip in into conversation with him, even substituting words instead of "baiter".  It is all in good fun, he makes jokes about everyone else and we have a good laugh doing it.  Example: I asked him if he beat Killer Croc in Batman, he said yes.  That makes you a "Master-Gator". He loses his shit. I think i've exhausted all of my leads (using master-braider, master-bader (as in ryan Bader, the UFC fighter), those are just to name a couple. Can anyone else help me set up a joke so it sounds like "master-baiter?" It would have to be set up something like this. Did you see that UFC fight last night with Ryan Bader? Yeah? Why? So would you consider yourself to be a "Master-Bader?" Any help would be appreciated.
The refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull your meat out of it. 
Ones a cunning runt the other is a running cunt. 
Because he only comes once a year and it is always down the chimney.
It made him mean.
You know, it's down by the Burger King... yeah yeah, right down there. I drove past earlier and there was a bunch of Native Americans all standing out front. Yeah I know right, there was a huge crowd of 'em out front, they wouldn't let them in. Turns out, they didn't have reservations.
My donation cheque to "Children in Need".
...they've both had a Downey Jr. inside them.
A pilot , you racist dumbass...
Hitler.
They both moan like hell when they come, and take the house when they leave.
She wanted to wash up on shore
He worked it out with a pencil
The sign said "No Trespassing" (TRES-Passing)
Borders
A meowntain.
It was bacon.
Knock knock Who's there? Daisy. Daisy who? DAISY ME ROLLIN, THEY HATIN
Two, but I don't know how they'll fit inside the bulb
He opened a warehouse.
You could always see him coming.
A man and a woman end up on a deserted island. He is desperate and cries:" oh, honey we're gonna die so young. Nobody will ever find us here!!!" She is very calm and relaxed. "Don't panic , dear, we'll be OK in few hours, I forgot to pay our VISA bill, the'll find us, don't worry"
You could always see him coming.
A man and a woman end up on a deserted island. He is desperate and cries:" oh, honey we're gonna die so young. Nobody will ever find us here!!!" She is very calm and relaxed. "Don't panic , dear, we'll be OK in few hours, I forgot to pay our VISA bill, the'll find us, don't worry"
They spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
Natalie.
John's dad is a Jew and his mom is a Gipsy. one day john asks his dad: what am I , a Jew or a Gipsy ?" dad: "why is that important to you?" John: "It's very important because Bob has a new bike and I don't know what to do: steal it or negotiate with him..."
They come from rape seed.
Well-hung.
His dick tastes like shit.
They always finish last.
Because no one man should have all that flour.
Nothing.  They were both stuck up cunts...
Pick it up and suck its dick...
He was a vegetaryan.
It might take me awhile to get hard, I just got laid last night.
He was a vegetaryan.
It might take me awhile to get hard, I just got laid last night.
One woman brings you into this world crying and the other ensures you continue to do so.
Making them!!!
Stew.
Cause she doesn't want a Dog thats more intelligent than her!
Herpeas.
Legs.  Spread the word!
an Entre"manure"   
I don't know, just some dude.
Herpeas.
Legs.  Spread the word!
an Entre"manure"   
I don't know, just some dude.
He gets there before the hair...
Why on earth would you do that?
A: Nothing - he'll just return it!
He knows where all the bad girls live
start with a big one
Phil
They've both got a dog fighting crime.
So a pirate captain is walking along the deck of his ship, when all of a sudden the crier in the crows-nest yells "Spanish treasure ship getting within range!" So the captain rallies his men, and calls to his first mate "First mate, get me my lucky red shirt". The captain puts the shirt on and the pirates battle bravely and kill all the Spaniards and get an enormous horde of gold. After the battle, the first mate asks "Captain, why do you always wear that red shirt when we battle?" to which the captain replies "Ah, well, see if I wear this shirt, if I'm wounded in battle the men won't see me bleeding, and will fight on as though their captain was still with them." To which the first mate replies "Wow, how brave of you, sir. I'm honored to have you as my captain!" The next day, the captain is walking along the deck, when the crier calls out "Cap'n, they're coming in from all directions! I must have counted at least 15 galleons!" The captain gulps and says to the men "Well mateys, we've had a good run, and spilled a lot of blood together. But if we're going down, we're going down fighting!" As the men prepare the cannons and get their weapons ready, the captain calls to the first mate "First mate, get me my lucky red shirt, and my lucky brown pantaloons"
They can't find the right key and don't know when to come in.
... I don't have a new BMW in my garage.
One glass of rootbeer and two scoops of dead baby.
Decaffeinated
A finite number! One member to perform the task, and the rest to behave in a manner stereotypical to the ethnicity in question.
Giffy Lube.
a quarter pounder with cheese.
Decaffeinated
A finite number! One member to perform the task, and the rest to behave in a manner stereotypical to the ethnicity in question.
Giffy Lube.
a quarter pounder with cheese.
A bakery.
He got the sack
The tea towel
..........Nothing you've already told her twice!
I don't see the point
To stomp out fires Why do elephants have flat feet? To stomp out burning ducks
二
Telling your parents you're gay.
To stomp out fires Why do elephants have flat feet? To stomp out burning ducks
二
Telling your parents you're gay.
Pontius Pilates
Dr. Dre
'Collared Greens' 
Guy walks into a bar and says "I've got a pet octopus that can play any musical instrument in the world." All the patrons yell "Bullshit!" and he says "I don't prove it for less than a $100 bet". everyone chips in and tells the guy to prove it. The guy goes to his car and gets the octopus, walks back in and sets him on the bandstand. The octopus slithers up on top of the drums, grabs the sticks, a guitar, bass, and sax, and starts wailing away. Everyone is super impressed except one guy who says "I've got an instrument he can't play" and goes to his car, comes back with a set of bagpipes and throws them on the stage. The octopus slides of the drumset and crawls on top of the bagpipes and then just lays there humping slowly on top of it. "See! He can't play it!" the patrons yell, and the guy says "Just wait a minute. Once he realizes he can't fuck it, he'll play it."
'Collared Greens' 
Guy walks into a bar and says "I've got a pet octopus that can play any musical instrument in the world." All the patrons yell "Bullshit!" and he says "I don't prove it for less than a $100 bet". everyone chips in and tells the guy to prove it. The guy goes to his car and gets the octopus, walks back in and sets him on the bandstand. The octopus slithers up on top of the drums, grabs the sticks, a guitar, bass, and sax, and starts wailing away. Everyone is super impressed except one guy who says "I've got an instrument he can't play" and goes to his car, comes back with a set of bagpipes and throws them on the stage. The octopus slides of the drumset and crawls on top of the bagpipes and then just lays there humping slowly on top of it. "See! He can't play it!" the patrons yell, and the guy says "Just wait a minute. Once he realizes he can't fuck it, he'll play it."
The newspaper headlines the next day read:
Because they cantaloupe!
A Hairy Reasoner. (Andy Rooney used to enjoy this one)
Nittany Lions
sorry this is only a four star hotel.
sorry this is only a four star hotel.
DENIM DENIM DENIM
The Army.
Zero. You can't fit a hairless ten-year-old inside a light bulb. 
Not enough minerals.
Swedish meatballs
They both circle Uranus searching for Klingons.
They both get stuck in camel toe.
Only one retarded thing has come out of her vagina.
kicked out of the petting zoo...
Horse.
A Chinese phone call.
He is first Barack president.
There's twenty of them!
He got his gas bill.
The cold shoulder.
Tennish.
blipster
Reddish.
Tennish.
blipster
Reddish.
They were afraid of Stalin.
A: A reproductive organ. 
Metastasized.
for sour puss(ys)
At Sloan-Kettering the Mets always win.
One's fucking shit, and the other is a scat fetish. Just made it up, wondered how you guys thought it would be.
One's fucking shit, and the other is a scat fetish. Just made it up, wondered how you guys thought it would be.
They both can't get to first base!
Because they're all tongue in cheek.
Because it was pissed off
Ring her up and let her listen
El Paso
Gingerbread. Edit: This is more of an out-loud joke. So, maybe it'll help if it read: "Ginger-bred" instead.
They have to use TWO hands.
The ultrasound man.
He's all right now.
Air bubbles.
The Hip Replacement Guy.
You see food and you eat it.
Congress
Congress
None the keyboardist can do it with his left hand.
When a midget walks past and says your hair smells nice!
They were rushed to hospital where staff described them as "comfortable".
Boobies!
Because it was dead.
You root it ooot!
Give her a basketball and tell her to read it.
A: Lettuce pray
Wanna go ride bikes?
Wanna go ride bikes?
Parity error.
The Right Hand Rule.
Freak..
Donation. What's the best city in the world? Generosity.
Lean beef
Black people. (Slightly Racist I know)
It was in tents.
Beef jerky
Only one... but it takes a shitload of light bulbs.
Because he can't curve his paw into a little fist
Gmmmppphh
Beef Strokin' Off
Beef jerky
Only one... but it takes a shitload of light bulbs.
Because he can't curve his paw into a little fist
Gmmmppphh
Beef Strokin' Off
He found his honey!
A finite number: one to perform the task and the remainder to act in a manner stereotypical of the group in question.
Salt.
A submarine filled with cum.
Reload and shoot again!
Reload and shoot again!
because they pump-kin
Because they have Hollow-Weinies
Because demons are a ghoul's best friend.
99 the rest were deaf.      Don't down vote me because it's bad, it was told to me by a girl in college. Edit, she was hot and deaf.
A Jew is a person who adheres to the Jewish faith and claims a cultural or ancestral connection to the Jewish people, and a pizza is an oven-baked, flat, disc shaped bread usually topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella and then a selection of meats, depending on taste and culture.
I mean he is a mouse himself, but maybe they like the concept?
It's based on darth vadar's holistic brother, Ayur Veder.
"Okay, but just the tip."
It's based on darth vadar's holistic brother, Ayur Veder.
"Okay, but just the tip."
It was his significant udder
Because he was drinking it before it was cool
I don't cry when I chop up a Whore.
"You are my significant otter."
An investigator
Because it's faster then C
to suck my dick
Where you left him.
Some really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
Neither did he.
Capricorn?  
Capricorn?  
two cannibals in a 69
...because 5 8 13!
He was buried (|Dead> + |Alive>) / sqrt(2)
Michael LumberJackson
Your granny
An elephant.
Your granny
An elephant.
Scream and scratch at the top of his coffin.
A crap happy chappy with a slap happy pappy.
European.
Hush Puppies.
Fsh!
If I had as much dough as you, I wouldn't be hanging around this hole!

Paint yourself green and throw forks at her.
...and you should have seen the look on those little orphans' faces when they heard korn was coming!
because 2Y-14/3X=0
because 2Y-14/3X=0
When you start them, they made the sound "runnnniganiganiganiga" Sorry for the racism, but had to share this. 
Muammar Gaddafi's sunglasses
So the theme for my   was "Puns" and everyone came dressed as a pun.  I sewed boxes of smarties to my pants (hardy har har).    arguably had the hardest one to guess.  Those are sprigs of thyme.  They're in white coats which have stethoscopes and an RX logo on them.  Can you guess what he was?   Two bonus pics in that album of my 'fancy party'...  the girl is my sister.  She was drinkin' Stella.  What was she?
Führenating.
The porbeagle. ¬_¬
A: Because it is 'scrum'-ptious. 
Someone whose career is in ruins.
..... When you don't use a condom.
..... When you don't use a condom.
So the one on the right could drive for a change.
Apparently they're to die for.
Guttentight.
Zero to zero. Lobsters can't kick soccer balls.
Who's the coolest guy in the hospital when the ultrasound guy's off?
TO GET TO THE OTHER SIDE!
Because they always want to be right.
Legolas
The second m is silent.
In little knotsies!
He really made a spectacle of himself
The second m is silent.
In little knotsies!
He really made a spectacle of himself
Because I put on the wrong pair of socks this morning.
About 75 cents an hour. 
cancer got jobs. (too soon.)
A twix bar
It gives them an opportunity to  .
Because his mother was in a jam. 
Not much, but you can't help but crack a smile when see some tumbling down the stairs.
I cant jelly my dick in your mouth
Because his mother was in a jam. 
Not much, but you can't help but crack a smile when see some tumbling down the stairs.
I cant jelly my dick in your mouth
All of them.
I got no-eye deer !
Nice belt.
You can't milk a cow for 10 years
Trying to look upset.
Trying to look upset.
... Pack up and get the fuck out.
Better Blow-Job than No-Job !
Haaaaaaaay! ( I didn't hear this joke until college.)
A shh-kebab
Juan on Juan
Eric Clapton would   let a bag of cocaine fall out the window.
a slipper! I've been telling this corny ass joke around campus and everyone seems to like it haha. 
Womens rights
None.
They don't believe in godmode
None.
They don't believe in godmode
Why does beer go faster through you than milk? Unlike milk it doesn't have to change color. Why does Budweiser go faster through you than beer? Unlike beer it doesn't have to change taste.
Knock knock. Who's there? Knock knock. Who's there? Knock knock. Who's there? Knock knock. Who's there? Knock knock. Who's there? Knock knock. Who's there? ... ...Philip Glass.
They turned the economy into shit.
An Ethiopian
Because they are ugly and they stink !
They turned the economy into shit.
An Ethiopian
Because they are ugly and they stink !
A quarter pounder with cheese
Because it was a heavy sweater! 
Cigarette, and you take him for a drag.
Can you make me one with everything?
"Spraint your ankle!" Just in case: 
They both fill little kids' cavities. Original by me.
A mother and her very young son were flying Westjet Airlines from Ottawa to Calgary .. The little boy (who had been looking out his window) turned to his mother and asked, "If big dogs have baby dogs, and big cats have baby cats, why don't big airplanes have baby airplanes?" The mother (who couldn't think of an answer) told her son to ask the flight attendant. So the boy went ...down the aisle and asked the flight attendant the same question. The flight attendant, who was very busy at the time, smiled and said, "Did your mom tell you to ask me?" The boy said, "Yes she did." "Well then, you go and tell your mother that there are no baby airplanes because WestJet always pulls out on time. Have your mom explain that to you."
'Cuz they're ugly and they stink!
Because royal jelly comes in handy... you know, for lowering cholesterol.  
Only one retarded thing came out of her vagina.
FIND OUT NEXT TIME ON DRAGON BALL Z
... Stealing candy from a dead baby.  
Albert Einsteins cock
Take the "S" out of sub and the "F" out of way.
Because he was outstanding in his field
A: party poopers
Take the "S" out of sub and the "F" out of way.
Because he was outstanding in his field
A: party poopers
He stays up all night, every night, wondering if there truly is a dog.
Denim Denim Denim.
Def Leppard. 
It couldn't contain itself.
They're used to dealing with ripostes.
I didn't expose myself inside a guitar this morning.
They give him the willies.
Boobies
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee,                                            I enjoy shouting this at work because I can use it to speed up production without having to sound like a total dick all the time.
One was planned.
One was planned.
He wanted to go down on history.
Chemo-flage
... Because it's not PC
TRICK QUESTION! Cars can't fit in the kitchen!
Neither did she.  Do you know what her dogs name was? (insert Wookie noise) Do you know why her dog ran away? You would to if your name was (insert Wookie noise). 
He [ate his food, drank his tea, etc] before it was cool. 
Neither did she.  Do you know what her dogs name was? (insert Wookie noise) Do you know why her dog ran away? You would to if your name was (insert Wookie noise). 
He [ate his food, drank his tea, etc] before it was cool. 
Keep the tip!
Dr. Dre
Pimples wait until you're thirteen before they come all over your face.
Everytime someone screams "get down! " they stand up and start dancing!
You shoot the guys pushing it.
I knew the market for Jobs was killing but.....
He went to the iCloud. (RIP Steve. You may disagree with him, but the fact the man died is tragic considering his contributions to computing.)
I can jam my dick in your ass.
Both had blue periods.
He ate his pizza before it was cool.
I can jam my dick in your ass.
Both had blue periods.
He ate his pizza before it was cool.
You can't take a joke.
Spectral emissions.
Get thee to a nyanery!
Mary Clancy goes up to Father O'Grady after his Sunday morning service, and she's in tears. He says, 'So what's bothering you, Mary my dear?' She says, 'Oh, Father, I've got terrible news. My husband passed away last night.' The priest says, 'Oh, Mary, that's terrible. Tell me, Mary, did he have any last requests?' She says, 'That he did, Father.' The priest says, 'What did he ask, Mary?' She says, 'He said, Please Mary, put down that damn gun.....'
TicTac
Up his sleevies.
Scrambled eggs =p
A brothel sprout
TicTac
Up his sleevies.
Scrambled eggs =p
A brothel sprout
They take the psycho path.
A viola burns longer.
Unimaize
He was down in the dumps.
Beef strokinoff!
A: Cancer.
A: Cancer.
With a shat nav.
Pumpkin
Oscillate its tit a lot.
Pay for the pizza.
Because they were trespassing!

It wasn't, numbers aren't sentient beings...
The Holocaust...
Not being retarded.
Kermit's finger
The following short quiz consists of 4 questions and tells whether you are qualified to be a "professional". Scroll down for the answers after you have thought about it. The questions are not that difficult. ... ... ... The correct answer is: Open the refrigerator, put in the giraffe and close the door. This question tests whether you tend to do simple things in an overly complicated way. ... ... ... Wrong Answer: Open the refrigerator, put in the elephant and close the refrigerator. Correct Answer: Open the refrigerator, take out the giraffe, put in the elephant and close the door. This tests your ability to think through the repercussions of your actions. ...  ... ... Correct Answer: The Elephant. The Elephant is in the refrigerator. This tests your memory. OK, even if you did not answer the first three questions, correctly you still have one more chance to show your abilities. ... ... ... Correct Answer: You swim across. All the crocodiles are attending the animal meeting. This tests whether you learn quickly from your mistakes. According to Andersen Consulting Worldwide, around 90% of the professionals they tested got all questions wrong. But many preschoolers got several correct answers. Anderson Consulting says this conclusively disproves the theory that most professionals have the brains of a four year old. ( )
Because he couldn't Mufasa.
FUCK, MY CHICKEN'S IN THE ROAD? WHY THE FUCK DIDN'T YOU DO SOMETHING?! JESUS CHRIST, HE COULD GET RAN THE FUCK OVER! YOU'RE A FUCKING IDIOT!!
He ate the pie before it was cool.
Because they are really good at it.
I'm not going to jelly my dick down your throat!
32
Because they are really good at it.
I'm not going to jelly my dick down your throat!
32
The correct answer is "Africa". You have a very dirty mind!
His shavings account.
Whoa.
It's two cubed! :) 
Run like hell. She's got a grenade in her mouth.
A. Nobody knows, there's no light.
an average of 22 jokes a day. this is a fucking joke
Cause 7's a nigger.
You put the female in first, and the male will walk in and close the door. (As told by my Materials Science professor)
an average of 22 jokes a day. this is a fucking joke
Cause 7's a nigger.
You put the female in first, and the male will walk in and close the door. (As told by my Materials Science professor)
The ocean.
To study a broad
There's no 'f' in way
It's Naan of your business.
Pier pressure
Space heater.
You Barium.
She wasn't wearing her seat belt.
None.
I dunno, I was too busy masturbating...
Quarter pounder with cheese!
Leave my provolone!
Leave my provolone!
A 6-pack and a potato.
Patio Furniture.
Because "pot holder" was already taken.  
One that kant be repeated. 
He had a ruff week.. His life wasn't purrfect. His brother was a shellout. His mother's been a real crab lately. His family was really shellfish. He had no porpoise in life.
Because sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.
Poo
Roberto
One guy threw down his hand and another laughed his head off. This was my best friend's favorite joke when she was little apparently.
A Smokealottapottapus.
A flat miner
They're making headlines!
The wheelchair.
You enjoy both more as an adult if they aren't forced on you as a child.
Fucking morons; they could have stolen two motocycles!
Told him to kill his neighbor's dog, in Spanish. 
 = "ARRGGHH"   (R) Your response =  (in a pirate voice of course) "You'd think it'd be the ARRGGHH but it actually be the SEA!!! (C)
Pilot, you fucking racist!
Pilot, you fucking racist!
the 5k fun run, or the 100 meter dash?
because it is two-tyred.
PG-13!
Beatrix
Circuit training.
Slap a nipple on it.
L'oueftwaffe.
It's a pretty obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
A punchline.
A BooBee.
One day, a general from each branch of the Armed Forces are sitting around arguing about which branch has the biggest balls. They decide to each try to prove that their branch has the biggest balls, so up steps the marine general who calls over a marine. "Marine, I want you to stand at attention in the middle of that road until I tell you to move"  The marine goes and stands at attention as a tank runs him over, and doesn't flinch one time. The other generals are quite impressed by the marine's guts Next comes the navy general "I can beat that! Seaman, go stand at attention on that submarine until I tell you to move." The seaman does, and doesn't flinch as the sub dives underwater and the seaman drowns. The other generals are impressed with this display of guts as well.  The air force general says "I got you both beat! Airman, I want you to stand on that runway at attention until I tell you to move." The airman stands at attention as a fighter jet lands on him. The other generals are rather impressed at this display of courage as well. The army general just laughs, "I have you all beat... watch this" He shouts across the way "Hey specialist, pick up that piece of trash!" The specialist turns around, flips off the general and says "fuck you, sir!" The army general turns to the others and goes "now that takes balls"
To see what was on the other side.
How many libertarians does it take to screw in a light-bulb? None. The market will take care of it.
Because he's always getting hung up on the boards.
Diabetes. Jimmy has diabetes.
It'll take me a minute to get hard, I just got laid.
Look for the fresh prints.
He vanished with a puff!
Ma Caroni! (my crony)
Ma Caroni! (my crony)
YEP! Chuck Testa!
Nope. Chuck Testa.
Ragtime
Sparkie.
Because 7 was black...
an investigator. :D
I don't have sex with the sandwich before I eat it !
DECALFINATED 
Well, can't fit that much shit in a sneaker!
Well, can't fit that much shit in a sneaker!
Contraception.
Keep the tip.
The Nobel Prize in Genetics.
So that it can be used as an   
He pulled his hamstring!
A duck walks into a pet store and asks the owner... Duck: Excuse me. Do you have any duck food? Owner: I'm sorry, we don't. Duck: Oh! Do you have any duck food? Owner: No. I just told you, we don't. Sorry. Duck: OK... Do you have any duck food? Owner: You kidding me? No! We don't have any duck food! Duck: OK, I get it!... Do you have any duck food? Owner: Listen!!! I told you, we don't sell duck food. If you ask me again I'm gonna nail your fucking feet to the floor!!! Duck: Got any nails? Owner: No... Duck: Got any duck food?!!!
Get in the Karma. 
The Financial Times crossword puzzle
A duck walks into a pet store and asks the owner... Duck: Excuse me. Do you have any duck food? Owner: I'm sorry, we don't. Duck: Oh! Do you have any duck food? Owner: No. I just told you, we don't. Sorry. Duck: OK... Do you have any duck food? Owner: You kidding me? No! We don't have any duck food! Duck: OK, I get it!... Do you have any duck food? Owner: Listen!!! I told you, we don't sell duck food. If you ask me again I'm gonna nail your fucking feet to the floor!!! Duck: Got any nails? Owner: No... Duck: Got any duck food?!!!
Get in the Karma. 
The Financial Times crossword puzzle
Yeah - sometimes I can have sex without promising to do the dishes afterwards.
A pickpocket snatches watches...
"Peephole salesman!"
Gary Glitters boots.
I can't jelly my cock down your throat
I'm talking the jokes that you find insanely hilarious, and everyone else just either groans or stares blankly when you tell it. I'll start.  'Been teaching hobbits how to play cricket. Bilbo's good at catching, but he can't really Frodo.' Every. Fucking. Time. 
Sit down and beg There are a million answers to this. Come on reddit, make my day better.
I'm talking the jokes that you find insanely hilarious, and everyone else just either groans or stares blankly when you tell it. I'll start.  'Been teaching hobbits how to play cricket. Bilbo's good at catching, but he can't really Frodo.' Every. Fucking. Time. 
Sit down and beg There are a million answers to this. Come on reddit, make my day better.
.....Add your laundry.
it was intense
He touched the stove before it was cool...
Enough to kill Two and a Half Men.
Heard she was a real hooker.
My hairline!
A husband in a book store. Do You have a book called, "Husband, the master of Wife ?"  Sales Girl : Sir, Fantasy and Comic section is on the 1st floor:D :D
My hairline!
A husband in a book store. Do You have a book called, "Husband, the master of Wife ?"  Sales Girl : Sir, Fantasy and Comic section is on the 1st floor:D :D
A Bipolar Bear
because he likes his buns fresh from the oven.
They spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
a poop
Damm, we do taste like chicken!
They were both catchers for the Padres.
This guy goes to his doctor for a full physical.. He takes his pants off and the doctor notices he has 5 dicks, the doc yells "holy shit! you have 5 dicks! that's incredible! how do your pants fit!?" and the dude says "like a glove."
That's what its like to fuck a 90 year old
Ha-lol.
Ha-lol.
'Cause mad cow was taken
It's all ovum now
So he has a hot one instead.
... being awake.
It was intense.
You can only milk a cow for 10 years.
You stop milking the cow after ten years.
Bach!
Because if it had four, it would be a chicken sedan.
Because he had a wee cough
¿Como se llama?
Doctor: I'm trying to examine you.
Because he had a wee cough
¿Como se llama?
Doctor: I'm trying to examine you.
Grass, I lied about the wheels...
A penis.
Not everyone has been in an Airbus A380.
He was into lightbulbs before they were cool.
The man I really need a counter joke for that one 
Two. 1 to screw it in, and one to suck my cock.
Because it is worth it.
Churchitoes
One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.
One foots both the same!
25 letters after a, brah.
An obscure number you've probably never heard of......
In golf one bad hole won't kill you.
1, but it takes 6 episodes.
I'm sorry.
A: All of them! ARRRRGHHHH FUCK YOU POPSICLE STICK JOKE
25 letters after a, brah.
An obscure number you've probably never heard of......
In golf one bad hole won't kill you.
1, but it takes 6 episodes.
I'm sorry.
A: All of them! ARRRRGHHHH FUCK YOU POPSICLE STICK JOKE
BA-NA-NA-NA!
Na.
You don't want to look down
One's really fun to smash with a sledge-hammer and the other is just a watermelon
John went to visit his 90 year old grandfather in a very secluded, rural area of Saskatchewan After spending a great evening chatting the night away, the next morning John's grandfather prepared breakfast of bacon, eggs and toast.  However, John noticed a film like substance on his plate, and questioned his grandfather asking, 'Are these plates clean?'  His grandfather replied,  'They're as clean as cold water can get em. Just you go ahead and finish your meal, Sonny!' For lunch the old man made hamburgers. Again, John was concerned about the plates, as his appeared to have tiny specks around the edge that looked like dried egg and asked, 'Are you sure these plates are clean?' Without looking up the old man said,  'I told you before, Sonny, those dishes are as clean as cold water can get them. Now don't you fret, I don't want to hear another word about it!' Later that afternoon, John was on his way to a nearby town and as he was leaving, his grandfather's dog started to growl, and wouldn't let him pass. John yelled and said, ‘Grandfather, your dog won't let me get to my car'. Without diverting his attention from the football gamehe was watching on TV, the old man shouted! 'Coldwater, go lay down now, yah hear me!'
Cause it wasn't born yesterday.
DAM!!!
Cause it wasn't born yesterday.
DAM!!!
Because they were both stuck-up cunts.
You only cry when you're cutting up one. Sorry if this is too 'dirty' a joke, just a change of pace I guess.
Getting out of the bed!
Consuelo Pronounced - Cunts-way-low
An addadicktome.
a BA-BOOM!
the taste
the taste
Gang rape.
dinosore  
None.
Because it scares the shit out of the dog.
Fission chips.
FRIEND TE IK punjabi FRIEND mein kya farak hai ? Frnd--- i m sorry.. Punjabi frnd-- Teri galti aa salya. Frnd- i missed u punjabifrnd- kithe mar gaya c Frnd- i m happy 4 ur success punjabi frnd- chal party de hotel ch nai ta daroo challo Frnd- plzzzz drive slowly&safely punjabi frnd- gaddi bhja salya agge swift ch kida sohna purja baitha hai.. Frnd- i love dat girl... punjabi frnd- izzat nal dekho kutteyo oho tuhadi bhabhi hai :D :D
she wasnt wearing her seatbelt....
It's such an ovary action.
(gag noise)
They both come in little white crackers
Their value is unclear, but they are harmful when irritated. Nothing, both are just stories for children.
They both come in little white crackers
Their value is unclear, but they are harmful when irritated. Nothing, both are just stories for children.
They can smell it but they can't eat it.
Every time the hear the word hoedown they think their sister's been shot.
Park in it, man.
A pocket full of shells.
Unfortunate. 
Nice belt.
Come on Eileen.
She had no periods!
No Jobs
They're a-Brew'in!
They blow the whole east coast and there's videos online. 
They blow the whole east coast and there's videos online. 
A HERPA filter
Until it croaks...
BA-NA-NA-NAAA!!!!! (to the tune of Beethoven's 5th symphony)
Can I push your stool in? I just wanted to note that my ten year old brother told me this joke.ಠ_ಠ
NdubZ
Grass. I lied about the wheels. 
Grass. I lied about the wheels. 
Because of his stable condition.
They've got no sole. 
Procrastination!
Napoleon BonaPARTAY!!!
A spelling bee. Credit goes to a cheesestick wrapper!
A few strokes and there's no going back. 
Probably not. He's pretty underground.
A few strokes and there's no going back. 
Probably not. He's pretty underground.
Tsunami Warning
They were too far out.
Because they don't understand how to use Logic or Reason.
National Dyslexic Association
Nah, it's too long.
Just Cause
In a circle.
There was a fault in Washington. It was Obama's!
An investigator! Want to hear a joke about butter? [OK] Well I butter not tell you, you might spread it. does anyone have any more "dad jokes" similar to these?
Yarrrrrsync!
Lean Beef
An investigator! Want to hear a joke about butter? [OK] Well I butter not tell you, you might spread it. does anyone have any more "dad jokes" similar to these?
Yarrrrrsync!
Lean Beef
Over-dressed!
Haydn seek.
Because it's always Jalopeño business.
He's all right!
Beef stroganoff.
You fuck her.
Cum in her shoes and let the flies do the rest. 
Ya gotta hand it to her...
Decalfinated
All of your rice is gone, your computer is fixed, and the mother fucker is  still trying to back out of the driveway.
You can keep the tip.
Decalfinated
All of your rice is gone, your computer is fixed, and the mother fucker is  still trying to back out of the driveway.
You can keep the tip.
Cancer.
Becuase the pilot was a loaf of bread. Originated from 
It's a really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
"Nice pits."
Ground beef.
Subordinate Clauses
He was undercover.
Jews.
Subordinate Clauses
He was undercover.
Jews.
He was changing the lightbulb before it was cool. [rimshot]
He gave her arse a nick. Probably doesn't translate well into American English but there you go. My dad told me this joke over twenty years ago. He said he'd heard Peter Sellers tell it on a street corner. Don't ask me why Peter Sellers was telling jokes on a street corner. Must have been bored or something.
A: God gave him his gas bill.
To get to the other side!
A pool table.
A crime fighter.
Eh never mind, it'll go over your head.
Eh never mind, it'll go over your head.
A pilot, you racist.
A Union Jack.
a pilot
...because it was dead Why did the second monkey fall out of the tree...because it was tied to the first monkey. Why did the third monkey fall out of the tree...because it succumbed to peer pressure. Why did the little boy fall off of the swing...because he was hit by the 3 falling monkeys. Why did the little girl fall off of the swing...because she lost her arms and legs in a car accident. (I do not know if this has already been posted, but I think this joke is hilarious and wanted to share.)
A carrot!
Patio Furniture! I got this joke from a great collection of cheezy jokes 
Because the jungle is massive!
A pizza can feed a family of four.
Batman can go to the store with out robin.
A bucket.
A Lickalotofpuss.
A Lickalotofpuss.
Your head.
There's forty of them.
Cancer.
A: Oranges.
Birds of Pray
The Islands
Three... The one on the left The one on the right  And of course, the Final Front Ear
A computer only has to have information punched into it once.
A: Change?
A: Change?
Cuatro Sink-O
Sneakers.
They're both purple except the elephant.
Pu
Lack-toes Intolerance.
Neither did he ...   /Badump-psh.
Because then it would be a foot.
I'll be dammed.
The five year old boy in my basement. 
The unemployment line.
The first grade.
A short woman trying like hell.
A stick!
Two nuns in a chainsaw fight.
Crib death.
Only one retarded thing has come out of her vagina
Your last blowjob. 
2.71828183
A: YOU DON'T KNOW, MAN, YOU WEREN'T THERE!!! YOU DON'T KNOW!!!
Steal a chicken
A Tribble with troubles.
A Tribble with troubles.
What does Batman say when he goes down on a woman? To the bat cave!
kluhhh kolchhhh
From what I hear, she mostly plays Nintendo games. So, would you call this proper use of the royal Wii?
Spic-spic-spic-CHINK-nigga-nigga-nigga-spic-spic-spic-CHINK-nigga-nigga-nigga (say out loud at your own risk)
Because mr mantis ate my skunk food.
She was a business anal-ist.
He was lucky it was a soft drink.
Because it had a spear through it's head.
You have to sit in the back of the oven
You have to sit in the back of the oven
Use LED based paint.
You just did!
Seven years old.
It was missing a tire. 
A barbie queue.
Denim Denim Denim
The last few weeks have been pretty tough for her, and we're in different states because of school, so I can't be there. I'm trying to lift her spirits by texting her jokes. Any help would be much appreciated.
he already had super-vision.
Sweethaert. (an old one but still very very good)
he already had super-vision.
Sweethaert. (an old one but still very very good)
From the looks of it, your dad won
Guilty.
All she came back with was a red snapper.
I forgot how it goes, can someone please tell me???  It was about 3 doctors, a German, Russia (?), and American. They were all bragging about who is more advance. I'm pretty sure it was a racist joke. (fairly certain it was)  Anyone heard it? It's killing me that I can't remember it D:
You can sleep with a light on
Overcome
Virgin Mobile
To the Eagles, they can get corner-backs.
HADOUKEN!!!
Neither, they're both stuck up cunts!
NaBrO
Brenda.
Brenda.
They needed a developer.
You would think its R, but but it's really the C!
A bulldozer.
The browneye. You'll have to guess why its bleeding.
A Solliloqueef
At least if you leave yogurt alone for a while it develops a culture.
Whats the difference between roast beef and pea soup?  You can roast beef, but you cant pea soup!
Whats the difference between roast beef and pea soup?  You can roast beef, but you cant pea soup!
Dr. Dre
My ass.
A wish Liszt.
there's a perfectly good one on the stove
An irrelephant.
Get off me dad your crushing my smokes!
These 3 guys have died and are waiting to get into heaven, and St. Peter has his checklist, marking off items to see if they can  pass though the pearly gates. Peter asks the first one, "What's the worst thing you did during your life?"   and the guy answers, "Well, once I cheated on my wife."  "ah-huh, and when was that?" Peter asks, penciling that in on is clipboard.  The guy says, "Oh, about 20 years ago"  And Peter writes that down, looks at him and says, "OK, you can pass"  and the guy walks through the gates to Heaven. The second guy gets the same question, and says "Well I lied to my wife, I told her I liked her cooking"  Peter asks, "and when did you last do that?"  The guy answers, "Maybe 10 years ago"   Peter checks that off and says the guy can pass, and walks through the gates into Heaven. So the last guy is asked, "What's the worst thing you've done in your life?"  The guy says, "Well, I can't think of anything. I haven't cheated or lied to my wife, I've been good."  Peter levels a gaze at him and says, "Sir, no one but our Savior is perfect, surely you've done something you're ashamed of?"  The guy thinks for a while and says, "OK, well, there was this one time I peed all over a policeman's boots"  Peter smiles, "OK, were making progress," as he marks that on his list, "and how long ago did you do that?" The guy pauses again, and then replies, "about 5 minutes ago."
Before 1928, neither could vote.
Get off me dad your crushing my smokes!
These 3 guys have died and are waiting to get into heaven, and St. Peter has his checklist, marking off items to see if they can  pass though the pearly gates. Peter asks the first one, "What's the worst thing you did during your life?"   and the guy answers, "Well, once I cheated on my wife."  "ah-huh, and when was that?" Peter asks, penciling that in on is clipboard.  The guy says, "Oh, about 20 years ago"  And Peter writes that down, looks at him and says, "OK, you can pass"  and the guy walks through the gates to Heaven. The second guy gets the same question, and says "Well I lied to my wife, I told her I liked her cooking"  Peter asks, "and when did you last do that?"  The guy answers, "Maybe 10 years ago"   Peter checks that off and says the guy can pass, and walks through the gates into Heaven. So the last guy is asked, "What's the worst thing you've done in your life?"  The guy says, "Well, I can't think of anything. I haven't cheated or lied to my wife, I've been good."  Peter levels a gaze at him and says, "Sir, no one but our Savior is perfect, surely you've done something you're ashamed of?"  The guy thinks for a while and says, "OK, well, there was this one time I peed all over a policeman's boots"  Peter smiles, "OK, were making progress," as he marks that on his list, "and how long ago did you do that?" The guy pauses again, and then replies, "about 5 minutes ago."
Before 1928, neither could vote.
It was intense.
She was a right Jack off all trades.
A: A back-handed compliment.
a towel
One. She just holds it up there and waits for the world to revolve around her.
Because he ate pizza before it was cool.
His hands were tied.
He will be singing "Candle Under the Spoon".
His hands were tied.
He will be singing "Candle Under the Spoon".
Its to far to walk.
Are you Chris Chen?  No, I'm Daniel Hsu.  Do you think all Asians look alike or something?  No, I mean, do you believe in Jesus?
Pretty hot.
Too many cheetahs!!!!
It only takes one nail to hang a picture.
None. They'll just arrest the light for being broke and beat the room for being black.
Damn, I'm gonna go bankrupt.
Person 2: No? Person 1: Me Neither. Person 1: You didnt get it? Person 2: No Person 1: Me neither
poke her face
poke her face
Two hydrogen atoms walk into a bar. One turns to the other and says, "I think I've lost my electron." The other asks, "Are you sure?" "Yes," the first says, "I'm positive."
Elephants
Sheep.
Jalapeño business
Don't pay her.
It looks like a colon!
No, seriously. How could they tell?
Larkspur has a ferry terminal, San Francisco has terminal fairies.
There was once a kid called Adrian. Now, Adrian lead quite a sheltered life - he lived with his family on an onion farm, and had never ventured outside of his county. But, Adrian managed to get a place at a prestigious university. He felt it would be ludicrous to turn down his place - despite the fact he knew for sure he would quickly get homesick. Sure enough, after a couple of days at university he was fraught with homesickness. Adrian ended up getting into a habit of phoning his mum every few hours. After about a week of this, his mum eventually told Adrian that she would not answer the phone any more than once every fortnight. Adrian did not have a clue what to do. He was isolated in a new city, and had been shut off from his family. Then, one day, he stumbled across a fruit & veg shop on the way to lectures. He went in, and bought an onion. He ate it straight away. Raw. Suddenly, all the joyous memories of his parents onion farm came flooding back. This was the start of a viscous downward spiral. The next day he went into the shop, bought 3 onions, and immediately ate them raw.The day after, 5. The day after that, a whole bag! It got to the point where he reached an arrangement with the shop owner, Mr Thomas, to have a special shipment come in weekly from his wholesaler. Mr Thomas quickly became gravely concerned with the Adrians' well being, and his other customers were not amused at his onion stock levels. Adrian came into his shop each week, shivering and sweating out onion juice. It was almost as if Adrian was going cold turkey on heroin. As soon as Adrian sunk his teeth into an onion euphoria would shoot through his veins. One afternoon Adrian, high on onion, demanded a larger supply. Mr Thomas snapped, and bellowed, "No. Adrian this has gone too far. That's Shallot."
There was once a kid called Adrian. Now, Adrian lead quite a sheltered life - he lived with his family on an onion farm, and had never ventured outside of his county. But, Adrian managed to get a place at a prestigious university. He felt it would be ludicrous to turn down his place - despite the fact he knew for sure he would quickly get homesick. Sure enough, after a couple of days at university he was fraught with homesickness. Adrian ended up getting into a habit of phoning his mum every few hours. After about a week of this, his mum eventually told Adrian that she would not answer the phone any more than once every fortnight. Adrian did not have a clue what to do. He was isolated in a new city, and had been shut off from his family. Then, one day, he stumbled across a fruit & veg shop on the way to lectures. He went in, and bought an onion. He ate it straight away. Raw. Suddenly, all the joyous memories of his parents onion farm came flooding back. This was the start of a viscous downward spiral. The next day he went into the shop, bought 3 onions, and immediately ate them raw.The day after, 5. The day after that, a whole bag! It got to the point where he reached an arrangement with the shop owner, Mr Thomas, to have a special shipment come in weekly from his wholesaler. Mr Thomas quickly became gravely concerned with the Adrians' well being, and his other customers were not amused at his onion stock levels. Adrian came into his shop each week, shivering and sweating out onion juice. It was almost as if Adrian was going cold turkey on heroin. As soon as Adrian sunk his teeth into an onion euphoria would shoot through his veins. One afternoon Adrian, high on onion, demanded a larger supply. Mr Thomas snapped, and bellowed, "No. Adrian this has gone too far. That's Shallot."
Facebook invited Google+ to his wedding.  Google+ asked 'do you mind if i bring a +1?'  Facebook said 'If you Like.'      Then Twitter flew by, said a bunch of shit nobody cared about, and shit all over my TV screen.
Grass, I lied about the wheels.
There's Norway i would sink Oslo as to think of a joke for that.
He was a brave fucker.
Because he's a fan of anti-jokes. 
Because their hips stir.
John Q. Nerd gets his Master's Degree from the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science here in Technology Square and spends two months looking for a job. Unfortunately, DEC is laying people off and Wang went bankrupt. He's running low on rent money so he decides to work in the Central Square McDonald's on weekends and look for a job during the week. After John hands in an employment application, the manager tells that he isn't qualified. "Not qualified!?! I've got a Master's degree in computer science from MIT!" says John. The McDonald's manager replies, "I'm sorry, but all of our computer scientists have PhDs." 
Parcel-tongue
It's called "Sweet Emulsion"
Because their hips stir.
John Q. Nerd gets his Master's Degree from the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science here in Technology Square and spends two months looking for a job. Unfortunately, DEC is laying people off and Wang went bankrupt. He's running low on rent money so he decides to work in the Central Square McDonald's on weekends and look for a job during the week. After John hands in an employment application, the manager tells that he isn't qualified. "Not qualified!?! I've got a Master's degree in computer science from MIT!" says John. The McDonald's manager replies, "I'm sorry, but all of our computer scientists have PhDs." 
Parcel-tongue
It's called "Sweet Emulsion"
"Robin, get into the Batmobile..."
Muzzles off!
AUDI ADUI ADUI!
They aren't attracted to moth balls.
Its pretty gay, just Saiyan.
A cock that doesn't come.
A cock that doesn't come.
After that, he was a real tan gent.
"I'm not Willie Nelson."                                        — David Sadaris
They were unaware the lightbulb was an issue & regret unknowingly paying to change it
One dead baby nailed to ten trees.
To get to the other side!
LeBron James
July

Cancer.
Cancer.
A baby in a trash compactor.

Parlia-mints
By the "M" on his pajamas.
Because he wanted to get a-po-ta-to clock.  to make joke more apparent
Nacho cheese. ...Ba-doom-tish.
Nacho cheese. ...Ba-doom-tish.
Depends....
Banging your head on the coffin lid. 
A brunette with bad breath
Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Ball!
Because they're hill areas
Cuz if it were lying down it wouldnt make any sense. (first post to reddit, made up this joke today .. be kind)
Na
Because he has nothing to look forward to 
Because all the good ones Argon.
Put it in the oven till it's Bill Withers.
Because she Gives you a blowjobs even when she's dead.
St. Petri Dish.
Faebook.
They're robots in da skies.
Not Yeti
Dont worry, they'll tell you.
Would you like to buy some candy?
Where to sir?
You turn off your playstation.
if your uncle jack helped you down off an elephant, would you help your uncle jack off an elephant?
It'd be a waste of time.
Kitchen Stadium
Because he's a fun guy.
Because he's a fun guy.
It might take me a while to get hard, I just got laid.
Chicken butt.
I do queries. 
Because they never get out of their shell 
Because he'll peek-at-chu!
Udder disaster.
But I don't have a .........oooooh.
An ethiopian's asshole.
Headlines read: "Small Medium at Large"
He broke his ankle when he fell into the sink.
She danced on one leg and then the other, but she made her living between the two of them.
The Queen Bean.   *Blatantly stolen from Ren & Stimpy
He disappeared with a poof. 
Dr. Dre

They both live underground. Except for the eagle.
Tweet!
Swim!
They're both cheesy.
What time does a duck wake up in the morning? -At the quack of dawn!!! A duck walks into a bar and orders a drink. then tells the bartender: -just put it on my bill!!!! What's a duck's favorite snack? -Cheese and quackers!!! What did the duck say after hearing one of my hilarious jokes? -HAHAHAHA you quack me up!!!! What do you call a crazy duck? -a quackpot!!! And one to go on... What does a duck by at the DVD store? -DVDs!!!!
"Man this music sucks..."
Because he heard the ref was blowing fowls.
brass.
Sharp pounding sensation in your ass. 
The punchline is more of a visual joke, based upon where the reader places the "s."  To my knowledge, this is an original joke.
There are too many Links.
There are too many Links.
News report I saw this morning describing horrible injuries to Dr. Stephen Hawking like a broken jaw, damaged collarbone, smashed kneecaps... Apparently his date last night stood him up.
Mascarpone!
Justin, I'm a big fan.  wheyyyyyyyyyyyy
Because it had postage dew.
Camembert!
Bingo.
Two test tickles.
Because he stopped cheating 
Because he stopped cheating 
No? Well, it's really nice.
A-Flat-Minor
Facial muscles.
A Jew-niper
Because they fight knights!
They are WAY better than The Cure.
The harder you hit 'em, the more english they pick up.
Grass. I lied about the wheels. 
Beethoven's final movement.
No. You are exactly right.
A woman.
Angry heifers.
The one where I had my meat all up on your grill?!?!?!
A: Enough to reinforce my negative stereotype about them.
A: Enough to reinforce my negative stereotype about them.
A dry martinez.
They have to smell it but they can't taste it!
ME-OW! I am very sorry. Just thought of it and felt like everyone should hear it. Maybe some jokes are better left untold...
Kindling. 
"F", for Fonzi. Duh.
He got the cold shoulder
Eric Clapton would have never let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.
homo-goblin
Derpentine.
Cus it was being stalked! 
A flea's blanket.
I work with a guy who moved to Vermont from Hawaii. He likes to start with people but also has people who like him. Those people always ask about him..."How is he?", "Does he still work here?" My joke is in response to those two questions. (His name) is the reason Japan attacked Pearl Harbor. Evidently they missed. Yeah, he likes to create things like world wars. I'm not racist, I just don't like him. 
Because he has Ayyyds.


Bye Son (Bison)
Doesn't matter. They will just keep reposting the same lightbulb.
Two. One to change the bulb & one to hold my dick, I mean my mum, I mean the ladder
They both have gold teeth and say "yo ho!"
goes back four seconds..
You boil the hell out of it.
he didn't want to show up for the finals
A husband and wife are sitting quietly in bed reading when the wife looks over at him and asks the question: WIFE: "What would you do if I died? Would you get married Again?" HUSBAND: "Definitely not!" ...  WIFE: "Why not? Don't you like being married?" HUSBAND: "Of course I do.." WIFE: "Then why wouldn't you remarry? " HUSBAND: "Okay, okay, I'd get married again." WIFE: "You would?" (with a hurt look) HUSBAND: (makes audible groan) WIFE: "Would you live in our house?" HUSBAND: "Sure, it's a great house.." WIFE: "Would you sleep with her in our bed?" HUSBAND: "Where else would we sleep?" WIFE: "Would you let her drive my car?" HUSBAND: "Probably, it is almost new..." WIFE: "Would you replace my pictures with hers?" HUSBAND: "That would seem like the proper thing to do." WIFE: "Would you give her my jewelry?" HUSBAND: "No, I'm sure she'd want her own." WIFE: "Would you take her golfing with you? HUSBAND: "Yes, those are always good times." WIFE: "Would she use my clubs? HUSBAND: "No, she's left-handed." WIFE: -- silence -- HUSBAND: "Well Shit.."
put a steering wheel in front of them
The taste.
It runs on ARM.
Nothing it just waved
It only vibrates, it doesn't have a ring.
One goes "cockadoodle doo", the other goes, "Any cock 'ill do." Old joke my 60-something grandfather told me when I was 10
A pool table
1forrest1
Cats.
A nun in a blender
I asked Dirk for change for a dollar; he gave me 4 quarters and a dime.   He always gives any extra 10%.
Hebrews it.
Some obscure number... you've probably never heard of it.....
He said "Sure!  I could loan some Dove".
...iRacky.
... and I'm fucking him, and I'm fucking him ... ... and I'm fucking him ... ... and then I reach around, and he's  . And I'm like  I like to tell that one whenever the conversation stops at a party.
A garbage truck.
None.  Obama voters are obviously too lazy to work at anything, so they just HOPE for the lightbulb to CHANGE.
A pontificrater.
The best ones squirt when you eat them!
Lebron James doesnt give you 4 quarters.
Kurds in the way
With a tuba glue!
Piña Colada!
He wanted to get a long little doggy!
Son: Daddy, what does a vagina look like? Dad: Before or after sex son? Son: Before, I guess... Dad: It looks like a beautiful tulip. Son: Well what does it look like after sex? Dad: Ever seen a bulldog try to eat mayonnaise?
Son: Daddy, what does a vagina look like? Dad: Before or after sex son? Son: Before, I guess... Dad: It looks like a beautiful tulip. Son: Well what does it look like after sex? Dad: Ever seen a bulldog try to eat mayonnaise?
It doesn't matter, they will never change a thing.
Whale-done :)
Gang rape.
Two. One to change the light bulb and another to hold the penis...I mean ladder.
He built his empire from the ground up. Ground up meat. 
If it had 4 doors, it'd be a chicken sedan.
My friend and I had a habit of mum jokes duelling and putting standard 'yo mumma' to shame. All to the spirit of pushing the boundary. One point I came up with this: 'Your mum so loose, when you were born, it felt so good that she used you as a dildo and pushed you right back in.' Anyone else has other gems of properly offensive mum jokes?


Dan Quayle wrote this joke.
Africa.
Legolass
What's a pirate's favorite letter? the C!
Big fingers!!!
Cause if you take one, he'll drink all your beer
It's a really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it
He made Jews.
Delta blues.
You boil the hell out of it. (credit to Tasteless)
Because nothing is greater than chesse.
Discus
aaaarrrrrrrr/jokes
It goes well aslong as you don't look down.
They'll freak out when they hear a helicopter
aaaarrrrrrrr/jokes
It goes well aslong as you don't look down.
They'll freak out when they hear a helicopter
Still counting.  Those darned birds can't seem to cross the road to get over here to screw in the light bulb.
Dogwood. Don't you dare judge me, it was on my popsicle stick.  :P
Babies, because you can use a pitchfork.
Creddit!!!!
Someone didn't pull it out in time.
I'm not allowed to tell you
None.
Peacunts
Cancer
Because they hate Dicks

The punchline is too long.
Drop your catheter bag.
neither one can get you off
AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE 
It's an Allegory.
He was out standing in his field. 
If you slap a mosquito it will stop sucking! 
Half of them don't work and the ones that do aren't that bright
It's impossible to reach the pedals whilst sitting Indian style
Telling your parents you're gay.
A man goes to a doctor and says "I got a sex problem, doc."  "Well," says the doctor "tell me about your average day." So the man goes "Well, it all starts in the middle of the night. My wife always wakes me up about 3:00 am for nookie and then again about 5:00 so we can spend couple of hours making love before I leave for work." "Oh I see." said the doc. "No hang on" says the man "...you see, when I get on the train to work, I meet this girl every day and we get a compartment to ourselves and have sex all the way there". "Oh....now I see" says the doctor "No you don't" said our hero. "When I get to work, my secretary really fancies me. So I have to give her one in the storeroom". "Oh, now I see" says the doctor "No, no, no" said our man, "When I go to lunch, I meet this dinner lady who I'm very fond of and we nip out the back for a quickie." "Oh alright, now I see" said the doctor "No, hang on" said the bloke, "When I get back to work in the afternoon my boss, a very demanding lady I might add, has to have me or she says she'll give me the sack." "Ahh...." says the doctor, "now I see.." "No there's  " said our man, "when I get home, my wife is so pleased to see me that she gives me a blowjob before dinner and we have sex afterwards." "What's your problem?" asks the doctor finally, "Well..." says the man "it hurts when I masturbate."
... they blow themselves up.
Cottage chi
... they blow themselves up.
Cottage chi
Heres mine: A Native American Indian man goes to a whore house. He walks up to the man at the counter and says "Me want woman". The man at the counter looks him up and down and goes "well, you're an injun right? You probably never had sex with women like this - you'd better go practice first." The Indian looks at him puszzled and asks "Where I practice" The man replies "well, if you go down that field, theres an old, large oak tree with a hole in it. Go fuck that a couple times, come back here and I'll hook you up." The Indian man, although a little weary, shakes his head in agreement and leaves. Days go by and the man is sitting at the counter again when all of the sudden, the Indian comes walking in. He walks up to the counter and says "Me fucked tree for three days. Me ready for woman. Me want woman." The man at the counter says "Alright, alright - seems to me you're ready" He gives him a key and room number and tells him to go on up. Minutes pass and all of the sudden there is a blood curdling scream! The man at the counter jumps up, just knowing that Indian had something to do with it. He runs upstairs to the room where the Indian and the girl are at and busts the door open. In the room, the Indian is holding the woman down with his foot and repeatedly shoving a broom stick into her vagina. The man screams "WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING!!!??" The Indian replies "Searching for bees."
Because he always felt defeat.
A roll model.
Because he kept running out of the pen...
What's the difference between oranges?
Apricots. I used to love this joke when I was a little kid and told it over and over.  I'm still a little in love with it for that reason.  What are some of your favorite jokes from when you were a little kid?
-Palm sunday
WATAAAAAAAAAR
Because there's Targets around every corner.
Because there's Targets around every corner.
Because it's in-bread. 
In Romania we had something similar, our girls on their undies had January, February....
Because they're all tied up, but coming soon.
You gotta stand at the back of the oven! Edit: I was at an [7] when typing this and fucked it up. It is better now. oven was bus. Changed bus to oven. 
Because there's pubes on their heads.
Christopher Walken.
I always enjoy jokes that have gone out of date, either because their subject has passed out of the public consciousness or because they reference things that are no longer accurate.   I'll get you started: What's got three legs and lives on a farm? The Mccartneys
You can't marmalade your cock up a girls ass
An elephant! edit: maybe I should say what is gray and cums in pints?
Just enough to hold it's pecker up...
You can't take a joke.
Because its pecker is on its head. That was on South Park last night and made me lose it. 
O(b-s)ma
Kick his sister in the chin.
They could easily fit another set of tits in there.
Hey I didn't know we were pouring concrete today.
they are both fucking immature assholes...
they are both fucking immature assholes...
We're not sandwiches.
i don't really have any favorites, just looking to hear some... like what do you call a guy with a shovel?  doug.
The wheel chair. (And yes, I know I'm going to hell)
Your grip!
I took Aerospace Engineering for a high school class and I have been tasked with finding a name for our rocket. I tried to get our teacher to call it "Sky Penetrator" but our oh-so-boring principal thought it too risque and shot it down without a second thought. We are about to call it "Aces High" or "Thor's Hammer" (both coined by our teacher who is a complete nerd, but is still awesome). I don't know about you guys but these names are kinda lame. Can anybody think of a good funny name for our rocket? We have two weeks until launch.
Tennish.
The grass tickles their balls.
I need a good joke for my T shirt design for my Anatomy class. Anyone have any good jokes. thanks (school apprpriate please)
Because he was looking for a tight seal!
Me: "Hey, how much does a polar bear weights?" Her: o.O "Wut...idk" Me: "Enough to break the ice, I'm NuComer, how you doing?"
Because he was looking for a tight seal!
Me: "Hey, how much does a polar bear weights?" Her: o.O "Wut...idk" Me: "Enough to break the ice, I'm NuComer, how you doing?"
I have crabs.
Sony Playstation 3
I heard that he was fully re-covered.
A: May I push in your stool?
"Wanna hear a pizza joke?" "Nevermind, it's too cheesy."
I hear he's all right now.
Their middle name.
He doesn't want anyone to know he's fucking a chicken.
Smallpox and genocide.
They wanted to beat the crowd.
Keep the tip.
No? In that case, do you want to go camping this weekend?
They're really making headlines.
Because they're raster graphic images.
Because they're raster graphic images.
A fruit roll up.

A slut is a girl who sleeps with everyone. A bitch is a girl who sleeps with everyone  !
A woman was making dinner for her family when her oldest child walked in and asked, "Mom, why did you name me Feather?" "Well," said the mom, "When your father and I carried you out the hospital doors, a feather fell out of the sky and landed on your little head, and it was the most beautiful thing we'd ever seen, so we named you Feather." The next night, the second oldest child walked in and said, "Mom, why did you name me Leaf?" "Well," said the mom, "When your father and I carried you out the hospital doors, a leaf fell out of the sky and landed on your little head, and it was the most beautiful thing we'd ever seen, so we named you Leaf." The next night the youngest child walked in and said, "Ufhflakerp!" and the mom said, "Shut the fuck up Cinderblock."
Making them!
his wife died.
He worked it out with a pencil. 
He worked it out with a pencil. 
They don't remember when you smack the ever living shit out of them.
the unemployment line.
See you next period.
Dam!
get off the merry-go-round! :)
There was once a train operator who had been driving trains for well over 20 years. Over the course of his career, he had experienced a number of close calls in the accident department. At long last, sadly, he hit a schoolbus full of children on its way out of the elementary school parking lot, killing every single one of them. Unsurprisingly, he was put on trial for a number of counts of manslaughter in the first degree. After several hours of deliberation, he was convicted and the judge sentenced him to death by means of the electric chair.  For his last meal, the unskilled train driver requested his grandmother's homemade macaroni and cheese. The warden of his temporarily assigned prison was hesitant at first, but eventually agreed that it was the least he could do for the man who was going to die in a few hours. After scarfing down his grandmother's meal and saying his goodbyes, the man was brought to the electric chair. The executioner strapped him in and threw the switch. Three times they tried to electrocute the man. Three times it failed. Not knowing what to do, the befuddled executioner unstrapped him and led him out of the room to attempt a different means of execution. On the way out, the veteran guard at the door insisted on asking the man how he had possibly survived the electric chair. In all his years of working, he had never seen a single person survive such a fate. He asked: "How'd you do it, man? Was it your grandmother's macaroni? Are you some sort of messiah? What's your secret?" The man shrugged his shoulders, scratched his head, and thought for a moment. Finally, he replied: "No secret. I suppose I'm just a bad conductor, that's all."
One, you fucking racist!
Denim Denim Denim
A man dies one day and goes to hell. The Devil greats him with a big smile, "You are going to have fun here!" "Why is that?" says the man, "it's supposed to be terrible here." "Those are just lies," says the Devil, "Do you like to drink?"  "Of course!" says the man. "Well tomorrow is Thursday and all we do is drink all day; beer, vodka, we have it all plus you don't get a hangover, you are already dead!" The man thought this was great.  "Do you like drugs?" to which the man said "yes," "Good because Friday we do drugs all day, what ever kind you like and as much as you can take!" The man says, "There must be some kind of catch?" The Devil says, no catch, you're gay right?" "No," says the man. "Well Saturday might be a little rough."  
Baked beans.
My sister's birthday is today, and I'm looking for a good one to call her with.
Which bird symbolizes great wisdom? The owl, of course. Which bird symbolizes bravery and freedom? Most of us know it's the eagle. What type of bird symbolizes love? That would be a dove. Now, what kind bird symbolizes absolute, true love? The Swallow!
At the end, they get a bag of chips and a Coke. -My dad told me this joke when we went to a race-
Stroke Victims.
Nah, I'm a stay. (namaste)
...an embroyo! heyooooooooo
AIDS.
It ran out of cache.
You have to get ahead of lettuce! Ahahahahaha!
Put it into a microwave until it's bill withers.
Dress her up as an Altar Boy
For Drizzle.
For Drizzle.
, I don't cry when I cut up hookers.
cuntaminated 
If you could stay up for 24 hours straight :3
Womb tempertaure
Lickalottapus
Meeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
1) The check's in the mail 2) I won't cum in your mouth
A BIG YELLOW ROCK-EATER!!
the Chau-fuhrer
Fsh
Fsh
51, one to change the bulb and 50 more to stand in a circle chanting "Death To (insert name of your local electricity provider)". When I lived in Nashville it was NES, in Louisville it was LG&E, now it is Austin Energy. But you get the idea, if not the joke. 
Four.  O, double-u and e. 
a washing machine doesn't follow you around for a week after you put a load in it..
I don't know how, but it must happen!  Edit: I actually want a joke that includes Liz   the Pop King. My use of ' / ' may have been misleading. Thank you. 
I do.
They're of the proper minimum age of sexual consent in 100% of the world and you are both mature adults enjoying a socially accepted bond together. Now quit telling this fucking joke.
Pink.
He stayed awake all night wondering if there really was a dog
Monkey sick
They only change their pads after the third period.
None, we just swap out your whole house
You think it's 'R' but it's really the 'C'.    :D
"ggggkkk" huh...kinda hard to tell this joke in text.
A real mess on your hands.
A Sioux Flay
A stick.
A tsunami doesn't care that you are faster than your buddy.
It's a really obscure number...you've probably never heard of it.
Like Napoleon Bonerparte and Eat. Pray. Boner.... Even Barack Oboner and Alec Baldboner and Teenage Mutant Ninja Boners and iBoner and Its a Wonderful Boner and Casaboner South Boner The Boner Runs Wild A Thousand Tiny Boners Wet Hot American Boner...  check 
Nothing.
Because if you don't, Chernobyl fall out!
Because if you don't, Chernobyl fall out!
Grass. I lied about the wheels. This joke is great for determining someones sense of humor.
An x-man.
The big hand touches the little hand.
Sir Cumference. Why was he so fat?  He ate too much pie. 
Parabolems?
Nothing, penguins live in the south pole and polar bears live in the north pole. TROLOLOLOL
so he could flip the bird
Because of all the metal in their brains.
A three-year-old boy was examining his testicles while taking a bath. 'Mom', he asked, 'Are these my brains?' 'Not yet!' she replied!
Because they're shellfish.
Eggcalibur. 
Eggcalibur. 
We've had Bad Joke threads, Offensive Joke threads, Blonde Joke threads, etc.   What's a good joke I can tell an 8-year-old boy that he can tell at school, and not get sent to the office?   And please, can we leave off the "Nacho Cheese", and the "Bear wiped his bum with the rabbit" ones?
Give her a shovel.
His personality.
Enough to kill two and a half men.
I don't know, by then I ran.
The drummer is drooling out of   sides of his mouth.
Enough to kill two and a half men.
Take off the pizza delivery sign. 
wanna go to lunch?
so your asshole doesn't slam shut
Pay him for the pizza.
Homeless.
A: The defendant.
We call them to take us in. (From The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Handbook of Conundrums, by Edith B. Ordway. So this is a century old joke.)
Concentration camp.
We call them to take us in. (From The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Handbook of Conundrums, by Edith B. Ordway. So this is a century old joke.)
Concentration camp.
Tell him that Asylum Seekers are the natural predators of Paedophiles.
I'll give you two fives for a ten.
You don't. You get down from a duck.
Big shoes.
Trees don't bleed when you cut their limbs off. 
It means you're in the wrong house!
Civil Rights. For Anyone.
A hot air baboon!
You can't beat bacon....!
A hot air baboon!
You can't beat bacon....!
30 IQ points.  This, as any carpenter will tell you, isn't a joke.  
Open sores.
Nothing.
 posted this 6 months ago, but I just watched that episode of Party Down where Ron says it. I googled the joke but   was the first on the list and no one had a decent answer. Come on, punchlines!!!
A dumb terminal
Blackmail. 
you'd have to sit in your own pew.
Christopher Walken. Edited for spelling, even though the guy was a stuffy old turd about it. :D HEYOOO
Oh.....it's fine. Forget about it. Seriously don't worry about it. I'm fine sitting here in the dark. 
A fridge doesn't fart when you take out the meat.
A baby with slashed floaties.  What's red and yellow and floats on top of the pool? Floaties with a slashed baby.
Pick him up and suck his dick. 
Pick him up and suck his dick. 
an addadicktomy.
(if you thought because you can't drop it, guess again) Because it takes longer to pick up. 
"Men, get on the boat."
If a Rottweiler starts humping your leg you let it finish.
a woman kneeling in prayer has hope in her soul.
Pygmies are cunning runts.
So deaf people can enjoy them too
Kermit's undivided
A buccaneer.
none, PETA can't change anything.
none, PETA can't change anything.
The ultra-sound guy.  Who takes over when hes on holiday?  The hip-replacement guy
Tulips on an organ.
A rooster says cock-a-doodle-do and a whore says any-cock'll-do
A seizure salad!
Do you smell carrots?
Do you smell carrots?
you barium
A dead epileptic.  
Syphilis. BTW. I know this is not a medially accurate joke 
Well, nothing yet.
MOO-barak!
Either way someone's going to lose a trailer.
denim denim denim (pronounced with the Mario underground theme)
Tooth-hurty.
He lost the huile d'olive.
Ventriloquists have to be able to speak with their mouths closed.  Politicians speak out of both sides of their mouths simultaneously.
Ventriloquists have to be able to speak with their mouths closed.  Politicians speak out of both sides of their mouths simultaneously.
Non-Friction
Because he needed a poo. (As in, kneaded a poo.)
Paint yourself green and throw forks at her.
Because 7 'ate' 9. (it's all about delivery) (it's more of a riddle than a 'joke' per se, but funny nonetheless)
Doesn't really matter it won't come anyway
A guy with an orange for a head walks into a bar and orders drinks for the whole place. Within a half hour he has almost every girl in the place hovering around him and trying to get close to him. He leaves and comes back several times, each time with a different girl. As the night wears on, the place empties and it is just the bartender (who has been watching this guy all night) and the guy with an orange for a head. The bartender finally works up the nerve and says to the guy: "I don't mean to be rude or anything, but you get all these girls and have enough money to buy everyone drinks, but you have an orange for a head...what's up?" The man replies, "Well, I was walking along the beach and I found a lamp, rubbed it and a genie came out and offered me three wishes. For the first I asked to be extremely wealthy." "Naturally" says the bartender. "For the second, " the man continues, "I wished for all women to find me incredibly attractive." "Mhmm." says the bartender expectantly. "Well, the third wish is where I really screwed up." Explained the man. "For my third wish, I wished for an orange for a head."
They advance to the finals against Tunisia.

"YOU get a father, and YOU get a father, and YOU get a father!  Everybody gets a father!!!
You: What is the secret... Timing
Would be nice if you guys could help out: Here's something to warm you up: Yo mama so ugly she looked out the window and got arrested for mooning.
The Rolling Stones song says "Hey you, get off of my cloud".  A Scotsman says "Hey McCloud, get off of my Ewe".
Having to tell your friend his kids should get tested.
If you don't nail her good she'll be at the neighbors.
E=MCHammer... you know what just down vote I don't care any more.   I'm fed up being gay!
I have some clients in real estate that I'll be seeing soon.  Can you give me a list of jokes I could use on them?  Something like, "What did one home for sale say to the other?"
Keep the tip.
I don't know but she'll never make as much as a man AND SHE KNOWS IT!
...The Judge threw out the case because she didn't have a leg to stand on.
If you slick her hair back, she looks like an 8 year old boy.
My ass.
I'm not cumming in this morning!
You can't Peanut Butter a dick up your ass. 
4 out of 3 people have trouble with fractions. There are 3 kinds of people. Those who can count and those who can't. There are 10 types of people who understand binary. Those who do and those who don't. There are (undefined) number of people who understand dividing by zero. More?
A moose knuckle
nothing. 
Take it out of the freezer and run it through a bandsaw.
Just Juan. 
Inspection.
Because:      25 DEC == 31 OCT Merry Christmas Fellow Nerds! :)
his pants fit like a glove
(shrugs shoulders) Depends.
Osteoporosis
Osteoporosis
It lacked porpoise.
she have an answer for everything
Only half the things that come out of her vagina are retarded.
Only half the things that come out of her vagina are retarded.
It's all about fitting the long piece in just right...
There was a man who had three girlfriends, but he did not know which one to marry. So he decided to give each one $5000 and see how each of them spent it. The first one went out and got a total makeover with the money. She got new clothes, a new hairdo, manicure, pedicure, the works, and tells the man, “I spent the money so I could look pretty for you because I love you so much.” The second one went out and bought new golf clubs, a CD player, a television, and a stereo and gave them to the man. She said, “I bought these gifts for you with the money because I love you so much.” The third one takes the $5000 and invests it in the stock market, doubles her investment, returns the $5000 to the man and reinvests the rest. She says, “I am investing the rest of the money for our future because I love you so much.” The man thought long and hard about how each of the women spent the money. Finally, being the mere man he was, he decided to marry the one with the biggest breasts. Sources :-  
A fly's teeny weenie.
Reddit is slow as fuck
A compooter. 8D
Because it was charged with battery. Thank you, I'll be here all night... Finals week needs to end.
Little Seizures
But our friends -  creative designers and developers - know what to do! You just need to press RED button and voice form Abyss of Internet will ask the most popular question in such situations…And you will feel better…for sure… check for: whyyyyyyyyyyyyyy com
In the olfactory.
Because cheetahs are faster.
"HOW ARE WE SUPPOSED TO FIND OUR WAY THROUGH THIS SHIT?"
It was sweepy. ಠ_ಠ

Give the bitch a shovel.
Because it is two tired.
He heard the place was crawling with pussy.
Stephen Talking.
An iPad.
One, but it will take 13 attempts.
I FOUND MY MICROSCOPE, now all I need is my lotion and tweezers
None.  Punks never changed anything.
They don't bother, you can find lutfisk in the dark.
A McRib
Why do turkeys always gobble? They haven’t been taught good table manners!
Because then Dallas would want one too.
God really liked it so he put rings on it.
ok, first, it's not my joke, and second, it doesn't have the same effect in print, context needed; My ex-gf was meeting my family for the first time, she was nervous, so decided to tell some 'sweet jokes' at dinner.. imagine this coming from a cute 5ft ginger girl, complete with gang hand signs! We haven't been together for years, but I still get asked about her from my brothers, she is definitely still their favorite, so note to female redditors, if you want to create a lasting impression, make his family laugh wine through their noses! EDIT FOR CLARITY
So blind people can hate them, too.
The Marin-era
When pink is blocked by red, you hit the brown.
Fo' Drizzle!
Two. One to change the bulb and one to sing about how grand the old bulb was.
BOO-BEES!
He's alright, though. 
He got chirpes, and the bad news is...it's untweetable.
A girl who can run faster than her brothers.
Fo Drizzle.
The taste. I always use this joke when going to Dr's, or any medical situation.  It never fails to get a great laugh.
B 52.
Anyone else got some fun jokes your kids have told you?
Turn off the Playstation.
right where you left it.
Neither of them are gonna choke.
No? That's what she said.
A speck.
She can fit into your wife's clothes
You get your palm red.
Because they're white.
Because gunpowder is black.
Teacher's aides
Because ah, the egg roll.
Because ah, the egg roll.
No? Remind me not to give you a letter to mail.
Because they can Pump-Kin
Sock puppets.
He was stuck in the chicken.
Because you can't make an omelette without killing a few chicks.
An elephant.
The big hand touches the little hand.
The elephant of surprise. :)
One's a plucked pheasant, and I don't remember how it ends, but your mother's a whore.
I can't jelly my cock down your throat.
He worked his problems out with a pencil.
It's an obscure number you've probably never heard of.
A: She fits into your wife's clothes.
Patty O'Furniture !
It made sense.
His actions are incendiary.
Because they led to stronger and addictive computers.
To which the other bloke replies: Not a fucking thing mate... you know anything about gas cookers?
because she is moaning with the other.
He wiped his arse
Babies, because you can use a pitchfork.
Babies, because you can use a pitchfork.
Fore-skin divers!
Names
Marry her
Because they're ugly and they stink.
because they're ugly, and they smell bad
Three degrees, four tops

'What's up my ass, Batman?'
Oral sex makes your day... Anal sex makes your hole weak!
A large cheese pizza can feed a family of four.
A drummer.
They both get to smell it, but they can't eat it.
It might take me awhile to get hard, I just got laid by this chick. 
None, they just sit in the dark and bitch
He was looking for Pooh.
They're two-tired.
Canoes tip.
Telling your parents you're gay
He works in a manhole. 
He asked if he could buy an I.

they get all over the sheets.
The Republican party.
I've created a muenster. I know, I know, it was cheesy joke.
Just one.  She holds it while the world revolves around her.
A: You probably wouldn't know, it's some really obscure number...
Mrs. Pacman. For 25 cents she'll swallow balls until she dies.

Because they don't like Dicks.
You oscillate its tits a lot.
hAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAyyyy! . . . . . . What does a gay pirate eat? . . . . .
A: Fish.
A: Fish.

It doesn't come out for awhile... What are some other good jokes that start off as stories? Ex: You hear about that actress that stabbed that guy recently. Reese something, ummmm. your friend: Witherspoon? you: No, with her knife ZINNNNG!
because she had Supercalifrajilistic Osteoporosis
They says that they don't give cows a square meal.
Spiiting and swallowing.
He just couldn't "budge-it".
He worked it out with a pencil.
foot gagnant, gagner argent, gagner cadeaux, instant gagnant, gagner cadeaux foot, football, instant foot, jeu gratuit, nouveau design, instants gagnants, cash, audiotel, gagner euros, appel gagnant, gagner du cash
The wheelchair!
A wet nose.
Bacon
It's a pretty obscure number. You probably haven't heard of it.
a BROFL
a BROFL
my pen is
Shoot the first one.
The one with the wee calf.
So I was link surfing when I stopped to read this joke. Not only is it an awful joke, it's full of mistakes... which makes it funny(er). On New Year's Eve, Daniel was in no shape to drive, so he sensibly left his van in the car park and walked home.   As he was wobbling along, he was stopped by a policeman.  'What are you doing out here at four o'clock in the morning?' asked the police officer.   'I'm on my way to a lecture,' answered Roger.  'And who on earth, in their right mind, is going to give a lecture at this time on New Year's Eve?' enquired the constable sarcastically.   'My wife,' slurred Daniel grimely. 
A good start.
Not only have you let me down, but you've let your class down, you've let your school down, and worst of all, you've let yourself down
I recently found this sub reddit and thought it would be a great place to come and find some funny jokes( yep no joke). I noticed however that most of the front page is this newdailyjoke.com website and 9/10 of them are god awful. Does anyone else feel this way or is it just me? How have so many of these made the front page? 


Dennays


Your Mums a slut!
A lunatic! (luna-tick)
Because it hertz!
 He did it for the 
A: Because that would be racist. 
Because there are too many cheetahs.
A self-cleaning coven.
In his sleevies!

An egg timer








