Did you hear about the Native American man that drank 200 cups of tea?
What's the best anti diarrheal prescription?
What do you call a person who is outside a door and has no arms nor legs?
Which Star Trek character is a member of the magic circle?
What's the difference between a bullet and a human?
Why was the Ethiopian baby crying?
What's the difference between a corn husker with epilepsy and a hooker with dysentery?
Who is 2016's biggest sellout?
Why is little Annie's shoe floating in the sea?
What's the difference between a married man and a bachelor?
Why are there so many blood cells in female prisons?
What do you call a russian tree?
How do you call it when an egg is on point?
Where'd the dog who lost his tail go to get a new one?
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster shucker and a hooker with diarrhea?
Did you hear about the oyster who went to the ball?
Why are frogs so happy?
How do you turn an Indian woman on?
Shall I tell you the joke about the kidnappers?
Do you like fish sticks?
What did the 2 rednecks say after breaking up?
What's the difference between a pizza and a Jew?
Why does Santa have three gardens?
Why did the hipster burn his tongue?
Why did Mozart kill his chickens?
What is a pirate's worst nightmare?
Why can't you e-mail a photo to a Jedi?
What will happen if you went inside a black hole?
Which came first, the Chicken or the Egg?
What's common between a good boyfriend and a lion?
Who put semen in the basement?
What do you do when your wife starts smoking?
Want to hear a joke about UDP?
[OC] Person 1: What do your parents do?
What species are the best rappers?
What does Santa say to the elves after they make the toys?
What is statistically three times worse than a war?
What do you call a row of three hares hopping backward?
I've got a dead budgie for sale, anyone interested?
What is the politically correct name for "African Americans with Down Syndrome" group?
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion?
How many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What is a NYC nanosecond?
Where do Tumblr users go to pray?
Q: What did the left leg say to the right leg?
What's below your sha-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na knees?
How do Humans Reproduce?
How does a Nun save herself from being poisoned?
Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milkshakes?
What's the difference between Donald Trump and an orange?
Why did the man apply for the job at the Model T factory?
How is life as a virgin?
Why can't Caitlyn Jenner lie to her kids?
What does a dog do when it loses it's tail?
Why don't Mexicans take drivers Ed and sex Ed on the same day?
Is this InkJet any good?
Why was the Router released early from prison?
Whats the name of a bodybuilder whose a fan of the X-Men?
What did the man say to his wife when he failed to get an erection?
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows?
Guess how many girlfriends I have right now?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve?
What does a pencil have in common with marijuana?
Why is it hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs?
What is the difference between cancer and a Brazilian?
What's the difference between OP and eggs?
What do you get when you mix an insurance company with an NFL quarterback?
Do you know why the Amish girl was excommunicated?
What's the difference between someone unemployed and a gender-expert?
What's better than Norwegian Beef Stew?
What do pirates say when they find buried treasure?
What do my dad and Carly Rae Jepsen have in common?
What did the American WWI vet say to the angry German veteran?
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb?
What does a near-sighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common?
What do you call two bananas?
why do nice girls always go for the assholes?
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor?
What’s the difference between a joke and two dicks?
What's the worst part about eating vegetables?
What should you do when people talk behind your back?
What's Desiigner's favorite car?
What's cheaper, Beer Nuts or Deer Nuts?
If the bird of peace if the dove, what's the bird of love?
What's the difference between a Hippo and a Zippo?
What do they say in every infomercial in Kuwait?
What do they call the doctor who released private health information after he got mad at his being given away?
What do you call a man with no shin ?
Why did Fonzie stop sleeping around?
How to you embarrasses an archaeologist?
Why'd the vulture check his bag?
Why don't drug addicts hang out at the beach?
Is anyone seeing Rouge 1 this week?
What's the difference between a high and drunk driver?
Wife:Isn't hot in here hun?
Knock knock. Who's there? Dave. Dave who?
What did Mohammad eat while in the Holy Land?
Boy to Girl- Hi Sweetheart, How is your day going?
What were the last things going through the minds of the 9/11 jumpers?
Why do black people like Korean food?
What do you call an overweight bounty hunter?
What did the beaver say when he fell in water?
Why was Mexico willing to pay to build the wall between the US and Mexico?
How do you make a dead baby float?
Why did the Muslim man have to build a house for his wives before he could eat KFC?
How did a bit travel from the CPU to the HDD?
Did you hear about the streaker in church?
What is it called when the police work overtime?
Why do Jewish men get circumcised ?
Why do riot police get to work early?
What does a whistle-blower do during a Russian blizzard?
Why buttock implants are popular in Australia?
What would be the first thing D. J. Trump would write in the Death Note (if it would exist)??
What did the horse say to the other horse?
What does a suicide bomber say when he's teaching class?
Why did the chicken give the cat his mashed potatoes?
What did one ass cheek say to the other?
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb?
Did you hear about the UK banning hummus?
What do you call a female android?
Police Officer: "Can you identify yourself, Sir"?
What's 11 & 2?
What car does a Mexican drive?
What do you call a brothel riddled with rabies?
How can you tell if you have a mature or an immature sense of humor?
What do you call it when Usain Bolt is standing next to your mom?
What happens when a pirate turns 60?
how many black live matters protester does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Did you hear about that Native American who drank ten cups of tea one night?
What do you call a bear with no teeth?
What do A Tribe Called Quest and margarine have in common?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What did the painter say after finishing a portrait of his brother Andrew?
What do you call a snowman who cons people?
What do you call a snail on a sail boat?
What did Tom hanks do in the woods?
What do you call a herpes pun?
How many eye doctors does it take to change a lightbulb?
Genie: what's your first wish?
What's yellow and black and makes you laugh?
What do you call a girl on the grill?
What do successful prostitutes have?
What music do they play in a mexican bathroom?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What's a computer's favorite beat?
What did the Special Needs Rowing Team decide to call themselves?
Want to hear a word I just made up?
WIFE: The car won’t start. Can you pick me up at the drive through McDonald's in town?
What's green and flies over Poland?
How many communists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did the three year old African boy buy a red convertible?
Did you hear about the kidnapping at the local school?
What do you call an indian with pink hair?
what did the cell that got stepped on by it's sister say?
When is a car, not a car?
What side do turkeys have the most feathers on?
What do boobs and Christmas trees have in common?
What do you call a couple having sex in a moving car?
What did the atheist fisherman say when asked about his catch?
What's the difference between an art student and a philosophy student?
Where did Susie go when her town got bombed?
Why is the state of Israel like laundry?
Whats a ducks favourite drug?
How do you kill 27 people with one punch?
What do "fake news" and isis have in common?
Who won the international race?
What do you call a slut that can think?
Which is the smallest profession? A mini cab driver or a micro biologist?
Why won't Jonas Bjerre, Johan Wohlert nor Silas Utke Graae Jørgensen use guitars?
What's the difference between a trump supporter and a newly adopted Siberian husky?
What did Anakin say to Padme right before they had sex?
What do you call a rabbi who plays miniature golf?
What do you call a cow with a twitch?
What do you call an old Spanish car?
How did Luke Skywalker know what Darth Vader got him for Christmas?
What did the hippie say when he was asked to leave the couch he was sleeping/staying on?
What's the difference between a Nazi and a gay man?
What do you call a pine cone that creates exact replicas of itself?
What if George Lucas was the new Supreme Court justice?
Why does Santa have three gardens?
What's the difference between a frog and a horny toad?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil?
What is the difference between Reddit and children's television?
How many stockholders does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you do if you come across a tiger in the jungle?
What do you call a black man in space?
How do you get an art major off your front porch?
Why doesn't cancer let anyone in a music store?
What is ISIS's favorite mathematical operation?
Why are there no female serial killers ??
How do you blindfold an Asian?
How do you make an octopus laugh?
Why do dogs lick each other?
What do Leonardo, Donatello, Michelangelo and Raphael have in common?
What's brown and sticky?
What do you call a half gay person on a bike?
What does a new pilot do?
Why is it great to date a duck?
Who was the famous writer, that died in WWII?
What do you get if you cross a woman with a whale?
What's the biggest difference between Intel and AMD?
Why don't airplanes make good dads?
Why are all Jewish men circumcised ?
What do you call a hundred blondes stacked up on each other?
What's a neckbeard's favorite metal?
My 8 year old today: Who serves the toilet?
How do police informants begin their jokes?
How can you tell if a witch is racist?
Where do cowboys cook their meals?
Why do people call Pokemon Ruby, Sapphire and Emerald the "teenage years" of Pokemon?
Knock knock! Who's There?
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda?
Did you hear about the new rating scale for how colorblind someone is?
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
Why does Tiger Woods make the best milkshakes?
How can you tell if a man has a high sperm count?
Why did Judge Reinhold get arrested in Dallas?
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
What does the MacBook have in common with Donald Trump?
Where do you find a dog with no legs?
What do you call it when Batman skips church..?
What do blind fisherman use as bait?
Why is there an Angel on top of the Christmas tree?
If you're in the army and your commanding officer comes up to you when you're near your camping equipment, what do you do?
What do you call an appetizer made with duck?
How much room is needed for fungi to grow?
Whats black and isn't working?
"Did you hear about the $3,000,000 Maryland State Lottery?
Can I get a loan?
What is your name?
Why are all my black friends so tall?
Why the full we don't have any jokes about Islam?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
Do you know the difference between lunch and a blowjob?
What did the girlfriend say to her boyfriend that was bitten by a zombie?
What do you call a fat prostitute in space?
Doctor: Did you come to see me with and eye problem?
Why didn't Keanu Reeves eat his breakfast cereal?
Why did the board game factory close?
What is a south Koreans favorite fruit?
How do you drown a blonde?
What do you call Pope Benedict after his final day in the papal office?
Where does a two dimensional man live?
Who just can't get enough of one liners?
What do Spider-Man and Windows 98 have in common?
Why cant you watch TV in Afghanistan?
What did the elephant say?
What is red and bad for your teeth?
Wanna dance?
How are Santa Claus and a Catholic priest alike?
What is yellow and rolls down a hill?
Why is "My Own Worst Enemy" a great song?
What do you get when you throw a grenade into a french kitchen?
Did you know Helen Keller had an amusement park in her backyard?
What's a redditor's favorite pasta?
What's the difference between a duck?
Ever tried eating a clock?
Why is the ocean so salty?
Why transformer vibrates?
Is your refrigerator running?
Do you ever talk to yourself?
When do cows go to sleep?
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a lightbulb?
What did the 0 say to the 8?
What do short people call something that's too high up?
Why is Yoda the worst copilot?
What do you call a non-practicing Jew?
What do you call a runner who hates every event but his own?
What do you call someone who can't think on their feet?
What do you do when there's a murderer on the loose but you can't miss out on the extra 15% off on the entire store?
Why isn't the holiday on December 25th pronounced "Chlistmas"?
Why did the Jewish man become a banker?
What do Prime Numbers and Basic Bitches have in common?
Why do girls take 45 minutes to get dressed?
Why do computer programmers confuse Christmas with Halloween?
What do you call a rifle that fires 3 bullets at once?
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple?
What did Jesus say to Melchior?
Afraid your kid might be a commie?
Which Way Do Transformers Put The Toilet Paper?
Why do Indians hate snow?
Why did princess Diana cross the road?
How did redditor heckle the stand up comic?
What do you call a hippie that is out at sea on a raft?
What disease does a married man have?
What is the number 1 rule at a computer bar?
Why are Alabama weddings so small?
What should you not gift a Syrian this year?
Why did Prince Charles leave Windsor Castle and move to an alley?
Know what's the perfect example of a queue?
Why wasn't Jesus Christ born in Alabama?
Why are there no Walmarts in Iraq?
How many suh dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a black guy surrounded by 1000 white people?
Why do I not laugh at your jokes anymore?
(Dark) What does a lightbulb and a pregnant woman have in common?
What do a Boston Marathon runner and Jesus have in common?
How many vegans does it take to eat a cheeseburger?
Q: How do astronomers organize a party?
How many r/jokes redditors does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do a Boston Marathon runner and Hitler have in common?
Wanna hear a dirty joke?
What is a musician's favorite computer?
What do you call a crow who repairs time pieces?
How many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why did the teddy bear leave the restaurant?
Why do the rich enjoy tending to their gardens?
What does Reddit share in common with the real world?
What's the difference between a garbanzo pea and a chick pea?
Wanna hear a joke about a piece of paper?
What do you call an iron cat?
What do people drink at Club Obi-Wan?
What did the banana say to the vibrator?
What do you call a group of ravens?
What does Sherlock Holmes do in the toilet?
What do you call a dog with 2 legs?
Obama: (sighs) Joe, what happened to all of the pens that were in this container yesterday?
What did the sex offender say when he robbed the Pokémon Center?
Has anyone ever tasted novocaine?
Why does Rihanna hate racing against a shit covered Jesus?
What do Greeks use to listen to music?
What's a surfers least favourite household appliance?
Why are girlfriends like plungers?
Why didn't the terminator upgrade to windows 10?
Why can you never trust a car made in the Soviet Union?
How do you build on Christmas?
How do you call a robber in a suit of armor?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
Why couldnt the feminist screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a gay philosopher?
How do you cover 18 holes with one hole?
What's worse than getting rejected by an attractive stranger?
Why couldn't Barbie get pregnant?
Why did the little girl fall off the swing?
What do you call the 'n' in government?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why did the mushroom go to the party?
Why did the console peasant cross the road?
What did the woman say to the stamp collector to reject his romantic advances?
What happens when you spin an Asian around?
What's the difference between a party where everyone rushes to the beverage table and a party where everyone waits their turn?
What do you call a Jewish Pokémon trainer?
What did the obese man say about the belt he'd recently purchased?
What's your greatest weakness?
Damn girl are you an Indian reservation?
What's the difference between a Zippo and a hippo?
Who was the true winner of the 1940 Tour de France?
Why is Jesus always sad?
[Dark Humor] How many Jews died in the holocaust?
Why are people from Arkansas so good at Science?
Wanna hear a terrorist joke?
What do you call a drug factory that catches fire?
What do the twin towers and genders have in common?
Have you read the book about anti-gravity?
Who is this Rorschach guy?
What do you call a puppy with autism?
Why was Orlando Bloom sad when he realised he wasn't able to build small toy houses?
Why is it illegal to masturbate on an airplane?
Why are most politicians in the closet or gay?
Why can't Maester Aemon see?
what did the Kremlin say when Kruschev died?
What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus?
Why is a hen house like a lesbian?
What do they call deers in space?
Why did the detective go to the apartment complex?
Why did the duck cross the road?
How do you get a Canadian to quit smoking cigarets?
Why did Gandalf the Grey drop out of high school?
Have you ever heard a terrible joke?
Why did the tourist visiting Mexico bring Prolax and pepper spray?
Why doesn't Pac-Man use Twitter?
How does the balance sheet of a bank look like as of today?
Have you ever tried to eat a clock?
Anyone Heard About The New Barbie?
What do you call your wife's sisters husband?
Mother Teresa lived to 87. Do you know how much sex she had in all those years?
Is your dad a gardner?
What do you call the birth of a lie?
Why did the animal shelter relocate to Nebraska?
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Why did the french geologist have to go to the hospital?
How does a Jew make his coffee?
What do you call a guy who can't poop?
What do you call a witch who only eats sand?
If Reddit were a 90s sitcom, what would it be called?
What is the difference between Jews and Santa Claus?
Why do gorillas have big nostrils?
Why do java programmers need glasses?
How many Gordon Ramseys does it take to change a lightbulb?
why was the Star Ship Enterprise circling Uranus?
What do you call a deceptive feline?
Did you hear about the Buddhist who refused a Novocain injection during root canal treatment?
What do you call a cheesy French man?
What font does a beef noodle stall use?
Should I get get worried when the moon goes dark?
Why can't Matthew McConaughey make a left turn?
What do you call a retired professional swimmer?
Why do fanfic writers like Amazon Prime?
A blonde asks the doctor: Can you catch aids in toilets?
How many police officers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why can't Kermit and Miss Piggy count to one hundred?
What would've happened if Jesus Christ didn't make Christmas?
What does an invisible watermelon look like?
What do you call a Catholic Missionary who is also a car enthusiast?
When does feminism end?
What did Edward Snowden say when he bumped into Barack Obama?
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb in Texas?
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and a Xbox?
How do you clean a spear?
What do you call it when two terrorists are horsing around on the radio?
What do Muslim men do while foreplay?
What do you call a journalist in Russia?
What did the hungry computer eat?
What did the Ceasar of reddit say?
How do you know if a girl is ticklish?
When does a joke become a dad joke?
Q: Why did the one-handed man cross the road?
How do you back Donald Trump into a driveway?
Anton, do you think I'm a bad mother?
Why was Six afraid of Seven?
Why are negative parabolas so introverted?
What computer eat?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Wanna read a long joke?
When does a joke become a dad joke?
What do you call a girl with no legs?
Just had sex even though I had a headache. Did you hear that, ladies?
How do you calculate a girl's impulse?
How do they pick kids for the Make-A-Wish Foundation?
What does the sign on an out-of-business brothel say?
What does the European say to the black couple?
Why did sumo wrestlers start shaving their legs?
What does a skeptic chemist say when he hears a baseless argument?
Why are ducks always sad?
Q: Does God exist?
Are you Russian?
What do you call a judge with no left hand and left leg?
What do you call a snake that works in the government?
why did the chicken cross the road?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
How much room is needed for fungi to grow?
What do you say to a black man in a suit?
How did George Michael speak when he couldn't eat fruit?
How many isolationists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Did you hear about the man who got sick at the airport?
Ever hear about the Baader Meinhof phenomena?
What is a pirate's least favorite letter?
What do you call an NSA whistle-blower spending the winter in Russia?
What's a stoner's favorite body of water?
How do you make a scientist laugh?
What do you throw at a scientists wedding?
What is a dad joke?
What do you call it when someone from Belarus lies to you?
What do you call an angry German?
Why did the blind women fall into a well?
Did you hear about the president that cheated on his wife with a piece of fruit?
Why does Willem Dafoe play a villain in a lot of movies?
How do you make copper wire?
What's the difference between a drug dealer and a prostitute?
How do you know if you are drowning in milk?
Why is Kevin Hart the opposite of Michael Schumacher?
What's the hardest part of cooking vegetables?
What do you call a black man flying an airplane?
What's green and yellow and can't fly?
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord?
Why did the blonde tip toe near the medicine cabinet?
Why do men carry condoms instead of women?
How is Christmas like your job?
What did Hillary say when she lost?
Hey boy,are you the Marauder's Map?
Why don't X and Z get along with Y?
Hey girl are you legs broken?
What did the knife say to the potato?
What was Jeremy Clarkson on during Top Gear?
What is the difference between a 3D modeller and a gamer?
[Controversial] Why wasn't Jesus born into the Trump family?
Why is the ocean so salty?
What did the chronic masturbator have for dinner?
What do you call a semi-professional proctologist?
Why was Peter Pan a bad boxer?
Did you hear that Willie Nelson died?
What am I not taking on Christmas this year?
Did you guys hear about the Trump winery?
What is something that is brown and sticky?
You know what the hardest part about rollerblading is?
What do you call a person who drinks way too much soda?
What's the difference between a jeweler and a jailer?
What goes stomp, stomp, stomp, squish?
What’s the difference between being hungry and being horny?
What's the difference between Beyonce and a shopping bag?
Why is it easier for married black men to cheat?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle?
What do you call a short priest reaching for his bible that's on the top shelf?
What do you say to Harry Potter when he has a mosquito bite he can't stop scratching?
What do you call the guy who manages my apartment building?
What do Trump and an Aluminum can have in common?
What's brown and sticky?
What dies a little, when explained about?
What do a horny guy and a bad driver have in common?
What do Waitresses and Chemists have in common?
What do you call a cheap, horrible circumcision?
How do you lower the crime rate?
What happened when Santa cut his beard?
Why do chickens go to church?
Man: Hi, do you want to dance?
What's awkward for a man but a normal part of the job for a lumberjack?
Have you ever smelled moth balls?
Which president was least guilty?
What do you call a private investigator who has a completely liquid diet?
Why do gorillas have big nostrils?
Why don't you ever see elephants hiding in trees?
Why was six scared of seven?
After Kanye was released from the hospital for exhaustion what was his diagnosis?
How do you get over a fear of elevators?
What do you call miscellaneous members of Han Solo's best friend's family?
What does an old woman have between her breasts that a young woman doesn't?
Why is your nose in the middle of your face?
What did the vinaigrette say to the refrigerator?
Why are Boy Scouts safest when travelling with a senior?
What's a Pirate's favorite letter?
how do you get a gay guy to sit on a bar stool?
What do you get if you cross McCree with a cow?
What did the buffalo say before his son left for school?
Mistress or Wife?
What did one coffee bean say to the other coffee bean?
Why do Santas elves take forever to finish making toys?
What's joke #1?
You know what's more funnier than Cold Play?
What's the difference between a comedian and a Republican?
What's the most threatened career in Trudeau's Canada?
What do you call a 200ft Rabbi rampaging through Tokyo?
What do you call a soul singer with a bladder problem?
What do Englishmen like more than tea?
Where do fashionable kids with cancer like to shop for clothes?
Why didn't the chicken cross the road?
Where do lumberjacks go for casual sex?
What does a ghost drink?
What do you call a musical wreath made from $100 bills?
What's the difference between the G-Spot and Jack Daniels?
What did the bartender say after Charles Dickens ordered a drink?
How are women like casinos?
Why did the Mexicans ignore the "No Trespassing" sign?
Did you hear about the General's Army?
What's a thief's favorite type of armour?
Who wears a toga and a face mask?
What do spinach and anal sex have in common?
What's the worst thing to say to a person with depression?
Why do Stasi officers make such good taxi drivers?
What do you call a theme park where people go to have selfies with chickens?
What did the salesman say when you asked for a 10% discount on a pair of Crocs?
What do you call a cranky grandfather?
What's a down-side of being a paedophile?
What's the hardest thing about anal?
What did Nokia's executives say when the iPhone launched?
What do you call one of Santa's helpers who bosses around the reindeer?
Whats blue and slippery?
How did the two perverts break up?
Why didn't the piece of paper move out of the way when a car came speeding towards it?
What did the insect say when he saw a gnat get hit?
What does Barack say to Michelle when they're getting adventurous with their House of Cards roleplay?
What do you call a bird that's afraid of heights?
Ever heard of the first time Stevie Wonder tried reading braille?
Why is the beach wet?
Why do big trucks have nuts on the trailer hitch, but no shaft?
What did one hotdog stand say to the other hotdog stand?
Did you hear about the new color attracting broom?
What's it called when a fedora wearing neckbeard gets sick?
Why does a white person turn black after eating a whole cantaloupe?
What do you call a Jewish woman's boobs?
What do a sneeze, a french-dip, and Woody Allen have in common?
What did Batman say to Robin before he got in the car?
Why do dogs lick their balls ?
What do you call a gay Jew?
Did you hear the one about the agnostic insomniac dyslexic?
What do you call a gay couple before June 2015?
How do you call a cow with no legs?
Did you hear about the builder who could clap very loudly?
What came before the Big Bang?
What do you call a man with no knees?
Did you hear about the new camouflage turban?
Why doesn't Santa have any kids?
What does a Jedi use to open files?
Which came first the chicken or the egg?
What do you call a motorcycle gang made up of ancient bisexual Norse monarchs?
What's the hardest part of making a vegan pizza?
What is everyone using to scrape ice off their windscreen?
What reassurance did the proud Jewish father offer his struggling son?
What do you call a bell which doesn't do it's work?
What do pumpkin spice and Drake have in common?
What did the vegetable say to the dj?
What do the cristae of the mitochondria and the Mexican border have in common?
What was the other reindeer's name?
What's the difference between Hitler and Trump?
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire?
Why Don't Black People like Country Music?
How are new marriages just like LOST?
What is brown and sticky?
Did you hear the one about the gay whale?
What do you call a white supremacist that doesn't eat meat?
What has two wings and a halo?
What is your guys' opinion on shoes that are a little bit too small?
What did Velma say to Scooby when they went to the haunted methadone clinic?
You know what the worst part about being tall and funny is?
How can you tell an ant is a boy or girl?
What do you call an american late night channel block dedicated to tsundere anime shows?
how do japanese petite dogs says hello?
What do you get when you cross a penis and a potato?
Why doesn't the stone vendor value money?
Why do Native Americans hate snow?
(OC)What did dumbledores ghost say?
How many feet are in a yard?
why do women not need to wear watches?
What's it called when a dog burns down a building?
What's the definition of a will?
What is Stephen Hawking's favourite song?
Why did nobody in the Soviet Union drive manual cars?
What is everyone using to scrape ice off their windscreen?
Why are Jews so good at basketball?
Did you get a swirly?
What are Super Mario & Luigi's overalls made of?
What was the desert's piece of advice?
Did you hear about the Brazilian football team?
Have you meet my briefcase?
What do capitalists and conspiracy theorists have in common?
What do you call a flying bagel?
Why are there no nightclubs on Venus?
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn’t change colour?
Whats the difference between a USB and the USA?
How do farmers count their cattle?
Hey baby, do you wanna sleep with a statistic?
Why aren't Tumblr users good farm contractors?
Did you hear about the magic tractor?
Where are the best sounding farts listed?
Was Santa Claus Your Birth Doctor?
Why was the woman with no children so good at konami games?
How did the scarecrow get a promotion?
What do you say when you find superheroes in a Lego store?
Why is it easy to defeat an army of suicide bombers?
What word is always spelled incorrectly?
Did you hear about the guy who won too many awards?
Who is the most communist cat in the world?
What do you call a business man that blocks snow?
What does a noise musician order at a Chinese restaurant?
Asked a hen how many eggs it lays daily?
How does a man with no nose smell?
At a gig, how can you tell if the stage is level?
Why did some chemists go broke?
How do frogs make a condom more interesting?
How does a Jewish man make coffee?
What do you call a dog with steel legs and brass balls?
What do you call a Nazi doctor that served in WWII and only took animal patients?
What does a fern have in its house?
Hey girl, are you from Tennessee?
What did the egg say when it got turned up?
Have you heard about those corduroy pillows?
Why do white people rely on asians so much?
Why didn't Hitler take a taxi?
Where did L Ron Hubbard store his dishes?
What was Stalin's favorite chemical equation?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
If I have 10 pieces of bacon and you take half, what do you have?
Have you folks read the book, Twenty Yards to the Outhouse?
Why is Gandalf so good in bed?
What do you call a low hanging bull?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
Why did the guitarist get life in prison?
How do you call the biggest beer bottle?
Why couldn't I use the Palestinian toilet?
Hey baby you like hardware stores?
Why was the teacher cross-eyed?
How do seals keep their coats so smooth?
What is Tom's favorite kind of joyride?
On a perfect date, what question do you ask a girl twice?
What Do You Call IDubbbz When He is Angry?
What do you call a pack of 8 Timbits?
How do deaf mathematicians communicate?
How do deaf mathematicians communicate?
Ever wonder how we evolved from cavemen to civilized people?
What sound does a Greek gun make?
Why did the console peasant cross the road?
What's worse than a cardboard box?
What do 6.9 and 69 have in common?
Why did Frosty drop his pants?
What's worse than having a girlfriend without tits?
What do you call cheap circumcision?
Can somebody explain to me the uproar over the CEO editing posts?
Why did hitler accidentally drown that jew?
What do you call a blonde who dyes her hair brown?
How is making cheese like invading Syria?
How do canibals eat victims with Parkinson's disease?
How do you draw a scatter plot?
How do you read the Gospel According to Shrek?
What do vegetarian cannibals eat?
What's the difference between bullets and everyone ?
Why did they never make a pregnant Barbie?
What do you call a cow who just gave birth?
What did the Mexican Physicist have for Thanksgiving Dinner?
If the Pilgrims were alive today, what would they be most famous for?
What's imaginary that my girlfriend and I afraid to forget?
Where does Napoleon live/Ou Napoléon habite-t-il?
What do you call a number on drugs?
What is the difference between a good joke and a bad joke?
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a WWI soldier?
What's the difference between a circus and a whore house?
What do you call a potato that had too much pot?
What do toothpaste and Donald Trump have in common?
Do you smoke?
When does a pear become a pair?
What does a barcode say if he bumps into another barcode?
Did you hear Monica Lewinsky became a republican?
What do voyeuristic Redditors look at?
What's the difference between Jesus and the chicken that crossed the road?
Why do Men find it hard to make eye contact?
Why was the broom late to the meeting?
Why is Sammy Hagar such a bad golfer?
What do you call it when Darth Vader moves one foot?
What was a doctors diagnosis of the victims involved in a pet van crash?
Why is there no "Lets settle this like women"?
What is the internal temperature of a Tauntaun?
What do you call a person that raises the dead and also had a thing for napes?
What was the name of the heaviest man in china?
What's the difference between a priest and his dog?
You know who is the worst person ever?
What happens when you play the drums incorrectly?
How did Henry VIIIs wife enter the room?
Does Indiana Jones like foreplay?
How do Zombies get rid of Bad Breath?
What did one dick say to the other dick?
What French city always surrenders first?
Why does the baker have so many loaves?
Are you sure you're the dandy highwayman?
Which lawyers are U2 fans?
What does a horny gay rooster say in the morning?
Where do weightlifters get their sandwiches?
What do you call a kid who tells bad jokes?
Why did the hipster burn himself?
What do you call an honest lawyer?
Did you here about the earthquake that broke the world in half?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?
What do you say about someone who has a grim future?
What is Sean Connery's favorite sport, and around what age did he start playing?
What do you call people that you hate?
How come legacy programmers get Halloween and Christ...?
Why was Hitler late to his meeting?
Who's the world's most powerful woman?
Hey, did you hear about that hilarious joke on /r/Jokes?
Why did the Tinman not go to the ball?
Why did Genghis invade China?
What did Wonder Woman tell The Flash when he saw that he was greying?
[Late, I know] What do rednecks do on Halloween?
What did the alien say to Franz Schubert?
How many fish did it take to consume my wife?
What did the police car say to the muscle car?
What's the difference between Hitler and a marathon runner?
What did the rich bald man want before he died?
What does a Victoria's Secret Black Friday sale have in common with a girl about to get a spanking?
What's the best thing about living in Switzerland?
Why do Trumpler supporters think he's honest?
What did one lonely penis say to the other?
What do Trump supporters and Flat Earthers have in common?
What makes the Palestinians tick?
What do you call a redneck with a functioning car?
What fictional city can ISIS not invade by land?
What happens when you seduce a cow?
What do you call a Scotsman who works in a cloakroom?
Wanna know what's really corny?
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet?
What did the lesbian vampire say to another lesbian vampire?
What's the most forbidden word in retail?
Why are there no fertility clinics in Arkansas?
Did you hear about that broom on the news??
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call a gushing keyboard?
What do you call an Alabama woman who can run faster than her brother?
What do you call a Rick and Morty fan with a bronze medal?
Hey, what's a good sign that you're going insane?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What's the difference between Joe Paterno and Harambe?
Why did the coach go to Aldi?
Where do socialist birds lay their eggs?
Why should I drink Mr. Pibb?
What's black, white, and red all over?
Scientist1: You got any Sodium Hypobromite?
What do you call someone who worships Doritos?
What's E.T. short for?
Have you ever been to a store that only sells lamps?
What is the average lifespan of an owl?
What's the difference between a Chinese man and a lobster under a bus?
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom?
What does a clock do when it's hungry?
What's the difference between your wife and your job?
Who are the fastest readers?
I lose my White friends in the snow, I lose my Black friends at night, I lose my Asian friends in the sand, where do I lose my Arab friends?
What do you call a psychic midget that escapes prison?
What's the difference between a Native American and a white baby?
Why did Hitler kill himself?
What song do the zombies of Westeros sing?
Did you hear about the guy who mistook the oxygen bar for a cigar bar?
When's the baby due?
What did one bridge say to another?
How does Tolkien make his bread?
Where is the first baseball game in the Bible?
Why is time wary of mathematicians?
What is yellow and can't swim?
Why did Hitler break up with his girlfriend?
How did the chicken cross the freeway?
What do you call a Magician with a Parrot?
What do prime numbers and stoners have in common?
Which part of a vegetable isn't edible?
Why does Lou Gramm wear glasses?
What's the best blood type?
What do you call an agreement with a dog on not eating sweets?
Who races the most?
Why do bald men cut holes in there pockets?
Why did the king have his landscaper hanged?
Grandson, can your dick touch your ass?
What did Woody say to Buzz?
Why is ketchup married to mustard?
What do you call an asthmatic statue?
Sorry, Ketchum. One of my students and I needed to talk privately for a moment. Anyways, did you catch something while I was gone?
What do you call a Sith Lord who lives in the woods?
Whats the difference between Jack Daniels and John Wayne?
What's better than getting second place at the special Olympics?
What's similiar between Pokèmon and Jews?
What do you call Italian marijuana?
How do you find a dirty cop?
Why is the oval office oval shaped?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What's the difference between you(anyone reading this) and a refrigerator?
What bleeds once a month and has absolutely no sense of humor?
Do you know why the Little Mermaid wore seashells?
What does a pirate call three feet?
How do you feel when there's no coffee?
What’s the last thing you want to see when you’re shagging the wife?
After the extinction of every Ant on earth, what do we call Anteaters?
What's faster than a black man running with a tv?
Knock knock. Who's there? Daisy. Daisy who?
What does trump call the loose skin around a vagina?
You remember, in 2008 and 2012, when the right rioted, burned police cars, trashed small businesses, and claimed that President Elect Obama was not their president?
What do you get when you mix a rhino with an elephant?
Why is Reddit such a great place for freedom of speech?
What do comedians do when they get tired of doing standup comedy?
What do you call an Asian beheading?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
What did Melania Trump have on her Black Friday shopping list?
What do you say to an ugly person?
What did Nala tell Simba after seeing a herd of women on Black Friday?
What part of America can't sell full sized soft drinks?
Why can't the Transistor drink any more coffee?
How does water stay warm during the winter?
What did the Hulk say when he got trapped in a burning building?
What do you say to comfort the grammar nazi?
You know what the best part of having dyslexia is?
Dark: What's the difference between a jew and a black man?
How many different kinds of crabs can you get in Baltimore?
Who is the greatest loser ever?
(overheard by old man during dinner). What do you call an American who does not like apple pie?
What did the blonde's right leg say to her left leg?
What do you call a dinosaur with explosive diarrhea?
What did Matthew McConaughey say about Steve Bannon's followers?
What is green and smells like red paint?
Why are school shooters more likely to be white people?
What does the Incredible Hulk bring to the Avenger's Thanksgiving meal?
What do you call a female peacock?
What's the difference between a semicolon and a cat?
What're tupacs favorite vegetables?
What has arms but can't move them?
You really think jobs don't racially discriminate?
What is the difference between a nicely dressed man on a tricycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle?
Is Aretha Franklin finished singing the national anthem?
What do you call a Russian on a golf course?
What is the difference between a poor marksman and a constipated owl?
How can you tell the difference between a thermometer and a rectal thermometer?
Who has the fastest brain in the world?
What do you call a place where Mexicans go to the bathroom?
What do you call a group of rabbits walking backward?
What do you call a mix between holiday poultry and a ghoul?
What kind of bagel can fly?
Why is Theresa May so against Porn?
What's The Donald's favourite keyboard shortcut?
What sound does a space turkey make?
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster and a prostitute with diarrhoea?
Why was the Chinese Journey cover band a failure?
What did the green grape say to the purple grape?
What is reddit?
What would Israel be called if it was make believe?
Why don't the Greeks, Slavs, and Armenians celebrate Thanksgiving?
Ever wondered why toilet paper is so cheap in Mexico?
What's the difference between a dead baby and a Porsche?
What kind of car does a rich baker drive?
How do you get your girlfriend to go to the gym with you?
What did the witch say when her position was terminated?
Why can't dyslexics tell jokes?
What did the son say to his father when he lost his suitcase in the airport on their trip to the middle east?
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with boobs?
Hey girl, are you a sudden change in slope on an acceleration-time graph?
How does Kurt Cobain collect his thoughts?
How do you make a rave party in Africa?
Did you know that a person gets in a car accident every 10 seconds?
What would you call oranges if they were purple?
What song do turkeys sing on Thanksgiving Day?
What's the difference between a stubbed toe and an Asgard hero?
What is the difference between a golfer and a sky-diver?
What do you rate Megan Fox out of 10?
What is the hardest part of telling a good gay joke?
Why is six afraid of nine?
Why did the tree go to jail?
What do you call the queue to Alcatraz?
What's worse than having 10 babies nailed to a tree?
What do the twin towers and genders have in common?
What's the difference between a prostitute and a drug dealer?
What do transsexuals run on?
What do bostonians call dogs that protect heaven's gates?
What do you call a gay Jamaican?
What do you call collegiate perspiration?
What do standup comedian prostitutes and whalers have in common?
Who do you see winning the presidency in 4 years?
What's the only part of a vegetable you can't eat?
What do Twitter users and lollipops have in common?
Orange you glad Hillary didn't get elected?
What do the World Trade Center and genders have in common?
Which November holiday is a weed smoker's favorite?
What do you get when you cross a fancy car and a sweet potato?
What kind of bee's make milk?
France and Italy are in a battle against each other. Who wins?
What does a thesaurus have for breakfast?
What is the name of Mark Zuckerbergs mother?
What did the Easter egg say to the boiling water?
What a pirate’s favorite letter of the alphabet?
[Pickup Line] Are you a washing machine?
What do call a prehistoric hooker?
Ever seen a movie titled 'Constipation'?
Why did Obama serve two terms?
Why is the Kremlin so much warmer this winter?
Did you hear?
What did Obama say to the Vice President before leaving the White House?
What did one Pop star say to the other?
What's the longest, hardest thing in a Republican's life?
What's a black mailman called?
What did the Japanese soda say to Papa John after he crashed his car?
If Apple made a car, what would it be lacking?
What Is Bluetooth ?
How do Japanese Chihuahuas say 'Hello'?
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
Why are redditors bad stand-up comedians?
What do you call a neckbeard's disease?
Why have we not seen any Vibrator comb combinations?
How do we know Princess Diana had dandruff?
What's it called if you re-evaluate your butt?
You know what's a big ripoff?
Has anyone heard of the new band called 512MB?
What does the janitor keep in the closet?
How many Jews does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How do Germans tie their shoelaces?
What does donkey taste like?
What do Disney and Kellogg's have in common?
Do you keep your phone in your back pocket?
You hear the one about the kid in Las Vegas?
What do Japanese people say after a Thanksgiving prayer?
What is 6.9?
Why do people at work always laugh at my jokes?
What did the tropical flowers say to the biscuit tin?
what do you call chess players bragging in a hotel lobby?
Is it wrong to hate a certain race?
What is sticky and quacks?
What's the difference between a doctor and God?
Why are Mafia members so good at sex?
What breaks when you give it to a toddler?
What do you call a cow with five legs?
What do you call a cow with three legs?
How do you know your girlfriend is getting fat?
What does a thesaurus eat for breakfast?
Why does Snoop Dog carry an umbrella?
What do you feed a feminist at a cookout?
What do you get when you cross a blue eye and a brown eye?
Advices?
What do you call a snobbish criminal walking downstairs?
What colour did Matthew McConaughey want his house to be painted?
What do you call someone who's been banned from the Playboy mansion?
What's the cheapest type of meat?
What was Hitler so grumpy?
Why don't Muslims support Harambe?
What is the most effective way to remember your wife’s birthday?
Where did the hamburger meet the cheeseburger?
What happens to the short sighted guy who did circumcisions?
What did the SI7 Agent say to a piece of bread in a costume?
What do you get if you cross a soldier and a scientist?
Q: Should you have your whole family for Thanksgiving dinner?
What kind of music did the Pilgrims like?
Why are topologists on a world of their own?
Why can't pirates play any card games?
Excuse me, can you tell me if my indicators are working?
What did the turkey say to the motorist?
If Elon Musk ran for president, what would his subreddit be called?
What do you get when you mix human DNA with goat DNA?
Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl use a bathroom?
What did Mario say about Toad?
What does milk and brothels have in common?
Teacher - What is the difference between 1 Gb and 2 Gb?
What is Forrest Gump's email password?
Why does no one like the number 4?
What is 18 inches long, pink, squishy, and makes women cry?
Why did Neil Armstrong get to set foot on the moon before Buzz Aldrin?
Why does Peter Pan fly?
What do you call a cross between a donkey and an onion?
Why do black computers not work?
What do you call ants in your syrup?
Have you heard about the new German Microwave?
Hey baby are you bread?
What did the kid with no hands get for Christmas?
How do you make a tissue dance?
What's the good word?
What do me an Kanye West have in common?
Why are they called hemorrhoids?
What do Alicia Keys, Katniss Everdeen, and Joan of Arc all have in common?
Psst, hey Patrick, what's funnier than 24?
How did the Irishman get arthritis?
What's the difference between the holocaust and a jolly-good fellow?
What did the candle say to the flame?
A couple was traveling across Europe but had to stop abruptly at Finland's borders. Why?
Why do we drink apple juice?
What do you get when you give your kids participation trophies?
What's a rabbi's favorite type of bar?
Why is the physicist not worried about his weight?
What was the border patrol agent's greatest regret?
What was the difference between the midget magician and Donald Trump during his presidential campaign?
Why was Obama nervous when eating a T-bone aboard Air Force One?
How does a black women know if she's pregnant?
How do you make holy water?
Why did italy cross the road?
What did the fish say when it hit the wall?
Why do you never play hide & seek with mountains?
Do you know on which side the jews fought in WWII?
How do you find a blind guy at a nude beach?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do you call the man with a lisp who drowned?
Why are Leprechauns always laughing?
What time is it when planes start dropping engines?
Why did the hipster chemist get burnt?
What Did One Eye Say To Another Eye?
What do you call it when you spin a candy cane?
What do a call a blonde that dyes her hair brown?
What do you call a sort-of cool vegetable?
Where do lemons go to jail?
How does John Marston take a shower?
How do you fit 4 gays on a barstool?
How many Freudian psychologists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How should a feudal lord deal with it when the serfs rise up?
What's red, and bad for your teeth?
How many "suh dudes" does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why did the toilet paper stop crossing the road?
What is the worst type of doctor you can be?
Did you hear about that action movie about camping?
Why do nerds go to Jewish weddings?
Q: How did the redneck find his sister in the woods?
Why Trump is the most religious president in United States history?
How come Peter Pan keeps on flying?
What rock group have four men that don't sing?
Why did the acid perform poorly?
What's the most popular soup in China?
Why did the baker have brown hands?
What do you call a T-Bone steak without the T?
Why does everyone claim that Steve Bannon is such a crazy guy?
Ever look in the fridge and be disappointed that all there is for supper is leftover pizza and beer?
What did the Cannibal get when he was late to dinner?
How are the Twin Towers and Gender Similar?
How to keep a reader in suspense?
What is the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler?
What did the plant say to the vegan?
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion?
Do you think you will have to wear diapers when you get older?
What kind of vegetable always helps you feel better?
Ever had Ethiopian food?
Why does Trump pay for stuff in exact change?
Did you hear the one about the terrorist at the comedy club?
What does 1+1=?
What's a Mexican's favorite sport?
Why is a river really rich?
What is the difference between your wife and your job?
Why don't Victorian men ever talk about sex with their women?
What is the hottest time of day?
What does a mathematicion find in a forest?
what did the drummer say to the Chinese man that called him gay?
What did the the Knight say to the Comedian after the comedian made him laugh?
What did the person say when someone tried to cut off their toes?
What does a Thesaurus eat for breakfast?
The blue man lives in the blue house, the yellow man lives in the yellow house, the purple man lives in the purple house. Who lives in the White House?
What did the terrorist Redditor say on the plane?
How many ears does Spock have?
What does it mean when a man makes eye contact with a woman while she speaks?
How do you make Holy Water?
hi Why didnt Spock make a record of their voyage?
Why is it hard to watch two elephants boxing?
What do you call a frog in the no parking zone?
How does Voldemort seal his mail?
How does a sea horse run?
What do you call a gay Dinosaur?
How do you get 50 little old ladies to scream FUCK at the same time?
Why did Kanye say he would have voted for Donald Trump?
Did you hear about the clever nun who got tricked?
What do you call a flying Jew?
How's havin' a dick?
How is she pregnant?
Why do Canadians say aboot?
What is the difference between a duck?
What's Hitler's favorite board game?
What is the best place to hide a dead body?
What does an helicopter and pants have in common?
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
What's the fastest bird in the world?
Which of the twelve knights built King Arthur's round table?
Have you ever been caught masterbating in a closet?
Is Google male or female?
What did the gardener say to the rose?
Why does iron man have a vagina?
What makes the Jewish Monopoly game so much harder than the original?
Why do Democrats push for more gun control?
What did one boob say to the other?
Which room in Donalds Trump's house has the thickest walls?
What do you call a vegetarian with bad gas?
What kind of cologne applies itself?
What do maimed people drink at 5PM?
Did you hear that Sean Connery tried out speed-dating but he ended up making all his dates sick?
What is the best food to order from Amazon?
What is a pirate's least favorite letter?
Who here likes Olympic Frisbees?
Did you hear about the crazy train that went on a killing spree?
What Do You Call Bluetooth ?
Why doesn't Ganondorf like going on the internet?
What's the difference between a Marxist-Leninist-Maoist-Third Worldist and a Cthulhu worshipper?
Hey, do you like tapes and CDs?
What's the best part about having sex with a 6 year-old?
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
How do you confuse a blind person?
Who does Matthew McConaughey say is the most dangerous group in America?
What’s the biggest difference between men and women?
What did the skeleton order at the restaurant?
What does Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common?
What did one washed up Power Ranger say to the other?
What do Trump supporters do with their leaves every fall?
What's another term for cancer?
What did the Computer Engineer say?
What came first? The chicken or the egg?
How do you drown a hipster?
What do you call it when a pickle masturbates?
Why did the semen cross the road?
What do you call Bambi's friend dead on the road?
What do transgender cannibals call the blood of Christ?
What did Matthew McConaughey say after he got done voting for Trump?
What did the cow say to the other cow?
What is a Mexican's favorite sport?
Did you know there were rumors that the captain of Belzec extermination camp in WW2 was going to defect to Russia?
Why didn't the sun go to college?
why did both ass-cheeks get fired from work?
What's worse than your doctor telling you that you have gonorrhea?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why do sharks circle their prey?
Why can't americans play LoL?
What's Justin Timberlake's favourite Microsoft Word alignment?
Why are white prisoners scarier than black prisoners?
What is it called when two Vegans get into an argument?
What's the worst thing to say to a friend you see on a plane?
Why won't you find any gondolas in the Eternal City?
Did You Know Lenin Had a Motorcycle?
Why do neutrons shoot through dense material, but get reflected by softer material during Radiography?
You know what sucks?
How well do people with mesothelioma breathe?
What's the difference between a final exam and an orgy?
What do you call four Mexicans working in a restroom?
Did you hear about the linguist who worked shifts as a waiter?
What do you call a slav tree?
Why is the Vagina like the weather?
Why did the chicken run out into traffic?
Flight Attendant: Would you like some headphones?
Why did the emo kid leave the bar?
What even is Atheism?
Why couldn't anyone trust the snowman to do anything?
What kind of shoes does a pedophile wear?
What kind of shoes do thieves wear?
How do you know if a blonde has been using your computer?
Why can't you breathe near a destroyed vehicle?
What is the favourite food of a pedophile?
Why do neurologists think they're God?
Did you hear about the new "Morning After Pill" for men?
What's the best part of living in Alabama?
How many buddhists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
What do you call a grandma that know martial arts?
Why couldn't the physicist get his paper published?
Whats long and hard and has cum in it?
What do you call baby Shih Tzus?
Have you tried Yoda Soda?
What is a cat's favorite car?
Why did the thesaurus have a creeping feeling?
Why does the hobo only drink coffee?
Whats the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
What did Monica say to Hillary before Election Day?
How do you get a baby in and out of a small bowl?
How are girls and jokes alike?
Why couldn't Sean Connery help fight for civil rights?
Did you hear about the new documentary on George Washington Carver?
Want to hear a quality joke about knives?
What's the difference between a horny girl and a hungry girl?
What does an air conditioner have in common with a computer?
What do Hillary and Monica have in common?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
How do you pick up my ex girlfriend?
What do mummies like to listen to on Halloween?
Why can't ants get sick?
Why is picture of Jesus better than Jesus himself?
Is it solipsistic in here?
What did the Hanzo main say to his salty team?
What do you call two mexicans playing basketball against eachother?
What did Darth Vader do when his iTunes stopped responding?
Do you like Chemistry Jokes?
What's Hitler's favorite drink?
What's a Mexican's favorite sport?
How does Trumpler explain taking power despite being rejected by over a million votes?
Why is it better for a black man to be Jewish rather than Christian?
What do cannibals call shin meat?
Did you hear about the woman who got those wooden breast implants?
What runs on walls and kills Jews?
How do you tell when the Chinese move to town?
Hey man, are you not enjoying your trip to Europe? Are you have trouble with the people there?
You know what really grinds my gears?
What's the best part about having sex with a transvestite?
Why don't cannibals eat Irish men?
What's the most difficult percussion instrument to learn?
What do you get if you ask a former presidential candidate to write a piece of music about a formula for solving a problem based on a sequence of specified actions?
Where do mattresses and showers go when they die?
Why does Donald Trump want classical music at his inauguration?
What happened when the Samsung Note 7 was launched?
What did the Psychiatrist say to the man who walked in wearing nothing but plastic wrap?
Why didn't Wilma let Fred in when he was banging at the door?
What does an inexperienced public speaker and a pizza place with high workers have in common?
What's Donald Trump's favorite instrument?
What did Obama say in Trump's ear when he handed over the Oval Office?
What did Caesar say when he went to the whorehouse?
Why did ISIS leader bring a car-door to the desert?
Why did Donald Duck break up with Daisy Duck?
What's the difference between a Swedish jam band and slam dunking a baby?
When a man falls off a boat, you say, "Man overboard!" What do you say when a woman falls off a boat?
Why don't people like gay porn actors?
How does the optimistic doctor greet his patients?
If Hilary and Trump were stuck on a desert island, who would survive?
Why does Michelle Obama wear heels?
What did the broke zombie amusement park say to the wealthy vampire golf course?
Why weren't there any famous gun slingers in the Canadian West?
What do call a gigolo from Idaho?
How many optometrists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call a deep thinking pastry chef?
Why does Hillary Clinton have two Ls in her first name?
What "locker-room" comment did Donald Trump's Communist twin make?
How can you tell you have a really bad case of acne?
Why was #6 afraid of #7?
What kind of beer was Dr. Stephen Strange serving?
What's the difference between a woman and a fridge?
What do you call a group of chickens walking down the road?
What's black and sits at the top of the stairs?
How do you get Jizz off of a Scrabble board?
What's worse than being a 4 foot 1 inch man?
What do you call seagulls during mating season?
What did the cannibal do to the people he didn't like?
What's a terrorist's favorite type of game?
Every time a bell rings, an angel gets its wings. But what happens when a Foghorn blows?
How do you know when you have a good redneck girlfriend?
What do you call the pope after a drive by?
What do you call Liberals rioting and destroying shit?
Survey gone wrong.. or right??
How do you circumcise a hillbilly?
Hey, you know how geese migrate in a V shape?
What do you call it when a Physics Teacher throws a bar of chocolate at you?
How do you make fireman cry?
What do you call a farmer in the army?
What is musician's favourite furniture?
What nationality is not quite one?
What shape is produced when you knock over a 60s actress?
How long does it take for a white women to take a shit?
What do you call a joke that gets posted over and over again on reddit?
Why do birds fly to the tropics in winter?
Religion vs science?
What's a weaboos favorite state?
How many children does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call all the money billionaire Donald spent on the election?
Did you hear about the nun who fell over every day when putting her clothes on?
What was Osama Bin Laden's favorite drink?
What's the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What meme do Uber drivers hate?
What's the difference between my job and my boss's daughter?
What do you call a president who interrupts people?
Did you hear about the two gay truckers?
Why can't clocks keep secrets?
What did Lloyd Banks say to 50 Cent after he got him a sweater for Christmas?
Why didn't the table want to be sat on?
Where does every craps player want to go when they die?
How do you know when a hippy chick is on the rag?
Why did the man go to the doctor after taking his friend to work?
What do maids in Manhattan use to clean their kitchens?
Why is the sea salty?
What do you get when you cross a canyon with a horse?
Have you ever heard the one about the brown nosed duck?
What are the Muppet's views on the paranormal?
What did the Secret Service agent say to the President-elect when someone tried to take a shot at him?
Why was Hillary Clinton running for President?
Why can't orphans play baseball?
What's a Social Justice Warrior's favorite math course?
Who wins in a fight?
Why did the dinosaur cross the road?
Why do baby boomers like fracking so much?
Why was the leper hockey game cancelled?
What was tina turners pet name for Ike?
Why did the Mexican throw his wife over the cliff?
What's a rebel's favorite key on a keyboard?
What's the difference between a tv remote and a newborn?
Dad : Did you hear about the kidnapping at school ?
Did you hear the latest pickup line at the gay bar?
Why did Princess Diana cross the road?
Why does Trump like Pink Floyd?
How was Rome split in half?
How can you tell that the hippie kid got laid?
Have you heard the rope joke?
When is a door not a door?
What does a stripper eat for thanksgiving dinner?
What does a paint brush eat for dinner?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why didn't the Terminator upgrade to Windows 10?
A Student is in Engineering Class, when the Teacher asks What is a Machine?
Why did the salmon cross the road?
Why did the worker on the egg farm get fired from his job?
What did the monitor say when it got punched?
What is the biggest similarity between the average Redditor and a lumberjack?
Canadians think their safe?
Why would feminists make great cops?
What's the cheapest concert you can go to?
What did the plate say to the fork?
Why do cats and dogs lick their own genitals?
Why was Donald Trump friendly to the chinese people?
Did you hear about the gay Russian knight?
What's the Spanish equivalent of the devil's lettuce ?
Know what Trump and Nemo have in common?
What will be served at Trump's inagural dinner?
Wanna hear a joke?
What do you get when a dyslexic tries to make a gif?
Why did Trump choose Pence?
What's the difference between snowman and snow woman?
Why aren't there any homosexual scholars?
How do you educate a prostitute?
What do you call an average Mexican?
Why did Obama take all the pencils and pens when he left?
What did the Miss Teen USA contestant say to Donald Trump?
How do you know your girlfriend is too young?
Have you heard about the new restaurant on the moon?
Why was Doughman the only hero to rise up and help?
How many bites out of the new iPhone did Tim Cook take?
What kind of a person wins US president election?
What do you call all of Trump's failed businesses arranged in a circle?
What's the worse thing to hear during a prostate exam?
Did you hear about the guy who went to jail for stealing hot air?
What did one wall say to the other?
How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why is the vice president always so self-obsessed?
How do you make a hormone?
How are martinis like breasts?
A girl goes to a monster mash, and starts dancing with a werewolf. What does he say?
Why did Obama leave after 8 years?
What's the phone number of Clucking Bell?
What did Hillary say when she bumped into Barack Obama at the White House?
What's Hitler's favorite Pokemon?
Why did the dentist vote for Trump?
What does Pittsburgh have in common with Peter Pan?
What do you call a dad joke in Jamaica?
How does Harry Potter like his sandwiches to be cut ?
Have you ever tried to eat a clock?
Why do Canadians not pay attention to their local wildlife?
What is the difference between a fat comedian and a thin one?
What did the elephant say to the naked man?
Did you hear Vladimir Putin made a travel sized Russia?
Did you hear about that non-cringy Minecraft lets play?
Why do women live longer than men?
What do you call someone who promises change but ends up burning millions of undesirables?
What's the only difference between a prostitute and a bowling ball?
What did Mohammed Atta say to Larry Silverstein after the long flight?
Why Newton laws were not from Asian countries?
What's Brian David Mitchell's favorite movie?
Why is Donald Trump so excited about winning the election?
Why do pro gamers get up at 1:37pm?
What's the difference between an orphanage and a beach ball?
What borders stupidity?
How can you tell you have a really bad case of acne?
What did the threatened abortion say to the doctor?
What movie does Hillary watch when she's in a bad mood?
How do you get over Trump's wall?
What do Hillary and Bill have in common?
can a women make you a millionaire?
What two things look exactly the opposite but mean exactly the same?
How do you organize a space party?
Why did the bus driver drop his coffee?
What's the difference between Barbie and Street Fighter?
Why did the sperm cross the road?
What is it called when a gamer fights someone?
How can you tell when a Canadian is successful?
Why are cows lazy and fat?
Mom: Why don't you talk to John anymore, you used to be best friends?
what do you call a funny Muslim?
What do you get when you cross a chili pepper, a shovel, and a dachshund?
Darth Vader: What is the temperature of my son's lightsaber?
Why did Obama take all the pens when he left the White House?
What do you call a female roach with a weiner?
What do Star Wars and the United Kingdom have in common?
Why was the sick eagle in prison?
How will Donald Trump create 25 millions jobs?
How did the Trump supporter find his sister in the woods?
Did you hear who just took on the biggest gentrification project in America?
How do you stop all the protests and riots?
What kind of couch do gay people buy?
What do you call a promise you can't keep?
What do you call a doctor for websites?
What is Harry potters favorite way to get down a hill?
How do you give a time-out to a Mexican child?
What's worse than finding out that your wife has cancer?
If Donald Trump was in charge of helping endangered animals increase their population, what would his motto be?
How many blood hungry vampires does it take to dress a wound?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Whats the difference between God and Donald Trump?
If Hillary and Donald Trump are on a boat together and it crashes, who survives?
You think your game lag is bad?
What is the difference between sex and the American elections?
If the US elections were a series, what would be the title of it's latest season finale?
What's the difference between a snowman on the toilet and O'Shea Jackson on the toilet?
Why do warriors make bad business men ?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
what tools to math teachers use?
What did Donald Trump say to Obama at the White House?
How many back to the future jokes do you make?
What do you get when you combine an Oompa-Loompa and hair bleach?
What's Trumps favorite fish?
What is a nazi's favourite food?
Why do all anti-Trump protesters wear glasses?
Which DJ rules the country?
Is it a bird? Is it a plane?
What do you call an empty harbour?
Guys, can we please stop making jokes about Donald Trump?
Why don't skeletons go to the Veterans Day parade?
How was the election rigged?
What do you call a Hindu god playing basketball?
What's white on the outside, black on the inside and soon to be orange all over?
What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer?
Where all my mustang drivers at?????
What does the octopus order at the local Mexican restaurant?
What did the redneck say to his ex?
What's your opinion on birds?
The first thing that comes to mind when someone mentions Melania Trump?
Did you hear about the failed mission to Antarctica?
What's a Northern lass say after having an orgasm?
What's a cat's favorite vegetable?
You know why paedophiles don't play Skyrim?
What do you call when a joke becomes serious?
What did the headlines read after the midget fortune-teller escaped from jail?
What do you call a joke that is based on a misunderstanding?
Politics What did Trump do when he heard that he was elected President?
What does Melania Trump say to her speech writer?
If a blue man lives in the blue house, a red man lives in the red house, and a green man lives in the green house, who lives in the white house?
What walks on two legs, but can't move forward?
What would Mario's name be if he was born in Canada?
What are a pirate's least favorite letters?
What to you call someone with no torso who can't smell?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Q: How do you cure a headache?
What joke never gets old?
Q: Why couldn't the pirate play cards?
What borders stupidity?
Why does Trump support Asians?
Why does Michael Phelps make a good boyfriend?
Baby, are you today's date?
Where was the first chicken fried?
Forget Trump, want to hear a rapist joke?
So you southerners got ya a new president eh?
What are sardines?
Why can't Brock Turner go to jail?
What did the guy who was in to beasteality say as he walked in to the ASPCA?
What did the gamer wife told his gamer husband after they got divorced?
What's the difference between a Pakistani wedding party and an Al-Qaeda training camp?
What is bordering stupidity?
What's the opposite of Christopher Walken?
How are America and McDonald's similar?
what did the trash can say to the paper recycling bin?
How did Portland, Oregon protest Trump's wall?
How does a train eat?
What did the girlfriend, say to her boyfriend, when he showed up for sushi?
If a red panda is caught stealing, what do you call it?
What is the name of the event in which Hillary supporters move out of the US?
Why was Wycleff Jean on L&O this week?
What would Hitler call an educational program for young Germans?
Why did the dyslexic fisherman go on a Paleo diet?
How did the U. S. elect an Orange as president?
Did you hear about the teacher who was always cross eyed?
How do conspiracy theorists like their lovers?
Why don't Black people hijack airplanes?
What's the difference between Hillary's staff and Bill's staff?
Why do fish have such bad manners?
How do you stop your water from running?
Why did Trump have to legally change his first name to Donad?
What does Boehner say to his wife when he has a huge boner?
You know that movie 2012?
Why did President Obama get two terms?
What does the result of this election and Netflix have in common?
Where is Wall Street?
What kind of dog doesnt bark?
Why were Democrats in the lead early on?
What do you call somebody who voted for Hillary Clinton?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What's the best way to make friends?
Why are everyone so surprised with the US election?
What do you call a lineup at a Vietnamese restaurant?
Who was the first resident of Massachusetts?
What instrument did the Republican Party play after the US Election?
Why is it worse this time around?
Where do English prime-ministers take their kids on vacation?
Do you know how it sounds when America falls?
Why will Trump never be assassinated?
What's the difference between Trudeau and Trump?
HEY REPUBLICANS!!!! I KNOW WHAT YOU ARE, BUT WHAT AM I?!?!?
Want to hear a joke about the election?
Have you tried Ethiopian food?
what did the sperm bank owner say to the tired worker overfilling the truck with samples?
Did you hear about the unluckiest man in the world?
What's an Allepo?
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees?
Why can't Pepe vote?
Is your refridgerator running?
You know who I'm voting for?
Hey girl are you the news?
What’s the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb?
Why do black people have darker skin than other people?
What did the cremated Buddha who was placed in a cardboard box say?
What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone?
Where do gay skeletons party?
What do a tornado and a divorce in the South have in common?
If Dems win, what will the White House have in common with a certain southern California Spanish mission?
Why was the programmer unhappy at his job?
What's the difference between Terri Schiavo and donald trump?
What do women and the stock market have in common?
What do you call it when the girl you like likes you back?
Why did seven kill six?
Why did Princess Diana cross the road?
What did the cannibal say when he was full?
What's blue and not very heavy?
What's the difference between a whore and a truck?
Can't you just feel the excitement in the air?!!?
Women who are short are called "petite." What are short men called?
Why did the old man get kicked off the nudist colony's golf course?
What's the difference between a procrastinator and a prognosticator?
What's a feminist's favorite school subject?
Why do women talk so much?
Who is going to win tonight's presidential election?
If Trump was in the music industry; what profession would he be?
How do most vegans die?
Why is Stephen Hawking successful?
Did you hear about the Polish Admiral who wanted to be buried at sea when he died?
What is a southern aristocratic families favourite dance move?
What's the best machine at the gym?
Why did 10 go missing?
What's the use of happiness?
Why was the mole afraid of his own shadow?
What's Mario's favorite song?
Everyone ready for the election?
How do Rabbis make money?
How did Donald Trump lose $916 million?
What do nutrition labels and tumblr have in common?
You think you can escape Stalin's prison camps?
What did the Astronomy major say to his girlfriend?
Why don't they have any casinos in South Africa?
Where do Cannibals like to hang out?
How do neurons communicate?
What should you do when freedom calls?
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Do you know why Stevie Wonder can't see his friends?
What shouldn't you make for dinner after your husband comes home from the Trump rally?
What do Romeo and Juliet have in common with melons?
Hey girl, are you a compressed file?
How many bronze players do you need to change a lightbulb?
What's the hardest part of eating a vegetable?
What's Donald Trumps favorite color?
What is Donald Trump's favorite nation?
Why do you think that God hates fags rather than figs?
What divides the humans from the monkeys?
Why was the blond staring at a carton of orange juice?
What is a cat's favorite breakfast?
Why don't Mexicans play cards?
What did one saggy boob say to the other?
What is the difference between a BMW and a cow?
Did you hear the one about the gaping butthole?
Why does KFC only sell christian chicken?
What's Lil Wayne's Favorite Movie?
What is the difference between Michael Jackson and a paper bag?
What do you call a funny Pikachu?
What were 2pac's last words?
Why shouldn't the chicken cross the road?
Why did the chicken walk into the bar?
What would you get if you crossed a vampire with a dwarf?
What is Trump's favourite movie?
How do Buddhist monks send emails?
What do you call a self-absorbed trumpet player?
What did one cell say to his sister cell that stepped on his toe?
Why did the Amish woman divorce her husband?
What do you call a smart chromosome?
What do you call a pony with a sore throat?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
Why was six afraid of seven?
In the case of emergencies, why are women and children evacuated first?
What do you call it when worms take over the world?
What's the only thing pedophiles are good at?
How do you know when a bass player and drummer are at your front door?
Why can't a blonde dial 911?
Why did Jesus drink wine at the last supper?
Wanna know the difference between a man and a matgarita?
What do you call really good crying?
How do we know Paul Walker had dandruff?
What kind of car does a cat drive?
Why was the chicken Russian?
Why did the man marry a monkey?
Hear about the lazy baker who wanted a pay increase?
What's the difference between a monkey flinging poo at the zoo and someone posting political memes on Facebook?
What's the difference between how black men treat their beer and their children?
How do you spot the blind man at a nudist beach?
With winter coming up...What's the difference between a snowman and a snowlady?
Why are friendzone'd guys always sick?
Why did the blind girl fall in the well?
What lies on the bottom of the ocean and sweats?
Is your refrigerator running?
Why do you never see any gay Egyptian Sailors?
What's a dogs favourite day?
How does a ninja say hi?
What do you call a bunch of devilishly handsome gay guys?
Why won't anti vaxers ever win an election?
How does a feminist ask for Halloween candies?
What's the hardest part about making a manicure joke?
Why didn't the approaching black hole concern the astronaut?
What did the constipated mathematician do?
Why did the mathematician call his dog Cauchy?
What is Harry Potters favorite way to get down a hill?
Whats Harry Potters favourite way of getting down a hill?
What's the difference between this joke and your mum?
Did you hear about the peanut in the street?
What do you call 6.63*10^-34 mutinied pirates?
Which 3 words will make a mexican tremble in fear ?
What do you call a sleepwalking nun?
What's a weeb's favorite state?
What does an iPhone 7 and The Titanic have in common?
Ignoring time, what does a weekend have in common with a year?
Why can't we have a female President?
Why don't violists get stressed?
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet?
What's the difference between testicles and a penis?
What's Harry Potter's favourite way of getting down a hill?
Why do people never see an Apple store getting robbed?
What's the difference between a bench and a black guy?
How many tickles does an octopus like?
how does a bakery know when to make more bread?
What's the instinctual response to a bad gym selfie?
What Is a Chinese persons favorite holiday?
What did the band director say to the misbehaving kid?
What do you call a black woman that gets an abortion?
How do men in New Zealand address their women?
What type of battery does The Fonz use?
What do you call a hillbilly giraffe that lives in a trailer and drinks beer all day?
Whats the difference between a truck full of bowling balls and a truck full of dead babies?
What's the difference between origami and a grandpa passing wind?
Ever heard the joke about the airplane?
What does a self-conscious vampire say?
How did Burger King get Dairy Queen pregnant?
What's an Atheist's favorite joke book?
Why is proctology called proctology?
What kind of tree is a must?
What did pirate say when he turned 80?
How long does it typically take for a woman to orgasm?
What happens when a cow jumps over barbed wire?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
What do you call two pears?
What’s the best part about sex with 28-year-olds?
Want to hear the funniest joke in the world?
How many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs?
What did the poor composer say to his friend?
What do you call a black man on the moon?
How Do Jewish Baleen Wales Eat?
What do you call a Finn, who gets something done?
What did one monochromator say to another?
Why is Friday the best day of the week?
Did to hear about the guy who pretended to wash his hair with excrement?
What is a statistician's favorite social media site?
Q: What's the only animal with an asshole in the middle of its back?
What does a mosquito and a woman have in common?
Did you hear about the mathematician who got his calculator stuck up his bum?
What's big, yellow, and can't swim?
What do you call a joke with no punchline?
What do Hillary Clinton supporters and Eminem have in common?
What’s the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit?
What the difference between a nun in a bathtub & a nurse in the bathtub?
Why is Helen Keller's leg yellow?
What do you call a lesbian Eskimo?
What is the chupacabra's breakfast of choice?
Why was the tomato blushing?
What do you call the baby if the parents were Hillary and Trump?
How can you tell a woman is having a bad day?
Cash or credit?
What did the square of cloth identify as on tumblr?
Whats the difference between a Jew and Harry Potter?
Mary's mother has five daughters. The older four are named Cant, Cent, Cint, and Cont. What is the last daugther's name?
What's red and bad for your teeth?
What do you call a kinky australian romance novel?
Why are Asian women in the US so excited about next Tuesday?
Why did Donald Trump cross the road?
Hey girl are you the great American West?
What does a depressed girl do when she needs to get a lot of work done?
What is the difference between me and being artistic?
Did you know that milk is the fastest liquid on earth?
How does Hillary's email server feel?
Why did the Mexican jump the border?
How many babies does it take to paint a house?
What's the difference between Adolf Hitler and Kurt Cobain?
What's it called when two retarded lesbians have sex?
What do you call a basement full of SJW's?
Why haven't I ever met a full blooded Jew?
What does the Saudi executioner say every time he takes a head?
What do you call a person who you had a one night stand with on Mars?
Which Star Wars character was arrested for drunk driving?
How many Trump supporters does t take to change a light bulb?
Why don't mathematicians have degrees?
What's the worst part about being a black Jew?
What gets beaten ten times a day?
Why do we feel the need to order beers in round?
If you throw a red stone into the blue sea what will it become?
Why don't black people go on cruise ships?
Does anyone see this?
Why do doctors hate Wolves?
Why are you walking like that?
What's the best part about sex with a pregnant woman?
What do you call a blind german?
Did you hear the creator of spaghetti died?
What's a social media for married people?
Hey girl are you a school?
What do you call an oil stain that lasted for 1000 years?
What did the house turn into on the night of the full moon?
How do people with a PHD get a free day off of work?
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax?
What's Hitlers favorite number?
What is the worst thing about being an egg?
What do Australians say when they go to bed?
How many Anti-Vaxxers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How do you write poop in Australia?
Why were the early days of history called the Dark Ages?
Why is Apple donating money to cancer research?
It's my cake day. You wanna hear a funny joke?
What's the difference between in-laws and outlaws?
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
What do you call a brilliant musician who also happens to have Down Syndrome?
How does a road reply when you ask it how work is going?
What do you call an ape that's both extremely frugal and fearful?
What do Luke Bryant and a Nordic breast plate have on common?
What is the difference between St. Patrick and Christopher Columbus?
What's the difference between the Cleveland Indians and Shae from Game of Thrones?
What do you call an astronaut with only one hand?
What's the difference between a lawyer and a jellyfish?
What did the road say to the chicken?
What's the difference between a woman and a gun?
Why doesn't a chicken wear pants?
What did the jewish man say to the doctor after having his son circumsised?
What branch of the military are horses in?
How to you piss off a writer?
What did the salad say during sex?
Why is peanut butter lighter than peanut?
Did you miss me?
What did they call Jesus after He died on the cross?
What do you call a flying Jew?
Whats the age of consent in Thailand?
Why don’t Calculus majors throw house parties?
Why are Reddit jokes so overused?
What words does Donald Trump find irresistibly sexy?
What do you call a Vicar on a motorbike?
What city has the biggest amount of mistakes per capita?
How do you call a criminal who never gets arrested?
Did ya hear about the cannibal lion with a huge ego?
What did Kermit the Frog say at Jim Henson's funeral?
What do you say to your sister when she's crying?
What do you call a phone with no parents?
Know who have the longest running championship drought in baseball?
Wahoo blew a 3-1 lead?
What Happens when the Cubs win the World Series?
Did you hear the man who got his left arm and left leg cutoff?
What sound does a bouncing plane make?
With your current salary what Apple product can you buy?
What does Hillary Clinton's inbox look like?
Why can't a bike stand on its own?
How do you call a prison inmate?
Why do SJW's hate Programmers?
What did the mittens say on their wedding day?
If went camping with a friend and woke up with a condom stuck in your ass would you tell anyone?
What is a Catholic's favorite weapon?
I wonder where all the old Bernie Sanders merch is going?
How many dead babies does it take to fill a basement?
Why Couldn't the Ancient Egyptians Build a Plane?
Why did the socialist drop out of high school math?
Bad weather?
What do you say when your ex has broken up with you?
What do army ants have in common with masturbating dolphins?
What's winning attitude?
How does one French arsonist flirt with another one?
Why do Welshmen like to embarrass their wives?
Why do they call them the minute men?
What does a know-it-all always have in their kitchen?
What is the difference between an animal doctor and a retired Nazi?
What gets easier to pick up the heavier it gets?
What's a dull joke?
Man: Your place or mine?
What do you do when you see a floating T.V. in the middle of the night?
If you were a dinosaur what would you be?
Did you hear about the mod that got pissed off?
Whats the first word a swede says after its born?
Who's great at math, but always tells lies?
What did the shoemaker say about actor Christopher's custom-made footwear?
What's the difference between feminists and hockey players?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
What's the funniest fish in the world?
Why did the girl cry on the swing?
What do you call a police officer that doesn't get out of bed?
What do you call a chicken looking at lettuce?
Why was the broom late?
If the quiz made you a little quizzical, what is the test going to make you?
What’s the difference between Greggs and your girlfriend?
What is the difference between racism and asians?
Why do so many Jews enjoy smoking?
Did you hear about the Jew and the Scotsman who spent the night together?
What's the difference between my broken watch and a lesbian?
How are black people and a CPU similar?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
What's the difference between Amy Winehouse and Captain Morgan?
Why does Donald Trump love 6:43PM?
What do you say when somebody else has ruined your joke?
What's the difference between erotic and kinky ?
What's the cheapest meat available?
Are you a hydroelectric source of power?
How many people does it take to change a lightbulb in a monastery?
What do you call a bear with no teeth?
Love and Marriage?
How do you know when an introvert is interested in you?
What are a terrestrial planet's favorite genres of music?
What do you get when you cross a computer with a lifeguard?
What does wearing Crocs and getting your dick sucked by a dude I have in common?
What is the one thing you don't want to hear during sex?
What did Mars say to Saturn?
What is a werewolf's favorite salad leaf?
Did you notice Redditors saying "Ayy lmao" all the Time?
What does Jesus say when someone cuts his call?
What's Donald Trump's least favorite Star Wars movie?
How does Negan hit a home run?
What happened to the adhesive suicide bomber?
How fast can the lesbian get here?
Which Marvel superhero is transgender?
What does Bill Clinton's presidency and Hillary Clinton's future presidency have in common?
Where do Muslim people go when they die?
Why are the ladies thirsty so thirsty for my love?
How do we know that the toothbrush was invented in Mississippi?
What's a Mad Cow's favorite rap song?
If your Uncle was an animal, what one would he be?
What do cows do on Sundays?
Clean: How do you catch a polar bear?
How are a grenade and a girlfriend similar?
How do you check the intonation of a guitar underwater?
What do you call a frozen raindrop in Nazi Germany?
Why is the ocean salty?
Why are there no cats on Mars?
Have you guys heard of the joke about the electric chair?
Last rites?
Interviewer: What's your strength?
Why did the ghost go into rehab?
What do you call two stoners sharing a joint over dessert?
What do you say after stubbing your toe?
Q: How would you describe a transistor to a caveman?
Son: Mom, how was I born?
How many nymphomaniacs does it take to screw in a light-bulb?
What do you call a kid with two gay black dads?
What's a hutu's least favorite candy?
What do you call a 2D fairy?
What do you call a girl who friend zones you?
What do you call a piece of fruit that can fly?
What does Pong and WW1 have in common?
What's the difference between a baby and an unwanted baby?
Who are the fastest readers in the world?
Why was the note denied alcohol?
What was the first joke ever written?
What kind of street to ghosts, goblins and ghouls live on?
Why does nobody in Japan use Siri?
Why did the ghost stink?
What did the ghost give his girlfriend on Halloween?
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school?
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a bag of cheetos?
What did the masterbating Australian mortician do?
Why is 2 dimensional soda not popular?
What's Stephen Hawking's favorite pet?
Why did the German girl count to three, then cry?
[Dark] What is a Muslims favourite phone?
Where does the king keep his armies?
Do you know about the kids who went as hipsters for halloween?
Husband : Why are there broken condoms on our couch???
What is Anthony Weiner's favorite type of mail?
How many introverts does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What did the surfer say when he visited Syria?
Why did the blind lady fall into the well?
Why did the Baker have brown hands?
what do you call a student's life who is bad at math and has a stutter?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a potato?
Is your refrigerator running?
Why don't black people ever go on cruises?
How many guns do the US need to combat an enemy?
Did you hear about the lawyer who tried to sue a shark for biting all his limbs off?
What sex position creates the ugliest children?
What type of government would a nation ran by Alvin and the Chipmunks be called?
Do I have a joke about periodic table of elements?
Why is a panda a lot like Charles Barkley at basketball practice?
What's a neckbeard's favourite disease?
What do a penis and a Rubik’s Cubes have in common?
What did the time traveler say at the birthday party?
Hillary and Trump are in a plane crash. Who survives?
What would Donald Trump say if he was Mexican?
Why was the guitar teacher arrested?
What is the similarity between a black man and a bike?
What do you get when mix the last of the solute with the last of the solvent?
What do you call an erection during a funeral?
What do feminists do in Halloween?
What do you call four Mexicans in quick sand?
What do you call a Mexican wrestler that only fights during his 12:00 break?
What did the detective particle say to the suspect particle?
How do you know if an introvert likes you?
What do you call a falling llama?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
What's the different between a knife and a feminist?
What do you call it when two people make a baby in fog?
What do fat girls and bricks have in common?
Why were Huma Abedin's darkest fears about seduction by Bill Clinton unfounded?
What did the Buddhist Monk say to the Hot Dog Vendor?
What do you call a guy who wants to join the mile high club by himself?
Is it someone's actual job to collect cow poop for fertilization?
Why do people even listen to female comedians?
How can you tell if someone is a chemistry major?
How do you call a dog that likes to be on the Internet?
How do you buy a Jewish Person?
What did one Snowman say to the other Snowman?
Which element is most likely to surrender an electron?
Why do French tanks have rearview mirrors?
What does a South Korean call their lover?
Is your refrigerator running?
What's brown and sticky?
What's the difference between Frenchmen and some toast?
What did the pirate say when he turned 80?
How do you stop the government from making a pipeline across your land?
What did the gold say when it saw the puppy?
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman?
What sort of people are good at Auto Fellatio?
What did the jalapeno dress up as for Halloween?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Why was the Bhut Jolokia picked to be the captain of the cheer squad?
What did the pumpkin say after waking up his family?
What's big, green, fuzzy, and will kill you if it falls on you?
Why did the vegan avoid the confrontation?
What's is the outcome of a soccer game between Ethiopia and Jamaica?
What do you call a country that Hillary Clinton has been in charge of?
Where does the Persian air force keep its aircraft?
How many babysitters does it take to change a light bulb?
What did Hillary Clinton say when she got to the restaurant?
What did Mozart yell when he became a crusader?
Why do so many Trumpies end up playing Minecraft?
What do Maroon 5 and Jack Reacher have in common?
What does a Trumpie call a woman with a PhD and a Nobel Prize?
What do Japanese people do when they have erections?
How are Trumpies like Walmart?
How Long is a Chinese man?
What do you call a hot guy , who instantly becomes super hot?
Whats the difference between american women and middle eastern women?
Why'd the Mexican guy have to take xanax?
Why do people hate cliffhangers?
What do you get when you foot falls asleep?
What do you need to drink out of a fruit?
Girl are you Cytosine?
What's the best part of publicly masturbating at the old folks home?
What do you call a gynecologist who really loves his job?
What is John Lennon's favourite donut?
Why did George cross the road?
how does a bakery know when to make more bread?
What do you call an injured martial artist?
How did Rihanna find out Chris Brown was cheating on her?
Why was the chef afraid of cooking steaks on a plane?
Why do Italian men grow moustaches?
Who should have played Bilbo?
What did the perverted ghost say?
What would you call Mike Mauser if he was a cat?
What's the worst thing about being a black Jew?
Did you hear about the assassin who was given forty years to complete his assignment?
Why do computer programmers confuse Halloween with Christmas?
How does a Trumpie become a smooth talker?
Why was the Trump voter arrested for shoplifting?
When's the best time to procrastinate?
How many bones are there in a graveyard?
What do you call a pizza chef on an airplane?
Why did the cannibal go to KFC?
Why does Helen Keller masturbate with one hand?
What is an engineer's favorite Halloween candy?
What would a cross-dressing psychologist wear?
My father was a seal, my mother was a yak. What does that make me?
How much did the cannibal pay for his new sports car?
What did the boy call his step-dad during an argument?
What has two wings and a halo?
How many kidnapped children does it take to change a lightbulb?
How do you make a tissue dance?
How many ants can you fit inside an apartment ?
What does a mediating blond girl sound like?
Why do babies make bad mechanics?
Who are the fastest readers in the world?
What do you call four Mexicans drowning?
What does "IDK" mean?
What does a college kid do when confronted by an evil spirit?
What is Apple users favorite movie?
What does Lenin say when he his angry?
Did you hear about the kid who got his legs blown off?
Did you know Hitler was blinded in WW1?
What's Trump's favorite place to shop?
A Greek, a Spaniard and a Portuguese all walk into a bar. Who pays?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
What's a baby seals favourite drink?
What do builders and Reddit both hate?
Why is the Kentucky Derby run in a circle?
You know why Santa Claus doesn't have any children?
What do you call a hippie's wife?
Did you hear about the CEO with no ears?
Why did the plastic surgeon create a surgery to move your ears forward?
How do you titillate an ocelot?
What do you call a disorganized florist?
What's the difference between a republican and a democrat?
What does a time traveler do when he's hungry?
What do you call a group of rabbits walking backwards?
What would you call a rock digger's mistake?
So everyone knows why 6 is afraid of 7. But by was 5 Afraid if 7?
Who's the top selling author in Russia?
Is this the Reddit where I submit my jokes?
What's a gynecologist's favorite bird?
Why did the blind woman fall into the well?
Which way did the programmer go?
What do you call a fake noodle?
Why didn't Spock do a mind meld with Frodo?
What do you call your Mexican friend living in Oklahoma?
Why do humans mainly use the decimal number system?
Did you hear about the french man who got raped by a group of mimes?
Did you hear about the emo who appealed for admission into Harvard?
How can you tell an ant's gender?
Did you hear about the kid who used to google things about the past?
What is the most essential part of any joke?
Did you hear about the racist Mexican?
What does Dave Grohl say when he thinks there's a stalker in his house?
What do you call a guy with no head?
How do you spell badly?
Ever tried Ethiopian food?
If Abraham Lincoln were alive today, what would he be famous for?
Where did the coffee bean find his soul mate?
Why didn't the melons get married?
Where did the Irish poo come in the race?
Is your ass okay?
How does Moses makes his coffee?
Wanna hear a joke?
Why did 10 die?
What's common between Canadians and Belgians?
What kind of jokes does a zombie make?
Why the tourists feel so happy driving by Taj Mahal?
Why do cool guys never look at explosions?
What did Shakespeare spread on his toast?
Why did the console peasant cross the road?
Why couldn't Ron Weasley make a Horcrux?
Why did the people's phones stop working on the plane's that crashed into the twin towers?
Wanna find out how I made my dick 12 inches?
Did you hear about the mummy that reached the top 10 with his new album?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
What's the smartest cookie?
What do you get when 42 goes into 45?
what do you call a hooker with a runny nose?
What do you get when you have the ghost of a French Viking?
What's the real reason why SJWs hate guns?
What do you call a group of spoiled children?
What do you call a misplaced table?
What do you call a bad riddle?
Why did my local sandwich shop lose all of its workers??
What does a mushroom on a Harley sound like?
Why do chemists go to the gym so much?
What do you call an Israeli that's into Japanese culture?
You know what Nixon did wrong?
What is brown and sticky?
Where do shemales live?
I've got a golden shower head I'm trying to get rid of. Any takers?
What do you call a man with no religion?
How many ameobas does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What happens when you run away from tomatos?
What does a pirate have in common with the alphabet?
Why do Mimes have no benefits?
What are seals made out of?
What do Japanese Kids, Chinese Democracy and German Humor have in common?
Where do fishes keep their money?
Why are Aspirins and Paracetamol white?
What's The Difference Between Donald Trump and a Bucket of Shit?
What do you call a cat on fire?
Why do intersecting lines hate each other?
How do Japanese chihuahuas say hello?
Why doesn't Ed have a girlfriend?
What do you call it when you shoot 49 hot loads in people at a gay bar?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
What do you call the study of Japanese sound?
What country are the majority of dress pants made?
How do people with injured hands commute to work?
How did alien defeat predator?
How do computers measure pain?
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors?
What's the difference between a magic show and a brothel?
What's the difference between a peeping tom and a pickpocket?
Why can’t Kim Kardashian find her asshole?
So a Korean man, a Syrian man, and a Mexican man are all in a truck. Who's driving?
What’s baked every day and sells itself?
What kind of yogurt does a skeleton eat?
What's the difference between a Canadian and an American?
What is faster hot or cold?
What the difference between Trump and a pickpocket?
What is the difference between a baby and a feminist?
Did you hear about the houses that fell in love?
How many redditors does it take to write a punchline for a Holocaust joke?
What's brown and sounds like a bell?
What did the leper give to the whore?
Why are libraries so strict?
Why is it okay for an ice company to commit fraud?
What is a snowman's favorite kind of carpet?
What's the difference between Isaac Newton and the dead baby in my microwave?
Wife: Where the hell have you been? It's 3 o'clock in the morning?
Why can't the ghost get his girlfriend pregnant?
How many donuts could fit on the erect male penis?
What does a vegetarian zombie eat?
I challenge you to a battle of wits at high noon! Do you accept?
What's brown and sticky?
Whats's Glenn's favourite restaurant?
Have you heard the one about the three holes in the ground?
What does a networking robot say when returning from the bathroom?
What happens when you try to pull out a tooth using the "string and doorknob trick" or a pair of pliers?
Dracula & Frankenstein are in the heavyweight championship. Who wins?
What did the doctor say to the parents of an ugly baby?
What do Donald Trump and Bill Cosby have in common?
What do feet and fairytales have in common?
Why did Donald Trump watch the olympics?
What did the child rapist have for breakfast?
Why do they call it PMS?
What did the hurricane say to the coconut tree?
Why wasn't Hillary Clinton prosecuted?
What's the difference between a white guy and a pizza?
How do you starve a black man?
How do chinese people laugh over the internet?
What do you call a cross between an elephant and a rhinoceros?
What do you call a hot pepper with nothing inside it?
Why is it so hard to break up with a Japanese Woman?
Why can't orphans play baseball?
Is your refrigerator running?
Why did the bodybuilder stop in the middle of the road?
Which Donald Trump quote is both racist and misogynistic at the same time?
Why nuns don't wear bras?
How do you keep a redditor in suspense?
How many SJW's does it take to change a 90w lightbulb?
What are the odds I could find the sum of numbers from 1-100?
What does Hillary and a rape victim have in common?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
What do we want? Time travel! When do we want it?
What did the old fly say to the young fly?
What did Glenn say to Maggie at the baseball game?
What does someone from Alabama say after a one night stand?
What did the Israelite say to the american when offering him a drink?
Why did the man driving the broken car end up in his mothers basement?
What's the difference between pink and purple?
What does a blonde and a shotgun have in common?
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house?
How do you feel when your phone suddenly starts blaring your least favorite tune?
Where was the toothbrush invented?
What do you get when you drop a piano on a toddler?
What's the difference between a stoner and a Muslim?
How do mathematicians count x-men?
How many divorced men does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What does Pontiac stand for?
Did you know Rick Grimes is an environmental activist?
I would pay double my Netflix subscription if Stranger Things Season 2 brought back Barb from a parallel universe who then confesses her love for Nancy. You?
When is a pentagon not a pentagon?
Why was Kim Kardashian arrested at the airport?
What do you call a pregnant stewardess?
Guess how I spell distraction?
How do you stop a hippie from drowning?
what does one rock use to propose to another rock?
What did the ghost say to the bumblebee?
How do you make a Holocaust joke funny?
What is Harry Potters favourite way to get down a hill?
What's the difference between your wife and your job?
How do bovines do math?
What do you call a 6 year old with no friends?
What letter never satisfies it's wife?
What is the opposite of irony?
What's the difference between pink and purple?
Why did I carve a heart with me and my boyfriends initials into a tree?
How are baby androids born?
Did you hear about the weekly poker game with Vasco da Gama, Christopher Columbus, Leif Erikson, and Francisco Pizarro?
Did you hear about the infant drag races?
Did you hear about the fire at the circus?
What do you call a monk that likes vaporwave?
Why does Dr Pepper come in bottles?
How can you tell a clock is hungry?
Why don't winemakers support feminism?
What's the difference between an Ethiopian elevator sign and an British elevator sign?
What's he difference between a hormone and an enzyme?
How does a Ethiopian show that they are rich?
What's a lawyer's favourite pastry?
what do you call kayne west at a mexican barbecue?
How does Moses make his coffee?
What's the road construction worker's equivalent of a plumbers crack?
Did you know that diarrhea is hereditary?
What basic skill do herb farmers always struggle with?
Why is Donald Trump opposed to bags of shredded cheese?
What's the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels?
Will I have an open casket at my funeral?
Why Did Superman Save a Burning Chemistry Lab?
How does Chuck Norris go fishing?
How do you estimate your kids lifespan?
Is your refrigerator running?
What's the worst part about breaking up with a Japanese girl?
Where do weeaboos holiday?
What kind of yoga do you do in a casket?
What do you call an Aboriginal in a lamp?
Why is it so difficult to call Chinese people?
Why can't you fool an aborted baby?
What's the best thing about being a meth head?
Why doesn't Melania Trump want her husband to become President?
What's the difference between a well dressed bicyclist and a poorly dressed unicyclist?
In hell, Why is Hitler buried up to his eyeballs in shit, but Stalin is only buried to his nose?
Why did Greenpeace throw Wolf Blitzer in the ocean?
What is a firewalker's favorite snack?
Why are locksmiths in Japan cooler than the rest of the world's locksmiths?
Did you hear there was a sequel to The Boy in the Striped Pajamas where he visits Charlie in his chocolate factory?
What do you call a Cow on the moon?
Why doesn't the KKK like Halloween?
What's the difference between a spitter and a swallower?
What do Grammar Nazis support?
Why do elephants wear green shoes?
What do you call half a kitten?
What spell does harry Potter use on halloween?
What do Donald Trump and the milk in my fridge have in common?
Why are Skeleton's so calm?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Why can't orphans play baseball?
Why did the snowman get fired from his job?
What did the wicked chicken lay?
What family history website do rednecks use?
What do you call weed grown in a ceramic container?
Why did John get divorced?
What's the worst part about breaking up with a Japanese girl?
What did the police man say when he arrested the remote control that beat up his wife?
Why is there no such thing as a great golfer?
What does a Jewish pedophile says?
If the person who goes to taco bell gets a burrito, and the person who goes to burger king gets a whopperito, what does the person who goes to McDonalds get?
What happened when Cinderella got to the ball ?
Why did the medieval Indian go to the doctor?
Why can't fashion designers play uno?
Why did the relationship between two parallel lines never worked out?
Why is the Prime Minister not seen in the morning?
What does your breath smell like after a funeral?
What do you get a mathematician for his stag night?
Did you hear the one about the pizza?
What do you call a feminist from LA?
How does a mathematician get rid of constipation?
Why do chemists enjoy working with ammonia?
What happens when Donald gets a boner?
Why can’t you trust an atom?
Did you hear about the shipment of Viagra that was stolen?
One day I got this huge erection. I started running and hit a wall. You know what broke?
What do you call it when Bill Clinton gets an erection?
Why is there cotton in pill bottles?
What's the difference between Rush Limbaugh and the Hindenburg?
What do you call a midget psychic running from the cops?
What do you call a gorilla that's a member of a terrorist organization?
How does a Japanese person distinguish between a German and an extraterrestrial?
Why are blacksmiths seen as very nosy?
Why was the cancer doctor so tired?
Did you know the government puts ground beef in the chem trails?
When an Amish buggy breaks down on the side of the road, who do they call?
What's the main thing a woman needs to think about when considering a potential boyfriend?
What did the stamp say to the envelope?
What's every driver's favorite super hero?
What is a vampires favourite food?
What did the homeless man get for christmas?
Why was six afraid of seven?
You know what really hurts me inside?
Why do american bears have forelimbs?
Why did the Scarecrow get a raise?
What do you call a scholarly cop?
Isn't it so wierd when you're thinking about someone and then they suddenly appear?
Who is the best underwater Transformer?
Why couldn't the skeleton go to the prom?
What do Elton John and the Berlin wall have in common?
What is the difference between Jam and Jelly?
What do humans and sharks have in common?
Why was the daybreak sad?
What's green and red and goes 100 mph?
Did you hear Snow White got thrown out of Disney Land?
What should you do if you come across a tiger in the jungle?
What is the difference between an onion and a hooker?
What are a pirate's least favorite letters?
How did the cow feel when it couldn't produce milk?
Where do detectives go to have a drink?
Did you hear about the man who lost his left arm and his left leg?
Why was C afraid ?
What's the name of that German Video game with the polite gorilla?
What kind of gum do bees chew?
What's the difference between a pothead and a gay Muslim?
How many Hillary Clinton supporters does it take to screw in a light-bulb?
What's the leading cause of death among wizards?
Why did the scarecrow get an award?
Did you hear about the bulimic bachelor party?
How do you blind a Chinese man?
Why can it be so annoying to drive a Skoda?
Why does my wife like to fuck when she's on the rag?
What weapon does a thin pirate use?
Why do girls go to the bathroom in groups?
What do you call the mafia of aggressive pepper salesmen?
Did you hear about those campers who were rattled by some storms?
Why are men smarter than women?
Why don’t Trump supporters call 911 in an emergency?
Why did the Fonz give up on Love?
What does Trump's hair and a thong have in common?
What do a tuna, a piano, and a sheet of adhesive paper have in common?
Have you seen that new documentary about constipation?
What goes clop clop clop - BANG! BANG! BANG! - clop clop clop?
Did you know diarrhea is hereditary?
Did you hear about the Italian chef who died?
What did the Computer Processor say when it was overclocked?
What's Jesus' favorite car?
What do I know about dwarves?
How does the alchemist please his wife?
Boy or Girl?
What do you say to an Italian who is urinating on the sidewalk?
What do you call it when a chicken sees a salad?
How can you tell when a blonde is having a bad day?
What does it feel like getting fucked up the ass at one million thrusts per second?
If there is earth on planet Earth, why aren't there Jews on Jupiter?
Why did Sally fall off the swing?
Why was Hillary Clinton so happy on the Battlefield1 release day?
What's the difference between a jeweler and a jailer?
What do inbreds do on Halloween?
What did the unimpressed wind turbine say?
Why don't black people dream?
Have you guys tried Wookie meat?
Which horse runs the city?
What do you call an Irish R n B singer who's always happy to do something for you?
What do Japanese guys do when they have erections?
What kind of plants grow in bathrooms?
Why couldn't the Buddha hoover under the sofa?
What's it called when the queen farts?
What' is a pirate's least favourite letter?
Hey, remember that time Trump was almost president?
Why didn't the homophobe decorate his house for Halloween?
Who's the most flexible man in the Bible?
You guys wanna hear a black joke?
What does a person with no arms and a guy dating a vegetarian have in common?
Do you know what happened to my tooth in the dentist's office?
Why do vegans don't like to kiss??
What does a pimp and a redneck have on common?
How do crabs leave the hospital?
What do you call Trump supporters?
How do the Muslims like their eggs cooked?
What did the erotic novel author get from his editor?
How do tacos fair in a war?
What do you call a really fast lamb?
Rabinowitz: Whatcha reading?
How do you call a dog with no legs?
Why were mexicans celebrating at a stop sign?
Who was the greatest female author in German history?
Why are smaller breasts better for breastfeeding?
Why did the flower fall over?
How did the pepper end up getting killed?
What's the worst part about being a prostitute?
What do you do when you see a spaceman?
What's the difference between a mosquito and a nympho?
What do you call it when you have sex at the beach?
What do you call it when you play tug-of-war with a pig?
What's the difference between a cat and a comma?
What is the difference between a normal and an irradiated cat?
What type of equipment do you operate for abortions?
What's the temperature inside a TaunTaun?
What flavor gum does a scientist prefer?
Have you ever had sex while camping?
Why isn't Hitler allowed on the grill?
What color were Kurt Cobaine's eyes?
Why did the Yogis declare that Donald Trump had become an Ascended Master?
What would you call Hispanics if everyone in the world were completely equal?
What makes no sense?
How are Lindsay Lohan and the Note 7 alike?
What did the black kid get for Christmas?
What do you call a Jewish Pokémon trainer?
How does Stephen Hawking refresh after a long day?
What’s the difference between a G-spot and a golf ball?
Why can't you ever build a great relationship with an archer?
What do you call a sleep walking nun?
What do you call a bouncer at a gay bar?
How did German men pick up Jewish women in the 1940s?
Why did the chicken get a Ouija Board?
What do you call a radio host with a broken leg?
What happened to the minter who went crazy?
Did you see the news story about the psychic midget that escaped from jail?
Why did Russia lose the race?
If rabbits could farm what would they grow?
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun?
How do you make a dog drink?
what's black, white, orange and terrifying?
What does Bo Jackson smell with?
What's the difference between garbage and a girl from New Jersey?
What makes an ISIS joke funny?
What happens to people who don't pay their income taxes?
What does a lawyer wear to work?
What is the best thing about having sex with twenty nine years olds?
What do you call a physicist who makes lets play videos?
How much water does a frog need to breed?
who said that girls don't have a good sense of direction?
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor?
What's red, 6 inches long and makes my gf cry when i feed it to her?
What did one hash brownie say to the other?
Has anyone ever been to Egypt?
Do you know about the Chinese author who wrote a million page book?
Why did the moron throw the clock out the window?
I have thirty foxes and twenty eight chickens. How many didn't?
How do you call a Mexican who lost his car?
What is cooler than steam punk?
What is the definition of a polar bear?
What's a good place for legal hooker auctions?
What do you call a group of birds that stick together?
what martial arts did Jesus practice?
Why did the sperm cross the road?
What does a reposted joke and your mama's tits have in common?
Were you on Baywatch?
Want to hear a construction joke?
What room is it?
What is faster than a black person with your TV ?
What's the difference between snowmen and snow women?
What did the Moth say to the other Moth?
What is a pirate's least favorite letter?
Did you hear about the Italian chef that died?
What do you call a reptile biting its own tail?
Why doesn't the ant ever get sick?
Whats a Feminist's favorite math subject?
Whenever I'm in trouble, I think: what would Jesus do?
You know what ruins a rape?
Did you hear about the the horse that got shot?
Why can't Donald Trump be a Lannister?
Why do elephants paint their toe nails red?
What do you call it when a British Redditor posts a Showerthought about wiping til the tissue turns red?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How does Winnie the Pooh open his honey pot?
Whats the difference between 8 and negative four?
Why is Monica Lewinsky voting Trump?
What's the difference between refrigerator and a child?
Why were the Soviets able to beat the Western Allies to Berlin?
Knock Knock, Who's There?
What is Beethoven's favorite fruit?
What is a drummer's favorite variable when making a Least Squares Regression Line (LSRL)?
What are the two problems Donald Trump is currently being treated for ?
What does heroin make you feel like?
What has nine arms and sucks?
What did the man say to his bossy penis?
What do you call a female peacock?
What do you call a black woman that gets an abortion?
What did the fish say when it hit the wall?
Who lives in orange synagogue?
Where do Zombies have their meatings?
When does a guy turn into a gay?
What are the 3 stages of sex after marriage?
What's a slutty witch's favorite holiday?
What do you call an Ox with a gluten allergy?
Wanna hear a joke?
What is the biggest advantage of living in Switzerland?
Where do you hide after killing a black person?
Did you hear about the gay midget?
What do you call a dog that can drive a stick?
What did the large furry mammal say when the salamander who kept asking for favors went too far?
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo?
How do you disappoint a redditor?
What do you call a repair shop that specializes in hearses?
Whats the best thing to do at halloween?
What do I put in mecoffee?
What do the Mafia and pussies have in common?
What's the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels?
Why was Pavlov's hair so soft?
What would Paul McCartney say after losing both his legs?
How can you tell if a clock is hungry?
What happened at the funeral of the man who invented the USB?
Who in the organisation likes cats the most?
What would a woodchuck do if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl band in the concert?
Isn't it so wierd when you're thinking about someone and then they suddenly appear?
Why can't astronauts eat popsicles?
Why didn't Ken ever get Barbie pregnant?
What did the dolphin say to the overly amorous orca?
What does Bill say to Hillary after sex?
What is Bill and Ted's favorite book of the bible?
What is up with these reposts?
How does a backwards poet write?
What do you call a homosexual autistic?
Which cop writes poems about ravens?
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 13 million illegal aliens?
What's the difference between the Pro Bowl and a typical church?
Why did the condom fly across the room?
What is Hillary's newest election slogan?
What has four wheels and flies?
Why is Anderson Cooper's show called 360 degrees?
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun?
What's worse than losing one arm?
What do you call a group of soccer announcers?
What is the best time to go to the dentist?
where does bin Laden keep his cd's?
What's the difference between tired and exhausted?
Why did Hitler need glasses?
Jesus christ, guys! Can we stop arguing about politics for ONE second and change subject to something more lighthearted?
What do you call a terrorist on vacation?
Why do squirrels swim on their back?
Two guys are on a boat with three cigarettes but nothing to light it with. What do they do?
What did the funeral director do with Alan Turing's dead body?
What's the definition of eternity?
What did Ralph yell at the swine who enjoyed autonomous sensory meridian response?
Why was the Police Officer still in bed?
Why do french people eat snails ?
How can a line be both short and long?
What did Kermit the Frog say after Jim Hensen died?
what does Dr Watson says to his flatmate when he's constipated?
What are the best FUNNY jokes to tell your friends?? Do you struggle to be funny or come up with jokes to your friends??
What do you call a horse that makes bad jokes?
Are you all alright?
What do you call a lycanthrope you've snuck up on?
Why should you never trust someone straight after coitus?
What do you call an ungulate with low self-esteem?
Why is Jesus Christ gay?
Did you hear about the tragic crash of the small plane into the cemetery?
Question: How do you know when you're poor?
What did the Call of Duty Player with Shit Internet and Jesus have in common?
What's the difference between Phil Collins and Germany?
Why did the turtle cross the road?
When is a product with 70% less salt a bad thing?
Remember that time I made that funny joke?
What do you call a Chatbook that consists solely of pictures of your poop?
What do you call a mail order bride holding a penis?
How do rednecks celebrate Halloween?
What kind of TB do potatoes get?
Why was Simba unable to save his dad in the Lion King?
How did the Jews feel during WW2?
Whats Rick Grimes' favorite position?
OC from my 10 yr old son: Why do women like roses?
How does Kylo Ren talk on the phone?
What do you call the Indianapolis football fans?
Why did the blonde avoid eating cereal?
What was 2016?
What does Ivanka call her lower back tattoo?
From my 7 year old daughter: What do you call a girl shell?
how many American cops does it take to change a lightbulb?
How do you throw a party in space?
What is Harry Potter's favorite way to get down a hill?
What did the time traveler do when he was still hungry?
Why did the feminist get triggered?
What do you call five African-Americans born together?
What's the difference between Pizza and your opinion?
you know what would be cool ?
Why do riot police like to get to work early?
What is Micheal Bay's favorite phone?
What do you call a funny snake?
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are stranded on an island, who wins?
Did you hear about the depressed lactose-intolerant woman?
How do you get a Samsung owner to throw their phone out the window?
What's the similarity between an Asian and Spongebob?
What do you call a group of sorority girls?
What kind of math can you do with light?
[Insensitive] Why can't Ray Charles read?
How many cops does it take to push a Black person down the stairs?
Why was Avogadro executed?
Why did the teacher cross the room?
Why do cows have bells?
Why do drug dealers love muslim people?
Why did Adolf Hitler commit suicide?
What do you call a WWE referee who is also a Jedi Master?
Why did the police officer hate wearing condoms?
What does an Islamic magician say?
What do you Call a Bunch of Horny Teenagers Argueing?
What's the difference between Canadian baseball and an old testament drug dealer?
What do you do when you see an Indian limping?
Why is the galley the safest place to be on a capsizing ship?
What's green and has wheels?
Hey girl, are you an orphanage?
What is Donald Trump's Favorite Disney Character?
Why do gas prices end with 9/10 of a penny?
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?
What's worse than ants in your pants?
Why shouldn't you go barefoot in Nigeria?
Why do Americans hate knock knock jokes?
What did the Australian Grandmaster say at the conclusion of a sex session?
What do the Montreal Canadians drive?
What do you call a dwarf with a birth defect, is broke and can't drink milk?
I fucked a bitch at work today and guess what happened?
Where did the terrorist go after the explosion?
What's the difference between a hockey player and a redneck girl?
What does a weed addict day when something miraculous happens?
How does a cannibal get a vegan off its high horse?
What's next to Moscow?
Did you see that Walmart will be closing about 500 stores by the end of the year...?
Why did the fisherman head out during a storm?
What's Gordon Ramsay's favorite movie?
How do they count the Mexican immigrants?
What are Mario's pants made out of?
At first I wondered.. How on earth does Hillary Clinton sleep at night?
What's a pedophile's favorite type of shoe?
Why do asian women like white men so much?
What do gay horses eat?
What does Waka flocka order at a Chinese restaurant?
What doesn't belong in this list: Meat, Eggs, Wife, Blowjob?
What's Donald Trump's favorite dish?
What does Donald Trump do when he sees a mathematical problem?
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
What is the title of Martha Stewart's culinary anthology?
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a light bulb?
Do you want to hear a bad joke?
What is Donald Trump's favourite nation?
How did Caesar describe his sex life?
What's a communist's favorite computer brand?
As a worker at [insert bank here], what do you think is the biggest obstacle that hinders productivity and efficiency?
Did you hear the breaking news in Zootopia?
Why do you really not want to get pulled over in Ireland?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
How many Jews can you fit into a car?
What do you call a movie about a taco eating contest at Taco Bell that gets hit by a tornado?
How does Princess Leia masturbate?
Where do you hide after killing a black person?
What did Bill Cosby call Donald Trump?
What do you call a group of girls from a sorority?
You know why Trump is still the GOP candidate?
How did the butcher introduce his wife?
Why did the elephant sit on the marshmallow?
What did the oven tell the slice of bread?
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead are sitting in the first grade, who has the biggest boobs?
Have you seen the movie about a lone piece of graph paper?
What's Richard Nixon's favorite game?
What's the difference between a lawyer and a bucket filled with manure?
What's a hipsters favorite season?
Why does Donald Trump take women out on his yacht?
Have you heard about the new broom they invented?
Why was there never an Aladdin 4?
[Cringe] Why did the farmer bandage the goat?
What's the difference between a well dressed man on a bicycle, and a poorly dressed woman on a tricycle?
Why are black people tall?
So I'm 30 and Charlotte is 21. Went out last night and we kept getting funny looks like I was some sort of peadophile. Does anyone else think that age is just a number?
Do you want to hear a bad cat joke?
Why wasn't Jesus born in Mexico?
Why couldn't Mozart find his mentor?
What did Chad Kroeger say after leaving a concert of Justin Bieber?
Which race is the most racist?
Did you hear of that new app where people meat ?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
How bad is Hillary Clinton?
Did you hear about the antennas that got married?
What do you call a terrorist on the moon?
What's the difference between a feminist and a spear?
Why did the slut go to the dentist?
What do you call a meme war?
What's the worst thing to hear after blowing Willie Nelson?
What do you call a potato from Colorado?
What is the most painful Russian dance?
How many psychologists does it take to change a tire?
Why is it so hard to pronounce words in Welsh?
Did you hear about the one-armed man that robbed the bank?
Why was the physics teacher and the biology teacher always fighting?
What do you call it when Batman leaves church early?
How do you exorcise a demon?
Did you hear the one about the statistician?
What's the difference between Donald Trump and /r/Jokes?
Did you guys hear about the catastrophic genetic flower breeding program that tried to cross an aster and a daisy?
What's the definition of trust?
Why is the washing machine so grumpy?
What's the number ten's favorite Spanish phrase?
Have you seen Finding Dory?
What President of the United States smells the worst?
Why was the Jack-o-Lantern afraid to cross the road?
Why are orphans bad at baseball?
Statistics show almost 54,000 women are abused every year. Do you know what they have in common?
What's the difference between the US election and sex?
What do you call a company that delivers delicious fruit baskets and also has sex with your mom?
Why did the Console peasant cross the Road?
If a dog ran away every three nights and had an orange tail, what would that make it?
What do the Toronto Maple Leafs and the Titanic have in common?
What do French people say after they've gone to the bathroom?
Why did Bob Dylan win the Nobel Prize in Literature?
What do you get when you have Windows and Mac OS X dual booting from the same computer?
What looks like half an apple?
whats the best part of having sex with a transvestite?
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino?
What’s the difference between a poodle humping your leg and a pit bull humping your leg?
What's the difference between having a badly poured draft beer and having a child with Down's Syndrome?
Why did the jalapeño put on a sweater?
What do you call a male cow that eats hamburgers?
How could a leper afford a nice house?
What's a Canadian's favorite footwear?
Why could Jesus walk on water?
Whats would happens if you added Hillary Clinton and the USA and subtracted an A?
Why can't the man take his job seriously?
What do you call a sprouted sweet potato that has somehow gained sentience?
From how high can you drop an egg onto a concrete floor without breaking it?
Did you hear about the guy who snorted curry powder?
Why does mohamed goes out with an explosive device?
What is an Italian Pirate's favourite food?
Why do Autonomous cars have steering wheels?
Why do flamingos stand on one leg?
What does a flame smell like?
What do spiders eat in France?
What do a glass of water and an Atheist have in common?
Why didn't Mark Hamill go crazy while voice acting as the Joker?
Why is a 77 better than a 69?
Did you hear about the trial of the jurisprudence fetishist?
What's Kevin Durant's go-to garment?
Why is the long term liability sad?
What did the atom say to the other atom?
What's the most environmentally friendly subreddit?
Why does everyone love Plato?
What’s the best way to stop a runaway horse?
What do racists say during sex?
What's difference between Jesse Owens and Adolf Hilter?
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman?
Did you know putting your water damaged phone in a cup of rice can fix it?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
Why are condoms and bungee-jumping similar?
What do you call a bear who is athletically flexible?
Jacklyn's mom has four kids, two have been kidnapped by Isis, how many does she have left?
Who wouldn't let the gorilla in the ballet?
What does a Muslim man tell his wife when she eats bacon?
what did Freud say about an algebraic equation?
What's the difference between a baby and a kilo of Coke?
What does Hitler do to his one-night stands?
What do men and Subway have in common?
As a Jew, am I allowed to eat McDonalds today?
What do Grill Cosby and Grill Clinton have in common?
What do you call it, when Trump and Hillary argue who has the better smile?
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a shit-flinging monkey?
DOCTOR: why did you take your antibiotics at 6 am instead of 9:00 AM as prescribed?
Why don't we see more midget actors?
What's between a cunt and an asshole?
How many Gentlesirs does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Do you remember the "Hold a coke with your boobs" challenge ?
What is the difference between a dirty bus stop, and a lobster with breast implants?
What do you call a deer with no eyes ?
How many 'Suh Dudes' does it take to change a lightbulb?
Who did Hitler rule Nazi Germany with?
What's the worst kind of incompetent?
What's the problem when your wife walks out of the kitchen?
What do you call a math class full of SJW's?
What do you call a #robot stranded in the ocean?
What Pokémon does the best with the ladies?
What do you call a pothead that breaks up with his girlfriend?
If Trump and Clinton were stranded on a desert island, who would survive?
What's a scary costume for Halloween?
I'm two months pregnant now. When will my baby move?
What did the baby otter say when it walked into the club?
What do Canadians drink when the beer is all gone?
Why were the Ten Commandments so powerful?
How did the psychologist die?
Why does Donald Trump hate Chris Jericho?
What happened to r/showerthoughts?
What's an abusive parents favorite vegetable?
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippy?
What do engineers use for birth control?
Which is the most communist vegetable?
How do you turn a duck into a popular soul singer?
Interviewer: What would you say is your greatest weakness?
Whay does the sign on an out-of-business brothel say?
Why did the Mexican take Xanax?
How do rednecks celebrate Halloween?
How do you make holy water?
How can you tell if it is a Salvador Dali painting?
What do you call an Arab who has a ripped body??
What do you call a chicken coup with more than two doors?
What do a pizza delivery driver and a gynecologist have in common?
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton?
How do you kill a blonde?
Why was Amazon angry after their conference with Samsung?
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump?
Can vegetarians eat pudding?
Why did the crip cross the road?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why is Hillary Clinton running for President?
Whad did the scales show on the screen when the person steeped on them?
What's the difference between you and a mallard with a cold?
How do you discipline your pet rock?
Why can't the T-rex clap its hands?
What dinosaur was in the most pain?
Want to hear my favorite joke?
Why can't you hear Michelle Pfeiffer use the restroom?
What does Pokemon Go and a policeman have in common?
What do you call a nose without a body?
Why didn't the monk sell his temple?
What is Donald Trump's favorite flavor of Tic Tac?
what's the best part about fucking twenty five year olds?
How many chicken eggs does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Have you tried Gatorade's newest sports drink, F5?
What do you call a gnome who dresses nice?
What sport can Batman best Superman in?
How many babies does it take to shingle a roof?
What do you call the god of cheese?
What did the executioner say to his wife when he left?
Hey baby are you today's date?
What do you call a lawyer from krypton?
Why'd the Mexican push his wife off a cliff?
What's black and dosent work?
Which is faster to unload, a truckload of bricks or a truckload of dead kittens?
Hey girl, are you tired of these 10/10 jokes?
why netflix and chill?
Are you today's date?
Are you my date today?
What Do You Call A Syrian Mother, Father, And Child That Live Together?
What do you call a lion with a fancy hat?
How many "friend zoned" guys does it take to change a lightbulb?
What would be a good name for my daughter who is a synth?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
Is sex work?
What do you call a schizophrenic in a white dress?
What my iPhone and Steve Jobs have in common?
Have you ever heard about Mothers Against Drunk Driving's lesser known sister organization "Fathers Against Drunk Driving"?
Which state has the worst carbonated drinks?
What did the ghost say when he got to the halloween party?
How many apples grow on a tree?
What do you call a cross between a penguin and a cow?
Who would survive if Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were in an airplane crash?
What was the last thing Beethoven accomplished?
How do Soviet prison mates greet each other?
What's the difference between a New Yorker and a Canadian?
Why did the suicide bomber die a virgin?
How many Friend Zoned guys does it take to change a light bulb?
Why is my Tetris highscore like my wife?
Why don't Arab women need Insurance?
Why did Moses see a burning bush as God?
What does ABC stand for?
How did the farmer deal with the stubborn sheep's wool?
What do you call it if an illegal immigrant fights a sex offender?
What do you call a walking talking rat?
What is the difference between a dog and a cat?
What did the ghost say to the other ghost at the Halloween party?
How many dead babies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How does a blonde count a thousand sheep?
How do you tell a bad joke from a good joke?
What happened when two hydrogen atoms collided?
What kind of insect gets triggered on tumblr?
What do you call an Asian lobster?
What do you call a cow with no sense of humor ?
How can you tell you live in an Asian part of town?
Gary Johnson country?
What's the most sensitive part of a man's body when he's masturbating?
How great would it be to make my hobby my profession?
What is worse, balancing on a 100meter high rope or getting a BJ from a man?
What's the difference between a pick-pocket and a peeping tom?
What does the drug dealer make sure to do?
What do you get when you cross and owl with a bungee cord?
What do prime numbers and stoners have in common?
What’s the definition of “trust”?
What was the first thing Hitler bought from the beauty shop?
Girl: If I climbed all the way to the top of Mt. Everest, what'd you give me?
Damn girl are you a smoke detector?
He's dumb, doesn't speak, eats and sleeps but saved the world many times. Who is he?
Do you want to know why black people commit so much crime?
Why did psychotherapist cross the road?
What do you get when you cross a penis and a potato?
What do a Florida hurricane, a Kansas tornado, and an Arkansas divorce have in common?
What's the difference between Superman and Supergirl?
What do you call an ex-military white supremacist?
What's the difference between a captain and a lt.col ?
Who makes more money, a hooker, or a drug dealer?
What did the depressed philosopher say?
You ever hear about the Polish terrorist that tried to blow up a bus?
Q: Does an elephant ever forget?
What do you call a pile of cats?
Why are we seeing the creepy clowns all over the country?
Remember Doodle-Bob from Spongebob?
What is an umbrella doing in the shower?
Wanna hear a good one?
Did you know that humans eat more bananas than monkeys?
What is the biggest joke in the world as of now?
Is Google a he or a she?
If all the 7 days were to get in a fight, who would win?
Why did Amy Schumer go to a psychic?
What's the biggest joke of 2016?
Why do lesbians only shop at REI?
Why are cats so afraid of cucumbers?
What's the difference between men and women when it comes to drinking?
What's the difference between purple and pink?
Who do you vote for if Trump drops out of the race?
Why did the Mexican take Xanax?
Why did the man sleep under the tractor?
Whats the best way to get over a girl?
[META] Are we getting DV Brigaded?
Why do Norwegians drive Chevys?
What do you call someone who doesn't know how to party?
Why does no one buy food for a platypus?
What's the difference between Turkey and Duck?
What Does Stephen Hawking have in common with Rosie O'Donnell?
What happens when you tell a sexist joke to a feminist mod?
What do you call a computer that sings?
Why did the rock go to the therapist?
Why didn't the Mexican go now hunting?
Did you hear about the auntie who plugged her electric blanket into the toaster?
Whats the difference between Electricians and Technicians?
What happens when a dick meets a hardass?
How did the Allies have time to prepare D-Day?
Why did the guy spend the entire day throwing out his surplus of herbs?
Have you heard about the new male birth control pill?
Why can't you fool an aborted fetus?
What did the man, who had his kneecap replaced by that of a child's, say when he bumped his leg on a table?
What was the slutty princess full of?
So how's the sex life?
Why is North America so salty?
In what state were the women bill cosby raped ?
What do you call a 1,000 pound woman sitting on a bar stool?
Which clown has killed the most people?
Why shouldn't you go to Africa if your scared of robots?
How do you think the unthinkable?
What's the difference between anal and oral?
what do you call a chinese millionaire?
What do you get when you cross a Hell's Angel with a Jehovah's Witness?
Have you heard about the new TV show NBC is working on with Donald Trump?
Why does Trump watch the Olympics?
What do you call an italian pro-gun activist?
How do tennis players decide who serves first?
What did the Buddhist say to the hotdog vendor?
What do you call a Norse god after a workout?
What do you call a man with no body and a nose ?
What do emos say at good parties?
Why don't people eat clocks?
What do jews and people of GTA have in common?
Did you hear about the magical tractor?
What is Al Qaeda's favourite team?
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic?
How do you count cows?
Why did the fishing boat captain hire an all Mexican crew?
What's the coldest type of reptile?
What do the trees say when it rains?
What do you call a heavy punch from Beyonce?
What's something you can drive, but also throw?
What university department did the Fonz go do when he needed help paying his tuition?
What do you call Bigfoot when he has an attitude?
What is it called when a chemist has a really great winter break?
Why did the dog go to the hospital?
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex?
Why did the aquarium have an existential crisis when the dolphins were released to the wild?
How did NASCAR get that name?
Why are black people so fast?
Did you hear about that new jewish barista?
What Did Ezio's Girlfriend Say to Him After Sex?
Why did the corn maze go back to school?
Whats the difference between a hippie and a trampoline?
Why didn't the Middle Eastern man go to jail?
Why are basketball players so tall?
Did you hear about the rash of manhole cover thefts?
Why did the storm trooper return his iPhone?
Wanna hear my campfire jokes?
What does a blanket say to the other after a game of chess?
Why were the Medieval centuries known as the Dark Ages?
What do you call a fly without wings?
Have you heard my construction joke?
What do you call a cat in love?
What Did The Muslim Terminator Say?
What does an aging Mafia boss do for his birthday?
What type of cancer is an anarchist immune to?
Do you have any naked pictures of your wife?
Did you know that my grandpa died in Auschwitz?
Why do accountants make good lovers?
Why did the blonde tip-toe near the medicine cabinet?
Why are there no black magicians?
What's the difference between a camera and a foot?
What's with everyone being scared of clowns recently?
What are Jehovah witnesses called in Chinese?
Wanna hear a dirty joke?
How do you know you've been burgled by asians?
What's great about having sex with twenty-two-year-olds?
What did the hill that was counting its pocket change say to the other hill?
What's it called when Batman walks out of church?
What makes you really cool?
Why don't Jehovah Witnesses like Halloween?
When does a joke become a dad joke?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
What programs do cultists watch shows on?
What do me and Subway have in common?
Hey, are you cold?
Why was the baby late to his 5'clock appointment?
Want to hear a dirty joke?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
In a farmers market, Farmer A sells pumpkins, Farmer B sells strawberries, what does Farmer C sell?
Why is black comedy important?
What does a microcontroller say when it can't answer a question?
Have you heard of global warming?
What's the difference between a cat and a complex sentence?
What do you call a stabilizing greek?
What's does an extractor fan sound like?
Why are schoolhouse red?
If dad's get dad jokes, what do mom's do?
Why does Santa Clause have no children?
Why do Jews have big noses?
Why do jews have such big noses?
What’s the last thing that goes thru a bug’s mind as he hits the windshield?
What did the man say when he ran out of clothes?
Why did the policeman smell bad?
What console did Nintendo make for special ed kids?
What do Alexander the Great and Winnie the Pooh have in common?
How do you make a tissue dance?
What's pink and smells of ginger?
What do you call an average ogre?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
Why do women wear makeup and perfume?
What does a nosey pepper do?
What is an orthodox Jew's biggest dilemma?
How do you circumsise a redneck?
What is 13 inches long, has a purple head and makes a woman scream all night long?
How do you think the unthinkable?
What is the life motto of a Frenchman?
What do you call a Latino eating canned lunch meat?
Why did Eddie Albert have to go to the dentist?
How many sexists does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call a chicken with lettuce in its eye?
What do you call a charred exotic psychic?
Why do programmers get Halloween and Christmas mixed up?
Why did Thor decide to sleep in?
Why did the fly fly?
What do grapes and a bicycle both have in common?
Did you hear the one about improv?
Why didn't the Mexican guy at work take out the trash at work when I asked him?
Whats better then getting a gold medal in the Paralympics?
Did you hear the one about the constipated mathematician?
Did you hear about those new corduroy pillows?
What does a gay bear and The World Series have in common?
What's the difference between a feminist and a suicide vest?
What do classical pianists take with them to the grocery store?
What happens when a feminist shoots a gun?
Why is one side of the flying-V longer than the other?
Why wasn't the droid hungry?
How do you have sex with a vegetable?
What does Bill Cosby have in common with Ninjas?
How many feminist does it take to change a light bulb?
What's the quickest way to a man's heart?
What do r/jokes and my dads jokes have in common?
Whats the difference between dynamite and a banana?
What is the difference between Elon musk and Tony Stark?
What is it when a man talks nasty to a woman?
How do you catch a unique bunny?
Why are camels bad at sex?
How Do Rednecks Celebrate Halloween?
Why does Oedipus hate profanity?
What's the difference between a good joke and a bad joke?
Why did Jesus have a six pack?
Have you got a Masturbation addiction?
What's Michelle's favourite vegetable?
How does a French soldier greet his comrades?
What’s the difference between a terrorist and a woman with PMS?
What did the lipstick and the eye-shadow do after they got into a fight?
How do four whores sit on one chair?
What did the Shetland Pony say when asked if his cough had cleared up?
Why are black people so tall?
What happens when you wear radioactive Russian underpants?
What is good about being Swiss?
What is big and brown and plays the accordion?
What's the difference between babies and boomerangs?
What do you call an underwater owl?
Why are asians bad at football?
Why are the cops shooting so many black men?
What do you tell a person with two swollen eyes ?
What has four legs and goes 'Boo'?
How long is a china-man?
What do Boobs and Lego have in common?
How did I escape Iraq?
How did Feminism start?
what do you call a mexican on the moon ?
Anton, do you think I’m a bad mother?
How can you tell if a pedophile is Jewish?
A joke for you Europeans: What do you call the border between humanity and animals?
What's the most common view of porn?
Why couldn't the police arrest the robber on the second floor?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
What did Chris Brown's dad say to him after the Rihanna incident?
How do you catch digital fish?
What types of jokes grow on you?
What did the Jamaican say was his favourite country?
What do you call a can after it completes college?
Why was the Mexican bad at archery?
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday?
Why did Horse Santa put his dentist on the naughty list?
What's the difference between Sugar and Sweet'N Low?
Why did the can crusher quit his job?
If a fire fighter has two eyes, then what does a ballerina have?
Why didn't the parrot want the black guy to buy him?
What do fat people in Syria need?
What did the penis say to the condom???
What's the difference between novocaine and an index finger?
What do you call a Santa Claus who kidnaps people?
Why didn't the Mexican go bow hunting?
What do snitches and cuts have in common?
Why do some find the postal service offensive?
Why do elephants have 4 feet?
How do they package bread at the bakery?
Have you heard what they're now calling Pokemon Go?
Whats the difference between a cat and a comma?
When does a joke become a dad joke?
Why did the blonde bring a ladder to the party?
What do you call a dinosaur who just got out of a relationship?
Is your refrigerator running?
How do you kill a group of clowns?
You know what's really dumb?
What do you call a Mexican with small muscles?
What's that one room zombies can never enter?
What would a child call a Nazi porta-potty?
Whar would Samuel Langhorne Clemens' alias be if he wrote country music?
What happened to the German man's luggage?
What's the worst part about eating out a grandma?
Have you heard the rumor going around about butter?
So two Douches decide to park next to each other, how many spaces do they take up?
What do you call an alligator in a vest?
Did you ever hear about the man with a piano playing midget?
Why's it so hard for blind people to commit crimes?
What's grey and can't swim?
What does the pirates 5 trailer and the iPhone 7 have in common?
What do you tell your wife with two black eyes?
Why does the ejaculating turtle appear to be getting larger?
What does an Aboriginal couple practice once a month?
Why did the scarecrow win an award?
What do you call your favorite 80's pop star floating dead in the harbor?
What's the only thing you can say when the Chinese Restaurant over booked your reservation?
What do you call a cross between a skunk, a wolverine, and a porcupine?
Did you hear about the guy who fell in a vat at the eyeglass factory?
hi What did the stork say to the couple?
What do you call a Med School student who graduates with all C's?
What does a chef with a chronic masturbation issue cook?
What type of acid is best to use from time to time?
If a single stick is called a "fag", and a bundle of "fags" is called a "faggot", then what do you call a group of "faggots"?
How did Barack propose to Michelle?
What's the difference between justice and relevant ethnic groups in America?
Did you hear about that hole in the wall of the strip club?
At what time in the day do rockets eat and why?
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
what time is it?
What did Tammy say after she refused to vaccinate her child?
Who is Santa Claus?
Does anyone know any good gags?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
What do a Prius and a penis have in common?
How do you sell chocolate to a deaf/foreign person?
What do you call the male equivalent of a Feminist?
What happened to Sponge Bob Square Pants when he broke up with his girlfriend?
Did you hear Kim Kardashian got robbed by two armed men?
Why did the cow tip over?
Why do we call sad people blue?
How recognize a blonde's computer ?
What did the pirates say who stole Kim Kardashians jewelry?
What are a musician's favourite letters?
You know that tingly little feeling you get when you like someone?
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Moby Dick?
What's the best part about a selfie stick?
What do you call a jewish man?
How does a flower get pollinated?
You hear the one about the cow that told too many jokes?
Did you hear the one about the falling eggs?
Why shouldn't you give Muslim Women drugs?
What Does A Ghost Cow Say?
Why didn't the bride and groom exchange their wedding vows?
How can you tell a sumo wrestler from a feminist?
Why is the magnet on medication?
How many baby's does it take to paint a house?
What do you call a gay couch?
What did the one tree say to the other tree?
Why does Dr Pepper come in a can?
What kind of Ant lives in rented accommodation?
Want to hear a joke?
Why can't Helen Keller drive?
What do you call a spider that likes 80s music?
Why did the can-crusher quit his job?
When is a door, not a door?
What do you call a slightly incomplete Yahtzee set?
Did you hear about Syrian sex dolls?
How are crayons like people?
What's a racists favorite song by the Rolling Stones?
How do feminists like their eggs cooked?
Did you hear about the physics student that committed suicide by jumping off a skyscraper?
Why was the 6 afraid of 7?
what's worse than having a cold right before a job interview ?
What do you call a couple of moles drunk and high off sugar?
What type of fruit can you not eat just one of?
How do you pick up a Jewish girl?
Did you hear about the 2 men who stole a calendar?
What do you call a prostitute that does both men and women?
what's the difference between an irish wedding and an irish funeral?
How do you get 100 Ethiopians in a phone box?
Why did Sarah fall off the swing?
How is marijuana stock sold on the stock market?
Wats d height of hope?
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on a sinking ship in the middle of the ocean. Who survives?
What do we want?
What do you call a dizzy Asian?
Why do crowd control police go earlier to work?
Question: What's the difference between Joan of Arc and a canoe?
What do Dick Cheney and Jim Kelly have in common?
Why are all the plants at the retirement home made of silk and plastic?
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall?
What do Tempurpedic mattresses and raptors have in common?
Hey There's 20 Letters in The Alphabet Right?
Do know what a honeymoon salad is?
Why did the stand up comic quit comedy to become a obstetrician?
Did you here what the waiter did at the restaurant?
Why did the bodybuilder go to the vet?
hi What did the painter say to the paint can?
Why was the sterile Grizzly upset?
hi What did the mime say to the wall?
How does the Asian chef get to work?
What do you call it when a non-binary gendered couple has a legal dispute over custody of their children?
what does the Jewish baker say when ba customer leaves his store?
What did the raped dog said to the PETA activist?
How do you turn a duck into a blues singer?
What is a Canadian's favorite nirvana song?
What salad is bad for your health?
When is the Speech Therapy Class?
What do GTA and the third Reich have in common?
What do you call chips that aren't yours?
What's the difference between Eric Clapton and a snooker player?
Do you know where multipliers are made?
What's a gay man's favorite planet?
How do you defeat a kappa?
What do you call a stoner with Down's Syndrome?
What type of martial arts do they practice in Israel?
why did hitler commit suicide?
Why is Rose sad?
What do the wage gap and the story of Hercules have in common?
why are fish good astronauts?
Why was Miss Piggy sick for her show?
What's the difference between Neil Armstrong and Michael Jackson?
What does Trumps Hair and a Thong have in common..?
What do you call a group of geeks eating cupcakes?
What's the loudest noise in the world?
Two black guys are in a car, who's driving?
What's the difference between you and a mallard with a cold?
What did JFK Jr miss most about Martha's Vineyard?
What makes for a good first date?
What's the difference between a black guy and snow tires?
How Can You Tell It's Fall In Florida?
Do you know how many planets are in the solar system?
What did Elon Musk get after his talk on colonizing Mars?
What did the DNA say to the other DNA?
What was Beethoven’s favorite fruit?
Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens?
What's going be America's largest export once Trump gets elected?
Why don't call centers hire alligators?
Where do rednecks eat in the city?
Do you know what makes pink lemonade pink?
what do you call 10 rabbits marching backwards?
What do you call a political conservative woman who is required to always be there?
What is a pedophile's favorite musical note?
Did you hear about the orchestra that got electrocuted?
Why do Asians like to have military time on?
Did you guys see the score of the Egypt vs Ethiopia soccer match?
What did the one cat say to the other cat?
Why is the California golden gate bridge a great compass?
What's John Lee Hooker's favourite recording device?
How do you make a Venetian blind?
Why did the witch get a car with manual transmission?
Why was the radioactive food going to taste bad?
Why did the console player cross the road?
What is the type of humor do you hate the most?
Did you hear the one about Muhammed?
Where do calculus students go when they are sick?
Three men brought four cigarettes onto a boat, but then realized they had no lighters or matches. What do they do?
What sounds funny?
What costs you a fortune and leaves you in tears a year and a half later?
What do you call ill-mannered burst of strong wind in the desert?
How can a dog afford to go to college?
What do you get if you drop a piano down a mine shaft?
What do you call German Uber drivers?
Whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
What do you call a guy who hangs around a bunch of musicians?
So what if I don't know what Armageddon means?
Isn't it great to live in the 21st century?
What is bread's most deadly sin?
What do you get if you tie two camels together by the tails?
How many Reddit mods does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the best part about having sex with 25 yr olds?
What did Eric Clapton do after he wrote Tears in Heaven?
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy?
What's the difference between a milion dollars and a boner?
Why don't Baptists approve of premarital sex?
[groaner] Have you guys seen Viking Wars?
Why do women wear makeup and perfume?
What do you call Muslims at the end of their religious service?
What song did Russia send Ukraine for its birthday?
What don't BMWs have that all other manufacturers do?
Have you tried Ethiopian food?
What do you call a guy with no musical talent that hangs out with the band?
Why did the bandit from Burma vote for Trump and Hillary to be the primary candidates?
What did Zack say after discovering his coward genes?
What do you call 2 people singing in Hebrew?
Did you hear about corduroy pillows?
What's the difference between a guitarist and a pizza?
What do you call a singer who sells meat?
what do you call your girlfriend when she's shot by an Islamic terrorist?
What rabbit wears on his back while flying?
Where would you see two people helping each other while you feel happy seeing them help each other?
What drink is better than average?
Which is the most religious vegetable?
What did the fish say when it swam into a concrete wall?
What's the difference between a dead baby and a Styrofoam cup?
Why are TV's attracted to people?
What did the Trump Train do when it approached the station?
How many McDonalds workers does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why can't T-Rex's Hi-Five each other?
What do you think of men who likes to eat fish?
If ball is life, where is the afterlife?
What do you call a black man with a MD?
What does George Weasley see in the Mirror of Erised?
What is a caffeine addict's excuse for drinking coffee in the evening?
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
Why are white people so bad at horror movies?
How can you tell when time is reversing?
Why are black people tall?
What's a Mexican's favorite breakfast cereal?
Why did the aliens choose to not invade and enslave the human race?
What did one sausage say to the other?
Why did Sally fall of the swing?
Q: What does the Bermuda Triangle and blondes have in common?
What do you call a fake noodle?
What is the room temperature on Tatooine?
Why do people admire pirates so much?
Why did Aquaman join the DC universe instead of Marvel?
What's the difference between a pontiff's chin and the kitchen sink?
Who did the Dyslexic Devil Worshipper sell his soul to?
Why does Donald Trump like free haircuts?
How to get a Jewish girl's number?
Do you want to know why I called your girlfriend a tractor?
What do you call a camel with three humps?
What is the the Chicken's favorite composer?
Have you ever tried eating a clock?
What did the angry feminist say on Halloween?
Why did the wheelchair-bound girlfriend break up with her boyfriend?
In The Lion King, why did Mufasa die?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
How did Genghis Khan conquer Mongolia?
If Chef Boyardee was a dictator what would he name his secret police?
What does the captain of the USS Enterprise do for exercise?
What do ghosts drink?
Why did Simba buy a motorcycle?
How does Moses make his tea?
What's black and white and red all over?
Is your refrigerator running??
Can I Have SEX with my Pregnant Wife?
What did the doctor say to the midget waiting in the lobby?
Why does everyone hate 7?
What city are you in when you drop your waffle on the beach?
What would happen if James Bond took Viagra?
Why haven’t you ever seen any elephants hiding up trees?
We all know what the loneliest number is, but what's the least lonely number?
What goes up and down but never moves?
What’s the difference between a baby and a feminist?
How did the road break its ankles?
OC why do doctors check their patients reflexes?
What do women that have miscarried suffer from?
Why is the sea so salty?
Why shoudn't you play poker in Africa ?
What did the piece of shit stuck on my toilet say to my pee this morning?
Why do Welshmen like to fuck sheep at the edge of a cliff?
Did you hear about the guy with a fetish for public transportation?
Why are stormtroopers so bad at aiming?
Why is the LSU football team like my car?
What is the hardest part about firing a black man?
Do you ever leave a craigslist ad up after you've sold the item just to get that little rush when someone texts you?
What's below the Pyrenees?
What's the difference between a taliban outpost and an Afghani Elementary school?
Why do americans get manuals when buying a new car?
What do you call an evil wizard who gives good hickeys?
How do you say Vaseline in German?
What do you call a gay guy who is really good at differential equations?
What do you call a muslim woman cheating on her husband?
What kind of girls date firefighters?
Russia: Why did the chicken cross the road?
Husband: What would you do if i won the lottery?
I just realized something. Jesus backwards is susej =sausage. Jesus is a sausage. Is this a conspiracy?
Whats a pirates favourite letter???
What's the slowest boat?
Why did the baby drop its rattle?
What do you say when you see two fetuses making out?
Why did Miss Piggy call in sick to work?
What do you call a hobosexual?
What did Thin Lizzie do with his iPhone?
How many Harvard students does it take to change a light bulb?
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts?
Did you know that national middle child day was last week?
WHY DID HITLER COMMIT SUICIDE?
What is a small loan of money?
Did you hear about the Amish woman?
Who lose in the presidential debate?
What's the difference between Elton John's chin and Tiger Woods?
What is "YEAH" in Japanese?
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman?
Who lost the presidential debate?
How many Donald Trumps does it take to change a lightbulb?
Want to hear a corny joke?
What city does Affirmative Action Aslan live?
Whats a mans favorite word that starts with 'm' and ends in 'arriage'?
Hear about the dyslexic chefs?
Clinton and Trump get in a plane crash, who is saved?
Why can't Donald Trump be circumcised?
Wanna know how easy it is to sleep with a fat chick?
What is Chip Kelly's favorite dance?
What do you call a dog who does magic tricks?
What did the farmer say when he couldn't find his tractor?
Have you heard about the curator of the Slavic History exhibit?
What do you call a cow with a twitch?
Who lost the American Presidential Debate?
What did the paraplegic retard get for Christmas?
What do you think about the Cyber Warfare ?
Your refrigerator is running?
What do my brother and Julius Caesar have in common?
You know what really surprised me about the debate tonight?
How do you feel when you're playing Mortal Kombat and the air conditioning goes out?
What the difference between a feminist and a knife?
How many people could Donald Trump shoot before his poll numbers fell below 40%?
Teacher to a 4 Year old kid: What's your Mom's name?
What fuels electronics but drains a relationship?
What do women and Google have in common?
What are some good dad jokes?
How many cannibals does it take to make a sandwich?
Who's bigger, Mr. Bigger or Mr. Bigger's baby?
Why was the dolphin sad?
Aye dost ya know the difference betwixt a Scott and Scotch?
What's the difference between a dry, moldy cranberry and an angry blue bird?
How many Hillary supporters does it take to change a light bulb?
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia?
What are you watching tonight?
What do you call a bicycle with no seat?
What happened to the rabbit, the lion ate?
Did you hear about the vertically challenged psychic that robbed a bank?
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination?
Why are people so creeped out by the guy in the unicorn mask?
What do The Sixth Sense and Titanic have in common?
Why did the gynecologist get in trouble for oral sex with his patient?
What's worse than finding a stack of dads playboys in the basement?
Why do women have smaller feet than men?
why did the tiger running?
Why did Hitler kill himself?
Did you hear about Arnold Palmers last round of golf?
What is Checkmate?
Why do Jews have big noses?
Whats the easiest way to pick up a jewish girl?
Did you hear they lifted the restrictions on magazine size?
Why did the Irish man only eat two hundred and thirty nine beans?
Dim light bulbs or bright light bulbs?
How did the haunted house escape foreclosure?
You want to know the problem with cocaine?
Why did the free-range chicken cross the road?
Why did the black man try to break into jail?
Why did I leave my grades at the orphanage?
Where are the Atlantis and the lost treasures of many renowned pirates?
Is your refrigerator running?
what is Mozart doing now?
What do you call a Mexican that lost his car?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What do you call a white black person?
What did one blind cop say to the other blind cop?
Why couldnt you trust Castros wife?
What did the Spannish Amoeba said to the other Amoebas?
What's the difference between a king hit (sucker punch) and a 69'er?
What's another word for a nostalgic boner?
What do you call a kangaroo who chases rock stars to have sex with them?
Wanna know the best joke ever?
What do you call a stolen Tesla?
What's a Mexican's favourite video game?
What did the pavement smoother say after he lost his hands?
What's the difference between a long bearded redneck and a long bearded ISIS man?
Why aren't any atheists buying a PS4 Pro?
Why can't trigonometry teachers give good speeches?
What do you do to backwards scented muffins?
Why did Hitler take Xanax?
What's the difference between a church and a mosque?
Did you hear the Marlins are no longer serving beer at the stadium?
What do you call it when old people are forced into slavery?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What is Forrest Gump's password?
What's the most popular form of martial arts in Israel?
What do Trump and Hilary have in common?
How does Moses make his tea?
What do my girlfriend and Jesus have in common?
What did the clone troopers say after they killed Aayla Secura?
What did Godzilla say after eating a Honda?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
Why did the computer crash?
How was school today?
Why was Kaiser Wilhelm II such a weak ruler?
What's a pirates favorite letter?
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia?
Who was the most Unfunniest and Unoriginal Comedian of all Time?
What do you call someone pretending to nice to people just to get upvotes?
What does a pterodactyl have in common with a urinal?
Why does Donald Trump watch the Olympics?
Why did the mexican fire department fail?
What happened when Mr. Loin got knighted?
Where did Hitler keep his armies?
In a debate between Hillary and Trump, who loses?
Why do North Korean officials are always seen holding a notebook and a pen when they're near Kim Jong Un?
What drug can Donald Trump not live without?
What do you call a dead bee?
What do you call it when a turtle beats a rabbit in a race?
What type of perfume do kidnappers use?
why can't conservatives work at a checkout counter?
How do redditors get their water?
What does natalia portman have on the ends of her feet?
Why are there so many women archaeologists?
When jokes go to parties, where do they wait for drinks?
Have you tried rocky mountain oysters?
What do you call large number of cannibals stranded on an island?
How do you trigger a feminist?
What's the difference between traffic and strawberries?
When does a joke become a dad joke?
What do you call two crows on a branch?
What's the difference between you and eggs?
How did Rihanna find out Chris Brown was cheating on her?
What did one casket say to the other?
What's the best way for a prostitute to advertise?
What do you call a nymphomaniac with erectile dysfunction?
Why did the little girl eat her money for lunch?
whats the best part about sleeping with twenty-seven year olds?
How do you get a Criminal to stop running?
Who's the fastest tailor in the world?
What book does the Queen of England read to get herself into a raunchy mood?
Why did the cows cross the road?
What does an Anime Mathlete say?
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Prius?
Where do graphic designers go for a drink?
What do you call a Mexican hooker who doesn't charge any money?
What does Gordon program in?
How do you make a Plummer cry?
Why does Jesus eat at Benihana?
What happened to the guy who farted in church?
Which country will be the first to change to all electric vehicles?
What do female scientists look at once a month?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
What is the difference between the USA and North Korea?
Q. How can you tell if a car is German?
Where do lightbulbs die?
What did the carpet enthusiast say to his mistress?
What is the hardest part of cutting a baby in half with a straight razor?
What do my iPhone and my girlfriend have in common?
What do vaginas and schools have in common?
What's the laziest piece of clothing?
Is milk the best workout supplement?
Why did Black Lives Matter arrange a protest on Coruscant?
Did you hear that the coprophiliac Scotsman is engaged to be married?
What’s the difference between a baby and a feminist?
Where do you drown a hipster?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Why didn't Sug Knight talk to the police?
What's a caveman's favorite lunchtime meal?
What do you call a clever repost?
Tired of hearing the same song over and over again?
You guys hear about the pepper shaker that was attacked by the salt shaker?
What is an AI's favorite food?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
How do you stop the protests in Charlotte?
Why did Timmy cross the street?
Why do ducks make the best detectives?
Why are pedophiles so full of themselves?
Is it any wonder men have been obsessed with sex since biblical times?
Why did the doctor make an old woman cry?
Why did Steve Jobs die too soon?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
What kind of fish can you find in a hospital?
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday?
What do you call a gangster with no limbs?
Why are Muslim Pokémon so easy to defeat?
What do you call a dead person?
What did the black guy get on his SAT?
What did the West African nation say as it sank into the sea?
What Did Big Nacho Say To Little Nacho?
Did you hear what happened to the lady who backed into the fan?
Why doesn't Lilly from AT&T commercials show any cleavage?
Wanna hear a story about a ghost?
what do you call a fake spaghetti?
How do memes go to the proms?
What makes camping so thrilling?
How many Amish guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you say when you get cornered by a gang of Italian prostitutes?
What's the definition of tender love?
what happened when the frog double parked?
What did one mushroom say to the other?
What did Cinderella say as she was approaching the ball?
Whats the difference between a Jew and Santa?
From my 8yo daughter: What do you call a boat made out of corn?
Do they have 4Rivers in California?
Why was the physicist being so careful not to insult his colleague's choice of generalized coordinates and momentum?
What is hard, long, and full of seamen?
Everyone knows how you know a criminal is lying?
You lost your phone when its' on silent?
What does it sound like when Java laughs?
What do you call an attractive primate corpse in Saudi Arabia?
What's Donald Trump's Favorite Nut?
Why do they say cleanliness is next to godliness?
Why do elephants paint their testicles red?
What is the difference between a paycheck and your penis?
What's black on the bottom and white on the top?
What do you get when a woman has a yeast infection and some air trapped in her vagina?
Why did the baker have smelly hands?
What is the dumbest animal in the jungle?
What do you call a crowned man in gridlock?
A group of cattle are taking a road trip; who drives?
When does an average north Indian loses his virginity?
What do you call a group of north Indians?
What do you call it when someone gets covered by a landslide?
What did the dance instructor say to her student when the student wanted to use her bathroom?
What happened when five fat French men got in the lifeboat?
Why doesn't anybody like feminist picnics?
How do Chinese people laugh?
Had ur lunch?
What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW?
Why is a mute girl the best girlfriend?
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb?
How do you get a vegan to eat meat?
Why was the photographer arested?
What do you call an Asian boy with downs?
What do you call a very flexible grizzly bear?
What do you call a woman who can't draw?
Did you hear the one about the iphone 7 headphone jack?
Why don't Germans like humour?
What do you call a Japanese Cougar with exceptional taste?
What's the difference between a guy with carry on luggage and a photon?
Why can't african kids watch Dragon Ball Z?
What does a retired Olympic sprinter have in common with Bernie Sanders?
Why do they call it the Xbox360?
How do you know when your gf is too young?
What do you mean he's your half son?
If dogs are man's best friend, and jewelry is a women's best friend, what is a hermaphrodite's best friend?
What do boys and algebra have in common?
Did you guys hear about the constipated mathematician?
What's the problem with Java jokes?
What do you call a German with a bad attitude?
What do you call the cool, terroristy Muslims?
What did the boy with no arms and no legs get for Christmas?
What do the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common?
[OC] Why does the NSA hate winter?
What does the shy little pebble wish for?
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the titanic?
Why is Santa in such a bad mood?
What's someone who hates underwear's favorite song?
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump?
What milk does a coward make?
There are so many obnoxious people in the world, but do you know who really drives me to drink?
What do you call a fat black person?
what do you get when you cross a mountain climber and an elephant?
Why did a lightbulb in the candy store go out?
What's a difference between a oral and a rectal thermometer?
Why do cows have bells?
What did the cheese say to its reflection?
Do you know how to spot a clickbait?
How many graduate students does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
[religion]What's the difference between Jezus and a picture of Jezus?
What do you call a 5 year old without any friend?
What's the difference between Colin Kaepernick and a martyr?
Excuse me, are you interested in courses on ancient Egypt?
How can you tell when a singer is trying to get into their house?
Want to hear a joke?
What's Hitler's favorite letter?
How was school today ??
How can you make gay people curious?
What happens when you have 3 cigarettes on a boat and you throw one off?
Why can't children watch pirate movies?
Did you hear about that guy who was in an accident and lost his left-side?
How many tropical Birds Does it take to Screw in a Lightbulb?
How do you think the unthinkable?
What kind of music do wind turbines listen to?
What do you call a bunch of liberals protesting the second amendment?
Have you heard about the Trump supporter who went to college?
Who's bigger, Mr. Bigger or Mr. Bigger's baby daughter?
Would you pass the tea?
If piss comes from my bladder and semen comes from my balls, what comes from my finger?
Hey dude, what do you cut down a tree with?
What's a gay man's favorite part of Cape Cod?
What is the difference between Bill Clinton and Bill Cosby?
You know what I can't stand?
If an ant smells bad, what is it called?
What's red and bad for your teeth?
Why do police in the US carry a tazer and pepper spray?
What's the difference between a teacher and a train?
Why do you not play Uno with Mexicans?
How many jokes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How do lesbians cut their clothes?
What do you do when an epileptic is having a seizure in the bathtub?
Did you ever hear of the ex-monk who kept finding himself putting on his monk clothes in the morning?
Did you hear about the millennial pharmacist that got fired?
What do you say to a soldier who doesn't turn up for Camouflage training?
What do you call a homosexual Muslim man in space?
What's another word for double-dating?
Why is leather armour the best for sneaking?
Did you hear about the guy with a premature ejaculation problem?
Did you know that Princess Diana was on her cell phone when she died?
How do you know your wife is dead?
Why do some people cough alot?
Why aren't you studying, Billy?
How do you confuse an idiot?
What crime do trans gender people commit?
little son knows How to scare parents?
Wife: Do you want to tap us?
Why are elephants big, grey, and wrinkley?
[religion] Why did Jesus die on the cross?
Did you know cows and moose are related?
How can you tell if someone is schizophrenic?
What happens when i find a good joke?
If George Washington Carver became a teacher, what would his nickname be?
What is strong enough for a man but made for a woman?
What's the difference between a school and an ISIS training camp?
What do you call a bikini clad conspiracy theorist?
What did Batman say to Robin before getting into the car?
What do you call a cat that has boils on its skin and can't feel it's toes?
Why did I get divorced?
What's the best thing about Sweden?
What's a pedophile's favorite weather phenomenon?
What's your favourite animal?
What's the difference between a Zippo and a Bic lighter?
What did the natives say when they discovered a Yeti living amongst them in their village?
What did the watermelon say to the honeydew?
Why was the priest also an imam?
What brand of underwear did Jesus wear?
What's your mom's favorite seafood resturant?
Whats the difference between a murder and Hamlet performed by geese?
Why didn't Ann Frank finish her diary?
Why does Jew population suffer more from ADHD ?
How does a grizzly catch fish?
what's the difference between Donald trump and road kill?
What do you call a 58 year old man that has sex with a 9 year old girl?
How many Vietnam vets does it take to change a light bulb?
How much do pirates charge for corn?
hi What did the failed Swedish chef say?
Which rock band always wash their hands before a concert?
What do you call it when Batman skips Church?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
What's something a white person says a lot, but a black person never says?
Do you have a brother named Humphrey?
What do you call a stupid kid in pre-school?
What kind of music venues do gun lovers like the most?
What's the best way to carve wood?
Why did the mexican girl get pregnant?
Why can't Jesus eat M&Ms?
Which profession has the worst sense of humour?
How high can you kick a baby?
Why did the faucet turn on?
What's the difference between Chris Christie and Ivanka Trump submissively bent over Donald's bed?
Why did Barty Crouch Jr. quit drinking?
how many /r/jokes user does it take to repost a joke?
What do you call a gorilla in water?
What do you get if you microwave welsh horse crap?
What's you experience with "Friends with benefits"?
What is Jose Cuervo's favorite book?
What's Harambe's favourite retail store?
What do you call four black guys hanging in a barn?
What's blue and hangs from a tree in my yard?
What do you call an obese suicide bomber?
what does Geico and your girlfriend have in common?
Why don't ghosts have legs?
Why didn't Jesus have any children?
Want to be moved for free?
What did the cholo say when two houses fell on top of him?
Why don't blind people skydive?
What do you call a hookers fart?
Did you guys hear that Republicans are trying to end racism?
What's the difference between a chick pea and a potato?
How do you know you're on the phone with a meth head?
What's black, cheap, and not worth a damn?
What is a guy with multi-tasking called?
What do you call a meeting exclusively attended by pine, juniper and fir trees?
What did the pirate say on his eightieth birthday?
How are children like cellphones?
Why cant train drivers be sentenced to the electric chair?
What did you do in Iran?
How many /r/Jokes users does it take to make a Joke?
Why is an aborted baby so hard to fool?
Why did everyone turn away when the race car drove past?
What do you call someone who is attracted to Middle Easterns?
What did the American biscuit say to the British biscuit?
What's the difference between a man falling from 100ft and a man falling from 10ft ?
What do you call a Samsung 7 user taking a selfie?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
What's the difference between a 4chan user and a Cuck?
Why did the blonde tie magnets to her fishing pole?
What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea?
What do you call a place where a black person sleeps?
How often to wizard journalists get paid?
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
Did you know light travels faster than sound?
How do you communicate with a fish?
Why can't a Samsung be disguised as an iPhone?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
How to piss off the whole r/Jokes community?
What's a paedophile's favourite musical scale?
Who are the fastest readers?
What's grey and comes in pints?
Why did Tim Cook fire an unpaid intern lately?
What does Miley Cyrus eat on Thanksgiving?
What do the Japanese do during erections?
What triggers feminists?
How much does it cost to kill Tony Stark's parents?
What is the difference between Trump and Hillary?
What do you call Nicky Minaj's ass?
What do you call 2 horses side by side in a stable?
What's the best thing about banging 28 year olds?
What's the difference between a drummer and a toilet?
What do you call a brain surgeon that had a C- average?
What do Reddit Users and Olive Oil have in common?
Why didn't George like driving through tunnels with people in his car?
Why is Mortal Kombat X popular among SJWs?
What do you call a former member of ISIS?
What's big but small?
Ever notice how there's not many jokes about steaks?
How does a coat steal something?
Did you hear that Hillary dropped out of the presidential race?
What did drunk say to the blonde?
Why is the Flying Spaghetti Monster made out of pasta?
What did the tool box say to the hammer?
How does a feminist change a light-bulb?
Why is Papyrus taller then Sans?
Whats an inmates favorite vegetable?
Why don't robots have brothers?
How many cops does it take to screw in a light-bulb?
Why are there no black CIA agents?
Why wasn't Jesus born in the USA?
What's a redditors worst fear?
What do you call three potassiums?
What do you call 'looking for a Korean'?
Dad: Son, where were you at school hours?
How does Moses get his tea ready?
Why is Steam called Steam?
How come I didn't get upset when the Indian restaurant got my order wrong?
How do you save a pirate's life?
What's typically orange, has a green top, is pointed at one end, grows in the ground, and is normally 15-30cm long?
What's the best way to kill your Mother-in-law?
Did you know?
When’s the worst time to eat candy?
Interviewer: How would you handle a complaint from a customer?
What do T-Rex's do for a living?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What was Hitler's favorite animal?
Who was the first striker?
Why can Kylie Jenner see right through Caitlin?
What happens to a necrophiliac after death?
How does a Marxist jack off?
Did you know you can't watch porn on the IPhone 7?
What's the most frustrating part about being a sheep farmer?
What do you call it when Harrison Ford gets heatburn?
What was Michael Jackson's favourite musical key?
What does a girl want more than anything in the world?
What's the best way to get gum out of your hair?
Did you hear that Trump said he'd eliminate food safety regulations?
What's the difference between a mixologist and a bartender?
What does Pikachu say when he puts too much salsa on his food?
You guys hear about the new corduroy pillows?
What does the chicken do to get through college?
What sound does a street sweeper make?
If a physicist named Lebowski discovered a particle, what would it be called?
Who sell the products cheaper – a manufacturer or a distributor?
Why did the iPhone 7 cross the road?
What do women and computers have in common?
What does the Rose iphone 7 and the Titanic have in common?
Why are hurricanes named with female names?
What do seal hunters and teens have in common?
Why did the Mexican take Xanax?
Why do telescopes like the Moon so much?
What do you call the belief that one kind of shoe is better than another?
What did one cell say to his sister cell who stepped on his toe?
What do you call a folder of child pornography?
Why do Muslim women not say amen?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do you call a very small villain?
Which rock band has 4 people but doesn't make music?
What mathematical cube can you cook with?
What's the difference between a prostitute and a drug addict?
What is a businessman's favorite game?
What is ez to cook?
What do you call a dog who can do magic?
Why did the fox cross the road?
Is it a bird? Is it a plane?
How many Donald Trumps does it take to screw in a light bulb?
You know how some dogs turn around several times before lying down and going to sleep?
Where's the loneliest place on earth at?
What happens when you mix human DNA with goat DNA?
What does R. Kelly tell little girls on Halloween?
What do you call the moisture build-up between two cousins having sex?
Have you tried the new Mountain Dew flavor?
What is the difference between Hillary Clinton and the hookers in downtown Little Rock?
Where does Dracula keep his tools?
Why don't DJs make good pirates?
What's the difference between a northern fairytale and a southern fairytale?
What is a fitting name for an arrogant mohel?
What do you call a blind deer?
What options does an abortionist have to get ashore?
Which wrestler's weakness is the rain?
Why did the JavaScript programmer need glasses?
Want to hear a bad knock knock joke?
What is it called when you buy drapes over the phone?
What do a gynecologist and a pizza delivery boy have in common?
If pro is the opposite of con.. Then what is the opposite of progress?
Why did the old lady fall into the well?
The worst mix of diseases?
What did the Spanish Gorilla say at lunch time?
Why did Donald Trump love the new iPhone 7?
What do you call a Blonde in the dirt?
How I get my dick to be 12 inches?
What do you call a submissive who likes to bark like a dog?
Why couldn't the pirate learn the alphabet?
Wanna hear why I love Dorian Gray jokes?
Why didnt the toilet paper cross the road?
Whats the worst thing to hear when you have explosive diarrhea?
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun?
What did the tv say to the other tv?
Why do Americans order their dates Month/Day/Year?
Groaner I came up with, my apologies. Why did the dog go to the funeral?
How do you fit 4 gay people on a barstool?
What's the difference between a chick pea and a lentil?
What did Abe Lincoln say after a night of drinking?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Why didn't the triangle go outside to get a tan?
What is Hitler's favourite hobby??
Why aren't anal sex jokes funny?
Do cannibals prefer red or white wine with dinner?
What is a Jewish pedophiles pickup line?
What's a whale's favourite brand of hair gel?
What do you call a fly with no wings?
Why did the riot police get to work early?
What do call a cup when drank from by a married woman?
Did you hear the joke about the pencil?
What did the lighter color shade tell to its dark lover?
Have you guys heard of the new store "moderation"?
What do Indian Flowers grow?
What do you call promoting a broom to the highest rank in the military?
What do you call an idiot?
What did the Pimp say to the stoned prostitute at the end of the night?
How are vegans okay with drinking water?
Why is camping considered an intense sport?
Who's the healthiest member of the Army?
What's Mario's favorite fruit?
What do a bungee jump and a hooker have in common?
Did you hear about Dr. Dank?
Why was the communist arrested?
What do you call Harper Lee's Mexican flying animal?
What do you get when toss a hand grenade into a French kitchen?
Did you hear about the guy who wanted to be reincarnated as a stud?
Which internet search engine does Chandler from Friends use?
What does an English pimp do, after having tea and crumpets?
What's the difference between Sammy and Scooby-Doo?
How did the sperm cross the road?
What is bigfoots favorite thing to eat?
have you seen the clown that hides from arseholes in asda?
What's the definition of divorce?
What is Bruce Lee's favorite food?
What did Hillary Clinton's running mate say when reporters asked him his name?
What four letter word starts with F ends in K and if you can't get it you have to use your hands or fingers...?
What machine do you need to make a girl fall in love with you ?
Why was the Taiwanese business man so stressed out?
Why are there walls around a cemetery?
What's Hillary Clinton's favorite pizza place?
What's the difference between a tuna, a piano, and some glue?
What did one eyeball say to the other?
Does your mom work at McDonald's?
Have you been to the two shop oddities market?
Why do they want to relocate the Sistine chapel in Boston?
How does a black mother tell her children apart?
how do you know a Ethiopian beens drinking?
What's a bigamist?
What do you call a Muslim flying a plane?
What's black and white and red all over?
How do you tell two witches apart?
What's the number one comeback on r/Jokes?
Do you know why single women cant fart?
What does Mike Tyson do after 10pm?
How do you count cows?
Did anyone else hear about that horror style remake Scotland did of "Sleepless in Seattle"?
Why do midgets giggle when running through a field?
What's the difference between a baloon and a condom?
Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have sex with his wife?
How many dead hookers does it take to replace a light bulb?
What's the most insensitive nickname you can give a person with diabetes?
What happens if Hillary Clinton gets so sick she dies before the general election?
What's the best part about dating a black girl?
How was copper wire invented?
Why are Jedi kids so fat?
Why are some of the richest people also the fattest?
How come Chinese people dont have phone books?
Why did Jesus stop playing hockey?
When do you REALLY know you need to break up with you GF?
Whats a Joke with no Punchline?
What did Hillary have for lunch the other day?
What did the mermaid forget to bring to the maths lesson?
Did you hear about the sequel to Schindler's List set after his death?
Why couldn't Oscar save the Greek Jewish Popodopolous brothers suring the war?
Baby are you on the waiver wire?
Why did the farmer win an award?
What do Starbucks customers that can't go through the drive thru get on their pumpkin spice latte?
What do you call a pig on the Beach?
Did you know that dogs can't get MRI's?
Why did the old lady fall in the well?
What did the super-strong chlorella ask the moderately-weak chlorella?
How did Rihanna find out Chris Brown was cheating on her?
Did you hear about the 120-pound guy with the 60-pound ballsack?
What does Tim Cook have for breakfast in the morning?
What's the difference between a Warlock and a Sorcerer?
Why is your nose in the middle of your face?
What's the name of the elite hacking group from Canada?
Why was Jack scared?
How does a paralympian call home, after winning a medal?
How do you organize a party in space?
Who else have gone through this Sarcasm?
Why is a miscarriage like a shitty pizza?
How do Mexicans cut their pizza?
What is the best pickup line for Rwandans?
Why did the elephant sit on the marshmallow?
What kind of gardening is done in the hood?
What do you call a boy with no arms and legs in the middle of the ocean?
What's the best pokemon in pokemon go?
What is the design philosophy of the iPhone 7?
You know what's the common thing between iPhone 7 and the board on Titanic?
What's the difference between a redneck, and a SJW?
How do you get a fire started?
What do you call a steak that is a girl?
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist?
What's your view on lesbians?
What's red and invisible?
What's Trump's least favourite vegetable?
Notice anything?
Do you know the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
What advice would you give to a fish?
How do you say constipated in german?
What do you call a lazy kangaroo?
What is the skin on you forearm called?
Why are NASCAR drivers good at cunnilingus?
Why did the video of the eighth note get taken off of youtube?
A kid asks his dad, "what's the difference between 'realistically' and 'potentially'"?
Why did Joey fall of the swing?
Did you hear about the priest that got knighted?
What do you call a gay drive-by?
What does it take to start a rave in Ethiopia?
You know that problem people have where they eat whatever is in front of them?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl urinate?
If a kiss is first base, and making love is a home run, what do you call a threesome?
Why does ACDC prefer Android to Apple?
Is sex work?
Why would I donate £2 to save a kid's life?
What do you call two gay Irishmen?
Why couldn't Hillary Clinton keep up her US presidential campaign?
What's al Qaeda's favorite football team?
What did the math teacher tree say to the music teacher tree?
What did the grape say when the elephant stepped on it?
What's for dinner?
Why don't snakes have legs?
What's the difference between being hungry and horny?
Is the world manichean or relativist ?
What's the weather like in Iraq ?
What do you call a Jewish Ginger?
Why was William killed when he entered the army?
Why did the farmer's bucket keep singing songs?
What do you call a prude's bra?
What did the grocery clerk say when he bumped his head when he was in the freezer?
Why do Americans suck at Dota 2?
Why was Heisenberg's wife unhappy?
What do you call someone who hangs out with musicians?
Did you hear Kim Jong Un banned sarcasm?
How do I invest in the Umbrella Corporation?
What do you call the boyfriend of a beheaded prositute?
How many Vietnam veterans does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did Patrick's girlfriend have to go to the doctor?
What was the last pizza order at the Twin Towers?
Why was the fish swimming alone?
What do you call LeVar Burton that survived months of being lost in the wilderness?
Why don't atheists use exponents?
Did you guys hear the joke about the stunt man's flame?
How do Muslims laugh?
Why is the US terrible at league of legends?
What's the most original subreddit ever?
Is it okay to post Islam jokes?
What Saudi funded event ended in a massive collapse on 9/11?
What's funnier than a dead baby?
What do Hillary Clinton and the World Trade Center have in common?
Why did the baby cross the road?
What happens to a desert-dwellers main transportation when it has been parked in one spot for too long?
Why are the twin towers and genders so similar?
What do you call a 53 year old who has sex with a 9 year old?
What was the first thing Adam said to Eve?
How many lawyers does it take to change a lightbulb?
How does the leper give directions?
What's incredibly fast and smells like curry?
What does toilet paper and office paper have in common?
What has 4 legs but cant move?
What do you call two Chinese government massacres?
What was Osama Bin Laden's name before he was killed?
What do you call a guy with no shins?
What was the last thing going through the minds of the 9/11 jumpers before they died?
Why should men not engage in esports while horny?
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11?
Why are 9/11 victims the best readers?
What do you call fans of the new iPhone 7?
Why did God create man?
What's the difference between a everyone and a bullet?
Why did the Stormtrooper buy an iPhone?
What do you call a sleepwalking nun?
You know when you get that urge to eat something just because it's there?
What did the troll say to the new user who accidentally made a repost?
What's a the number one cause of death for birds?
Why do I watch the Cosby show?
Why was six afraid of seven?
What do Japanese people do during an erection?
What’s the difference between ignorance and apathy?
Whale you be my Valentine?
Why would 12:00 make the best cop?
What is Apple's favorite song?
How many ants does it take to fill an apartment?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
Is it possible for God to be a Cheeto Puffed?
What do you call a smart guy in US?
Why isn’t suntanning an Olympic sport?
What does a stegosaurus eat off of?
How did the nervous female organ that was going to Hollywood feel?
Interviewer: What hobbies do you have outside of school?
Did you see planet of the apes?
What's the most popular sports channel in Mexico?
How do you make five pounds of fat fun?
How does Greenland win a war?
Which weighs more, a 100 pounds of gold or a 100 pounds of feathers?
Wanna hear a dirty joke?
Did you hear about the Irishman that was attacked by a carpenter?
What did the door say to the other door?
Why do riot police like to get to work early?
Why can't you tell jokes to kleptomaniacs?
Why is a baker's dozen 13 instead of 12?
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow?
What food makes women stop having sex?
what's the difference between an alcoholic and a junkie?
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a Bonobo Monkey?
Why did the kids not receive presents for Christmas?
What do Indian girls have at sleepovers?
Did you know that our number system is from the Arabians?
Why do all black men have nightmares?
What's worse than ants in your pants?
What do you call a band of unlucky politicians?
9/11 Who?
How does my vegetarian girlfriend get her source of protein?
What's the deal with black people?
What's the difference between a Mercedes and Princess Diana?
Why did the geologist get divorced?
Did you hear about the rabbit with OCD?
Why was the photo acquitted in his trial at court?
What do you call a radio that walks?
What's the hardest part when watching a toddler burn to death?
What does snowman say to the other snowman?
Who do you call during a Zika virus emergency?
WHAT DO WE WANT!?
What does Iphone7 and spermbank have in common?
How did you sleep?
What do KKK and intensive training have in common?
What is a heroin addict's favorite website?
Did you hear about that poor gymnast's bank account?
Did you hear about the man that had his entire left side cut off?
What did the muslim say to the other muslim when they were surfing?
What's it called when you make sure you don't spill the wine?
Where do bloods never want to get buried?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
Have you heard about the humble farmer?
Why did Apple employee get away jacking off in the office?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What do you call a bad Russian pool player?
What do you call a fat psychic?
What did the Apple Phone designer do when he got home?
How many Android users does it take to buy an iPhone?
That's the difference between tech support and a mass shooter?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Why was Napoleon's last name Bonaparte?
What kind of shrimp does Chris Brown like?
What's the difference between a black man and Batman?
What did the ISIS leader gift to all his followers?
What did the PEE CLUB SOCIETY said to me on the taster session?
What do Twitter users and regular humans have in common?
Why do Apples new headphones look like tampons?
What happens when you offend a professor of various human aspects?
Why did the chicken lock itself in the freezer?
Why cant Schizophrenics be alcoholics?
Why is it so hard for men to get on Christian Mingle?
Why are Americans bad at chess?
What does a boat have in common with a ballsack?
What did the optimistic cancer patient say about his tumor?
What happens to Germans when they eat too many lemons?
What's got two legs, spots and bleeds?
How Many Friendzoned Guys Does It Take To Change A Lightbulb?
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
What do Apple and Titanic have in common?
Why are leprechauns always laughing?
How did the serpent tempt Eve to eat the apple ?
What do a d20 and my penis have in common?
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a lightbulb?
What is the difference between a Snowman and a Snowwoman?
What does it mean when a man is in your bed gasping for breath and calling your name?
How does a bimbo commit suicide?
Why are there so many female archaeologists?
What has eight arms and an IQ of 60?
Why doesn't Texas float away into the Gulf of Mexico?
What's the difference between an epileptic corn farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea?
What do you call a potato in space?
What do you call a black man in space?
What did Samsung say to Apple?
What do you call a Microbiologist who travels the world?
What does a gay orgy sound like?
Can a human outrun a Cheetah?
What's the difference between the people and bullets?
What do you call an essay in a flash drive???
Why aren't there any feminists in Japan?
Hillary and Trump crash in a plane, who survives?
What's the most surprising advancement in tech?
What are facts about canines we must believe?
How does Donald Trump screw in a light bulb?
Why did the gay man take two aspirin with his Viagra?
What's the difference between E.T and illegal immigrants?
How does a feminist kill a spider?
Wanna hear a joke?
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why are the new iPhones so skinny?
Why do ghosts get invited to parties?
How many monkeys does it take to write a Shakespeare novel by accident?
What do you say to give an electrician encouragement?
Did you hear about the paperboy who used to masturbate on the job?
Have you ever had hemorrhoids?
How many Hillary Clinton fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump are on a deserted island. Who survives?
What do you get when you're sick in Italy?
How do you fit 20 Jews in a car?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
How do you make Hitler cry?
Do You Drink Beer?
what's the difference between an epileptic corn husker, and a hooked with diarrhea?
How do you find a blind guy on a nude beach?
How do you keep idiots waiting?
What do you call a bond...?
What do Greek teenagers say?
Why did Boba Fett work alone?
What did the lactose intolerant guy say after having a glass of milk?
What do you call a can made in Mexico?
How does a muslim man close a door?
What does a feminist and a landmine have in common?
What superhero consists of only 16 atoms?
Why are there no headache pills in Troy?
How do you know that you're a peaceful country?
Have you guys heard about the new store called moderation?
What do you call a small black person?
What's the difference between humans and bullets?
What do you call two bobs that are sexually related?
Have you ever heard the joke about the three wells?
Why did the Mexican take Xanax?
What's brown and sticky?
Why do riot police like to get to work early?
What do you call a Messiah that enjoys pain?
How can you tell a dark chocolate bar is male?
Why does Helen Keller masturbate with one hand?
How did the english teacher know his student was pregnant?
What's the worst thing about being a black jew?
If anger from hunger is called "hanger", what is sadness called?
what do you call an alligator in a vest?
Why do donuts have holes in the center?
A man goes into a bar with his dog...........?
What does Ukraine have in common with the iPhone 7?
Where's is Shaq's appearance most terrifying?
3 men in a boat with 4 cigarettes but no way to light them. What do they do?
Why do midgets always fight?
How many stream cleaners does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why did the donut go to the dentist?
What do you call a Chinese billionaire?
Is There a War?
How do you break a blondes nose?
What does 7-11 have in common with women?
How many IT professionals does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you do when you see a Flock of Seagulls?
What's the difference between Paul Walker and my computer?
What do you call a garbage man who kidnaps women?
What did the uncle give his 9 year old, blind and deaf niece for her birthday?
What's the difference between a golf ball and a G spot?
What's brown and sticky?
How do you make holy water?
What's worse than having ants in your pants?
Do you suffer under post traumatic stress disorder and panic attacks?
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball?
Why are there so many female archeologists?
Why did Adele cross the road?
You realize that Islam is a religion of peace right??
How do you take a Mexican family portrait?
What are golfers afraid of?
How do you cook a deer?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
When Chris brought over his musl*m girlfriend to meet the family, what did they say?
What did the failed suicide bomber say when he was being hauled away by the police?
What do you do if a bird shits on your windscreen?
Why was the man arrested for having his skin flute played?
What's the difference between fighting on the internet and participating in the paralympics?
What role was SHia Lebouf going to play in suicide squad?
Hey guys do you believe in the Zodiac?
Did you hear about the drug dealer with arthritis?
How do you get a Jewish girl's number?
What's the difference between a ginger girl and a vampire?
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer?
Did you hear about the kidnapping?
Interviewer: Where were you born?
What do you call a black woman who has had 8 abortions?
Did you hear about the new LSU Visa card coming out?
On which side of the road do you drive?
Who is a Chinese feminist's least favorite Winnie the Pooh character?
Do you know who cries the most during the end of Titanic?
What's the difference between a feminist and Brexit?
What did the letter O say to the letter Q?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
What is Sean Murray's favorite song ?
British Bake-Off?
How many guys in the Friendzone does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do pizzas and parents have in common?
How does an angry Muslim close the door?
Student: Could I be trouble for something I didn't do?
What do pizzas and parents have in common?
Who is Superman's brother?
Why did man invent curling?
whats the score when 10 mexicans shoot 10 black men?
Why isn't Hitler invited to any barbecues?
What do you call a confused Asian?
Does anyone else have a really hard time having a conversation on a carousel?
Charlie has 3 chocolates in the morning and 8 chocolates at night, what does he have?
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
If you could have a Dodge Viper or the girl of your dreams, what colour would it be?
What does a redditor say when they see a YouTube link they can't click on?
Why are french rifles always in great condition?
How many PETA members does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why did Beyoncé sing "to the left, to the left"?
What does an Internet frog say?
What's Cain's favorite genre of music?
What do you call an Asian man with one leg?
What's the difference between a gay guy and a freezer?
What do you call two homeless people hitting each other with garbage bags?
Do you have eggs for breakfast?
Why is Donald Trump investing in cloning, choirs, aviaries, and bakeries?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How does Stephen Hawking commit suicide?
How do you kill a weightlifting ostrich?
Why is the sea so salty?
What do you call a slutty horse?
What do you call a fart from Donald Trump?
What do you call a city full of neckbeards?
Did you hear ab the cat who climbed the tree outside the bank?
What's the difference between an Indian chef and a politician?
Whats the difference between a Windows computer and My penis?
Why does the nudist always go to bed early?
What did Peyton say to his younger brother when he didn't understand him?
Why does Missouri share borders with the most amount of States?
What is a redditor's best character in Super Smash Brothers?
Who wants to hear a joke about potassium?
Do clickbaits really work?
How much did the pirate pay for corn?
How did Zarathustra introduce his peanut-based health drink?
What do computers and reincarnation have in common?
What does the physicist have to eat when he goes to the pub?
What's the difference between bullets and people?
What do you call a black rapper with no future?
What's the difference between bullets and people?
What's the cheapest type of meat?
What does AIDS stand for?
What do you call a large group of tan and black dogs passing through Deutschland?
My opinion on mediums where ideas and views on a particular issue can be exchanged?
What do you call a black abortion clinic?
What do you call a person who's happy on a Monday?
What's white on top and black on the bottom?
How do you spot a blind guy in a nudist colony?
What’s the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps?
Why is Dick short for Richard?
What do all men at single's bars have in common?
What is a blonde's favorite vegetable?
Planning on using a last generation CPU for your PC build?
What did the 0 say to the 8?
What's the quickest way to kill 100 Mexicans?
What does the earth say to the moon during a solar eclipse?
What do kazoos and my father have in common?
How did Henry V reload his rifle?
Did Trump make the right choice when choosing his VP?
Girl, are you an HM move?
What's the difference between a baby and a sandwich?
What does the internet need to take when its constipated?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How many Jews does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a Jewish pokemon trainer?
How do you get to a position of power in a science lab?
What do you call a war between two cannibal tribes?
How do you see if the Ken doll is ticklish?
What does an egg say when it's drunk?
What do you call someone who blows himself up by accident?
Did you know there is a species of antelope capable of jumping higher than the average house?
Want to hear a joke about pizza?
What's the motto for Child Protective Services?
What do you get an undertaker for a wedding gift?
Why is Max always late?
What's the difference between Iron Man And Iron Woman?
Why are gay men so well dressed?
What happens when a rock gets high?
Want to hear a joke about construction?
If you call someone from America American and someone from Mexico Mexican what do you call someone from Tibet?
Who makes the music for the Marvel movies?
Why did Helen Keller only masturbate with one hand?
Why can't you email a photo to a Jedi?
Did you hear about the dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac?
What's life like with alchohol?
What's a tents favorite kind of meat?
What's the difference between racism and asians?
What's a horses favourite condiment?
why does the official Reddit app aways crash?
What do you call violence in the kitchen?
Did you hear about the contortionist who filed for bankruptcy?
What's the difference between a Goodyear tire and 365 condoms?
What was the philosopher's last thought before he descended into quicksand?
Don't you hate it when you already know the flow of the joke?
Why are Samsung phones so popular?
How do Medieval sheep protest prisons?
What's the difference between an arts graduate and a pizza?
What's the best part about dating a homeless women?
What kind of mic did Kurt Cobain use?
What do you call a magic owl?
What personal question is not obvious yet nobody has ever needed to ask anyone?
What do you call it when you paid all your bills?
Did you guys hear about the kidnapping?
Do you know where russians get their milk?
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy?
Why did nobody want to be around Hitler?
Why did the feminist fail in programming?
What's the best version of Microsoft Office?
What do you call it when someone leaves at the first sign of a hurricane?
What is condemned and overused yet as inescapable as a black hole?
France and Italy Go to War. Who Wins?
What do you call an unsweetened, kosher lemonade?
What's Obama's favorite word?
What do you call a huge pair of tits you want to see but never get a chance to?
Why are there so many Redditor archeologists?
What do you get if you cross a river with a bridge?
What does Tammy Wynette do to beat the heat?
What's better than winning a gold medal at the Special Olympics?
What do you do in a master bathroom?
What do you call the security at a Samsung store?
How can you tell if a Canadian is an existentialist?
[Game of Thrones] How do you ask a Northerner if they are of noble descent?
Where is Engagement, Ohio?
Who do you call if Everlast is having a heart attack?
How did the grandpa get rid of his sweet tooth?
Where does a redditor's slutty girlfriend hide her other boyfriend?
What did the pirate say when he was accepted into flight school?
How many Jews fit in a car?
What's a mailman's favorite country?
Who won the first Tour de France?
What did Hitler say to his annoying friend?
What's a Monk's favorite breakfast food?
What do you call a gay Eskimo ?
Why is a beer like a woman?
Why were there so many Hawaiian lei's at the funeral?
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and were in a fatal car crash, who survives?
What is the longest word in the English language?
What goes in God's Toilet?
Why did the baby cross the road?
How is it that rice originated from China to become a staple food for a large part of the world's human population?
What PC does Adele use?
What do the twin towers and gender have in common?
Whats the difference between a guy who has a new Mercedes and a guy who has an old Mercedes?
Did you hear about the drunken idiot who flew into a black hole?
Why did the French police arrested the Muslim teenager?
Does a Priest have a wife?
What is Samsung's next Note series phone after Note 7?
How do you make a baker cry?
What is Michael Bay's favorite phone?
Would you have sex with an alien?
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy?
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito?
Why is Donald Trump like a college football team in Tijuana?
Why should we make Gabe Newell president?
Why doesn't Mexico have an Olympic team?
What do you get when you put a number 1 and a number 2 on your calculator?
What did the animal control officer ask the Hawaiian dancer?
What does a guy with a big dick have for breakfast?
How do you piss of female archaeologists?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
Do you know what my name is?
Have you ever had Ethiopian food?
How many Pollyanna's does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do Betty Rubble and Fort Knox have in common?
What happens when a fork and a spoon get into a fight?
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippie?
What's does a photon and Donald Trump have in common?
What do you call a magic owl?
What did the asteroid say when his trajectory missed earth?
What do houses eat when their breath stinks?
What did the pastor say when informing two fruits that they couldn't marry?
How do you catch a terminator?
[OC] What do you call a rodent that sells illegal guns?
Why is Donald Trump's wig so expensive?
When ghosts attend a sex party, what is their favourite group activity?
How did Bourne send data to the CIA?
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo?
what do you call an unqualified baffoon with an incoherent agenda?
How do you know someone is good at gaming?
Where did all hookers come from?
When do you know a kid has grown up?
Why did the blonde have bruises around her belly button?
What do you get when you cross Henry VIII and Vlad the Impaler?
What's the difference between a truck full of marbles and a truck full of babies?
What's the difference between a stoat and a weasel?
What does a gay horse eat?
What do you call a whore that actually moans?
Why did Sally drop her ice cream?
What's the difference between Trump and a pile of shit?
Why are cemeteries surrounded with walls?
What did the zombie farmer say he wanted?
Why is Pokemon quite realistic?
What is a pirates nightmare date?
What hangs at a man's thigh and wants to poke holes that it's often poked before?
Why do pirates love football so much?
What can a man do that is physically impossible for women to accomplish?
What do you call a snake that works in the government?
What's the last thing that goes through a bugs mind when it hits your windshield?
But what is Vsauce?
Why can't Hellen Keller drive?
What do you call a trucker that doesn't drive anymore?
How do you piss off a Hun?
What did the undergrad title his paper about the philosophy of pornography?
Did you know?
Why are volcanoes mischievous?
Do you remember that episode of The Lone Ranger where Tonto got Alzheimer's?
What do you call a dwarf that was on fire?
Why is Texas the "Lone Star" state?
Why did the one-armed man cross the road?
What did the girl with no hands get for her birthday?
What animal has five legs?
Why was Freud a bad poker player?
Why did the sperm cross the road?
What's green and red?
What is the meaning of life?
What did the little black kid say when he had diarrhea?
What do tampons and renaissance art have in common?
What's 10 inches long and white?
What's black, jobless, homeless, fatherless, and has no life?
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob?
Why did they kill Harambe?
How Were People Born?
What did the the dad say to the feminist?
What's the only mammal that can breathe under ice?
Why are sloths so green?
Why was six scared of seven?
Have you ever been to New York?
What does a flower in a race car yell?
Why did Helen Keller's dog kill itself?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What did the Windows user say to his Linux terminal?
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun?
How do you offend a bald guy?
What do you call a mexican who is thankful to be sitting out in a field?
What's the water polo team's favorite song?
Why did the dolphin apologize?
What's Chris Brown's favourite drink?
What is the best part of an ISIS joke?
How many nice guys does it take to screw a lightbulb?
What's the integral of 1/(cabin)?
What crime did the man get charged with when he killed a black man?
What's the difference between a weatherman and a well-hung dick doctor?
Are you a pacifist?
what do you call a Muslim with no legs?
What's cooler than being cool?
How do you annoy a computer person with a problem?
How many non-binary gender-fluent people does it take to change an LED lightbulb?
What is the internal temperature of a tauntaun?
Guess What?
How do chickens have sex?
What do dark jokes and food have in common?
Whats the difference between Genders and The Twin Towers?
What do you call a coupon at Taco Bell?
Did you hear what happened to Lithium?
What did the O say to the Q?
The difference between BLM and the KKK?
Why would Donald Trump want to lose the election?
Why does the town pound keep animals in separate cages?
What's the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels?
How do you make holy water?
Why would Diana have made a good Queen?
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb?
What did Jessie say to Buzz after the condom broke?
Mixologists, bartenders, how to make a smoky manhattan?
Why did the chicken cross the playground?
What is black and when it falls, your heater is broken?
Did you hear about the guy who got hit on the head with a can of soda?
What do you call a British guy who throws a spear through the knee?
What did the Ottoman Sultan do when he got home from campaigning?
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia?
What is better than 10 dead babies in a trashcan?
How do you troll an archaeologist?
What's the difference between a penalty shot in basketball, and a tiny curly wig designed for a bug?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
Did you hear about the mathematician who became a monk?
What do you call a pessimistic horse?
What do you call a server at a funeral?
What is the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?
What's the worst thing about being a black Jew?
What is Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable?
What is Al Shabaab's theme song?
What do you call a fish that makes you an offer you can’t refuse?
What happened after 14-Year-Old Richie inherited his father's footwear empire?
What did Bill Clinton say to Monica Lewinsky after getting caught?
Why did the feminist's bakery go out of business?
Why shouldn't you tell a pirate your secrets?
Why doesn't a sociologist look out the window in the morning?
What do you call a blonde who dyes her hair?
How is /r/jokes like the green movement?
Why does Juan walk around the school like he owns the place?
What do you call a trio of Muslims?
What do you call a Nigerian gorilla?
What's the difference between a vitamin and a hormone?
What do Pink Floyd, Dale Earnhardt, and Donald Trump have in common?
What do you do if a blonde person throws a grenade at you?
How do you know Sia is Scottish?
What does a nosey pepper do?
Why are cemeteries surrounded with walls?
What's the best thing about dating twenty nine year olds?
How many sexual orientations does a physicist have?
What is Blackbeard and Captain Hooks favorite workout routine?
Why did Star Wars episodes 4, 5 and 6 come before 1, 2 and 3?
What do you call a fraud from North Carolina?
What do you call two Pakistanis in a sleeping bag?
Man Bun? or Douche Knot?
Where does one drown a hipster?
Have a Question about search engines?
What type of alcohol do they put in bomb shots?
Why will America be happier with Trump over Hillary?
What is 19 inches long and makes a woman scream and moan?
How does the motorcycle of a Ku Klux Klan member sounds like?
Why can't Saudi woman drive?
What did Kim Kardashian's right leg say to her left leg?
What’s the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms?
How did the thermal imaging camera warn the mountain-climber?
What's the difference between a terrorist and a feminist?
Why did the Welshman buy so many tampons at the store?
What do you do when you see a space man?
Does Obama have the authority to give away the Internet?
Why does a potato make a great detective?
What's black, white and red all over?
Why don't they play CS:GO in the jungle?
What's fat.. Ugly.. And looks like your girlfriend?
What is the similarity between Steve Job and Robb Stark?
What did Spock find in the toilet of the USS Enterprise?
What would Martin Luther King Jr. be if he was white?
What does a waffle call his complete existential paradigm shift?
What did the flower say when she was begged not to tell a secret?
Why don't you buy drugs from an Emo?
What's a Drummer's favorite food?
Did you hear the winner of the Mime world championships?
What's another word for rape ?
What do you call a body with no nose?
What's the best drug to have sex on?
What's the difference between pedophiles amd acne?
What do fish call a submarine?
Why did the baby system programmer like their new colourful blankie?
What was the psychologist's favorite band?
Where will the 400 pound gorilla sleep?
What should you never do in front of an alcoholic?
What's worse than ants in your pants?
What are Gene Wilder and David Bowie getting for Christmas this year?
Why are there so many good jokes about feminists?
How do you say car troubles in German?
What's the difference between the Earth and my sock?
What game should you play to get your mother's attention?
Doctor: Do you smoke?
Whats the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps?
How are Harambe memes keeping up?
What did Plaxico Burress say when he read Colin Kaepernick's Tweets?
Interviewer: You said you are quick in mathematics, could you tell me what is a two hundred and fifty times eighty whole divided by sixty nine?
Why couldn't the NSA whistleblower leave Moscow?
Why did Mozart kill all his chickens?
What happened to the Irishman who tried to blow up a school bus?
China has one of the largest manufacturing and exporting economies in the world. What product of theirs is most commonly exported?
how to get jew out of his hole?
If three Florida State football players are in the same car, who is driving?
Where does the pirate shop for his kid for Christmas?
What type of movie does a blind person watch?
Who is Nasir Kahns favorite comedian?
Can we get divorced in Heaven?
What do you call 2 black people on a bunk bed?
Tired of your job?
Interviewer: What's your greatest weakness?
Why do black people have nightmares?
What's a Jew's favorite brand of hotdog?
What's the best trade a palindrome has ever made?
Where do butt-pirates have sex?
What happens when a sane person posts on a far right sub and a far left sub?
What's the difference between kinky and perverted ?
What did the gay man say to the straight man who made fun of him for confessing he was gay?
What was the Jew's excuse for hitting her wife?
Joe, why haven't you tossed your hat in the ring for the presidential election?
What's black and brown on the inside and blue and white on the outside?
Why cant asians drive?
Anton, do you think I’m a bad mother?
Why does Waldo wear stripes?
Why did Vivaldi die poor?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
When do you kick a midget in the balls?
Did you hear about the guy in masturbation contest?
Knock Knock Knock!! Who's there?
Why'd the little girls ice-cream melt?
What's the deal with /r/worldnews?
What do you call a Mexican skeleton's favorite drug?
What is brown and sticky?
What does a tickle me Elmo get before it leaves the factory?
We all know the rooster calls 'cock-a-doodle-doo', but have you heard the gay rooster call?
What's hit more balls than David Beckham's right foot?
Why did the plumber kill himself?
Why couldn't the motorcycle make it home?
What's green?
What's the difference between astronomy and gastronomy?
There is a new virus which only affects Muslims.Where do they put the infected?
Why do feminist hate the bible?
Why was the feminist happy when the newspaper got it wrong?
Why wasn't the astronaut paying attention?
How do you clear a traffic jam at a banker convention?
What do Jesus and germs have in common?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What do we call the process which usually happens after a company deliberately sells a misleading product to its customers?
What did the sniper say to his wife when he came back from work?
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler?
What did the violin say when it finally played the music correctly?
What's the difference between a virgin and a lightbulb?
What is a gay jew's favourite bank?
Did the depressed rope maker succeed?
What's at the centre of No Man's Sky universe?
How do you stop a dog from screwing your leg?
Why didnt Jesus become a boxer?
Why is women’s soccer so rare?
What do you call it when a white man dancing has a seizure?
Why did the prostitute join the Mormon church?
Why did the Ethiopian child have a frown?
What does a redneck Buddhist believe in?
Why do black people have nightmares?
Why did the cow sign up for TSA precheck?
(Corny)-What do you call a mermaid on a roof?
What does a rock put on when it stinks?
What do you call a nun in a car?
What do you call a hen staring at lettuce?
How are cats like empty wine bottles?
What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of coordination?
What did Kim Jong Un say when his father died?
(Corny)-Why did the grave keeper build a fence around the grave yard?
Did you hear about that new liberal episcopal church?
How can you tell the difference between a catholic, a baptist, and a Methodist?
Did you know that Beethoven had a brother?
Wana hear a joke?
How do you pick up Jewish girls?
What do you call someone who takes things literally?
Jewish joke from the 1970s: What's the fastest thing on earth?
Why do clowns make bad entrepreneurs?
Why did the chicken fall in the well?
Why do Italian men wear gold chains?
What is the difference between everyone and bullets?
How does an Apple Watch owner know that it's midday?
Why did the cow return to the marijuana field?
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scotsman?
What's better than winning a gold medal at the Special Olympics?
What's red and sits in the corner?
A cop is confronted by a white guy with a gun and a black guy with a nerf bat. Who does he shoot first?
What is the volume of a disk with radius z and height a?
Why didn't the circle want to become 3 dimensional?
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you?
What is 2Chainz's favorite TV channel?
To where going Batman running fast?
What's a feminists favorite music festival?
Why Do Kids In High school Take Art?
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells?
What do you call a Russian barber?
How Do Priests Get High?
Did you hear about the Italian husband who was talking during his sleep?
What's Forest Gump's password?
How are Harambe and Hitler similar?
What's the difference between some people and a bucket of shit?
Where's the best place to find a dog with no legs?
Why can't orphans play baseball?
What do you call a pair of attractive succubi?
How does an Alabama girl know she’s in for a crazy night?
How do Russian sprinters train?
How do you know that an Asian has robbed your house?
What is Donald Trump's favourite ice cream?
What happened to all the funny chemistry puns?
Why was Joe disappointed when he read the newspaper in Washington?
What's Trump's favorite Olympic sport?
What do you call a Mexican baptism?
When does a hunger strike stop?
What should we call this giant advertising board?
What's the difference between everybody and bullets?
What did Pinocchio say to Rudolph when he asked him what he asked for Christmas?
How many billionaires does it take to make a superhero?
What's the difference between a political speech and a stand-up comic show?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
What did the Japanese WWII veteran say to the American WWII veteran when he got passed the salt?
Why do Jewish fathers have their sons circumcised?
What do you call a dinosaur that's in a hurry?
Hey Did you hear about the guy who got fired from the sperm bank?
Why couldn't the black, blind, uneducated toddler read?
What do you call a scam artist who uses his vocabulary to commit crimes?
It's National Dog Day and Women's Equality Day?
How long does it take to reach the ground from 110 stories up?
How many Bros does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call a 'shitpost' on twitter?
Why does a bride wear white on her wedding day?
What do you call Batman who skips church?
What do you call a Chinese guy with one leg?
What's matter in reverse?
Did you hear about the man who couldn't stop blowing his "duck call" whistle?
What do cows sit on?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a farting Russian?
Why was the kettle angry at the pot?
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle?
What do /r/jokes and a struggling glue business have in common?
How did the detective solve the case of the missing nun?
What is worse than a dude shooting cum on your floor?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did the drunk Mexican shoot his wife?
What's the difference between Hitler and Usain Bolt?
Which fruit can't get married?
How many dead schoolgirls does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's worse than a Redditor walking into a bar?
What did the scarecrow say when asked about his job?
What do you call a Fly without any wings?
How do you ruin a joke?
What does a thong and Donald Trump's toupee have in common?
What do you call an angry Reddit mod?
What has 5 legs and a big grin?
What do black men do after sex?
Why can't chinese people have phone directories?
whats Michael Jackson favorite movie genre?
What has 2 legs and bleeds?
Why do women prefer to bang UPS drivers over FedEx drivers?
How does a woman scare a gynecologist?
Why is the sand at the beach Wet?
What do Lumber jacks do in China?
In the Garden of Eden, Eve wore a fig leaf. Do you know what Adam wore?
Son : Dad.... This movie is so scary... Is that woman going to die??
What is the favorite number of french potheads?
Why do Mexican cars have such small steering wheels?
Is he My Son?
What do you call an overpriced and overhyped game?
Why does Germany have so many different kinds of bread?
Why does the bride wear white?
Where did Saddam Hussein keep all of his CDs?
Why women live longer than men?
Have you heard of the Onono?
Why are there no female Canadians?
What's the difference between my kiwi accent and a white South African accent?
What's the best way to ensure that Asia's senior citizens' pension programs are financially sound?
How did the bad Canadian fisherman describe his only catch of the day?
why did the teenage girl have to be home before dinner?
What do you call a prosthetic arm for a dog?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
If Captain America's Shield Is Made Out Out Adamantium, What's Hawkeye's Shield Made Out Of?
What is Donald Trump's favorite style of footwear?
What is the worst thing anyone can do to a blind man?
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?
How was copper wire invented?
Where do you always find Trans-Fats no matter where you look?
How many Libertarians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Dumb joke I came up with yesterday. What do you call it when two robots miscommunicate?
Why was the guy from 127 Hours arrested for espionage?
What did the cocaine addict say to his drug of choice?
What do you call a trumpet on a leash?
Why was 10 hospitalized?
What do you call a midget psychic on the run from the law?
How do you make holy water?
What's the gayest town in America?
What did the dealer say to Ted when he caught him stealing heroin?
How many Germans does it take to tile a bathroom?
[Racial][Racial] What's the worst thing about being a black jew?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What gets longer when pulled, fits between breasts, inserts neatly in a hole, and works best when jerked?
Why did Freud hurt his shoulder?
What’s the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit?
What did the woman say to the guy in Naval intelligence?
What does a cat in the desert and Christmas have in common?
What happened when Hitler lost his glasses?
Why are bees so rich?
What do you call a cow in a 6 second video?
ISLAM is religion of peace??
What do you call a gay dentist?
What goes above the water and below the water but doesn't touch the water?
Why does Harambe confuse bartenders?
Why couldn't the choir director figure out whether Alison Brie was alto soprano?
What do you call a pig with three eyes ?
Why wasn't the bike starting?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
What did the banana say to the human?
What's the difference between Texas and Russia?
What to Russian Zombie Athletes want?
What did a Mexican take Xanax for?
Thought this up at work, prolly not funny, whatcha call it when a jew with Jiu-Jitsu skills fights you?
How much does it cost to buy multiple prosthetic limbs?
What the difference between Australia and a glass of milk?
What concert costs 45 cents?
How does a woman differ from a computer?
What do you call a boxer with allergies?
Did you hear about the happy Roman?
What's Superman's greatest weakness?
What do you call a water fowl looking in a window?
What kind of ideas do blind people get?
What color should I choose?
What do you call a fat lady who bathes in strawberry jam?
What do you call a dog who got re-elected for mayor?
Does anyone want to buy a used Theremin?
What do you call a horny chemist?
Did you hear about the magic tractor?
How many data wranglers does it take to change a lightbulb?
What kind of knots only exist in space?
You sure?
Whats the difference between a washing machine and a woman?
Why did Edward miss his flight out of Russia?
What's white at the top and black at the bottom?
Why don't cows drink milk?
What would you call a Street Fighter player who can bust out the Spinning Pile Driver really fast?
What's a jew doing on a swing?
What's black?
What kind of wine causes the most accidents?
What do Dothraki use to count their horses?
Did you see the video of the guy making out with the lady with the Zika Virus?
Did you hear about the Mexican train killer?
How do you tell if Lady Gaga is dead or not?
What do you do when you get into a fight with a group of clowns?
What's the first rule of contradiction club?
What does one call an undertaker that's been drafted into the Military?
Why did Adele cross the road?
How do cats speak to people?
What kind of animal can record video?
Have any of you heard about the magician who was driving home?
What did the fisherman say to the sewage management person?
What's Clifford's favorite gum?
Why was Fam's favorite subject English?
whats the difference in fast n furious and walking dead?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why did the Chemistry teacher give every student Sodium Hydroxide at the beginning of every semester?
What do you call a pepper in late autumn?
Are you cold?
Have you met Canadian lepers?
Have you ever tried North Korean food?
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman?
What's the difference between a pizza and a black man?
How do Singaporean swimmers get educated?
Why did the condom fly out of the room?
What is the difference between a doorknob and a Zika baby's head?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What has an R at the beginning, a T at the end, and EPOS in the middle?
If this post was a Sons of Anarchy episode what character would you be?
What happens to a frogs car when it is parked illegally?
What do you call a web developer who enjoys finding bugs in the system?
What's black and white and red all over?
What do you call a guy who cries when he masturbates?
Why can't Asians make white babies?
What's the difference between a black guy and a canoe?
What do boobs and toys have in common?
What’s the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb?
what do you call a guy who cries when he masturbates?
Why did the knight stop using the internet?
What do /r/jokes and the human centipede have in common?
Why is six afraid of seven?
What did the prostitute say to the leper?
How does Bob Marley like his donuts?
What would you call it when an Italian has one arm shorter than the other?
How do you make a honeymoon salad?
Why have no melons ever gotten married in Vegas?
Has anyone ever tried Ethiopian food?
Why does everyone agree when you judge someone's voice?
Why I don't joke about politicians?
Have you guys heard the one about the child with aids?
Have you ever smelled mothballs?
What did MLK say to the fishmonger?
What do you call a school bus full of black people?
What does a North Korean ricochet sound like?
What's better than winning the Paralympic gold medal?
What do you ask a pregnant Rabbi?
Why shouldn't you let the scientists have an antelope?
What Do You Call A Group Of Terrorists That Love to Smoke Weed?
What do you call a dolphin that cheats on his girlfriend?
Why is Bill Gates scared of the number 7?
What do you call a bunch of tractors parked in front of a McDonald's on Friday night in Iowa?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What's the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator?
What do you call an detective's glasses?
Why can't Jimmy ride his bike?
What does the customer say to the worker as he leaves the store after buying a discounted item?
What's the difference between a catfish and a lawyer?
Why was the redditor banned?
What do a bungee jump and a hooker have in common?
What do you call a 350 pound stripper?
What do Ryan Lochte and the water in Rio have in common?
What do you call a nation of angry women?
What's the difference between a brown noser and a shit head?
What is short, white, and running for president?
Why do pedophiles love pokemon go?
Why was the baby in Africa crying?
What do a mosquito and my ex have in common?
How many computer programmers does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's it called when you apologize using dots and dashes?
How do you circumcise a redneck?
What's a monk's favorite kind of cheese?
Why is Starbuck's coffee so high on the pH scale?
Who's the roundest knight at King Arthur's court?
What was the last thing that went through Paul Walker's mind before he died?
What did the owner of the gay bar do when his joint was full and he couldn't seat all of his customers?
What do you call an unused piano?
Can someone explain why people keep saying this before we about to eat?
What do Jesus and Muhammad have in common?
What's grey and comes in quarts?
What did the mayor say after the townsfolk told him that they used the watering hole to take dumps?
What kind of file do you need to turn a 15mm hole into a 40mm hole?
Hey dad, how do you feel about abortion?
Why should you never trust someone giving away batteries?
What do rhinos and fish have in common?
Why is Ronald McDonalds immortal?
Why did the mathematician get an F on his English quiz?
Why do we never run out of math teachers?
Why did the pedophile buy a guitar?
What do mathematicians call retirement?
Who do you call when your spacebar doesn't work?
Why cant the bike stand on its own?
Q: What did the waitress say to the customer after she forgot his Miso soup?
How long can 7 ride 8?
Why do scuba divers fall backwards off the boat?
How do you keep children from playing in your yard?
What would people call Ryan Lochte if he went to jail?
What does a conspiracy theorist say when he breaks up with someone?
Have you ever played the game where you conceal yourself and change religions?
Did you hear about the American Indian who was in a tea drinking contest?
What is Beethoven's favorite fruit?
Did you hear Trump wants to ban shredded cheese?
What's the worst thing to say during a group depression therapy session?
What do you call a sister who works for you?
Hey son, what did you get in math last year?
Why do ants rarely, if ever, get sick?
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax?
Did you hear about the ex-porn star who got fired from the gas station?
Q: What's a Michigander?
What happened to the joke that insulted the mods?
What's the difference between a lonely person getting trolled and a wanted sexual offender?
Hey girl, are you a 10?
What's the difference between your mom and my computer?
What does your computer and your mom have in common?
When is a door not a door?
Is your fridge running?
Why did the very religious man not say a word while he was fasting?
You know what I find odd?
What's something that's true, real and lives in the dirty south?
Why'd the window get the job?
What do you call someone from Olomouc who's living on the dole?
What's a porn star's favorite song?
What do you call a religious cow in the Middle East?
What do you call an alligator wearing a vest?
Why didn't the skeleton go to the party?
What did Borg say to Georg Ohm?
What is heavier? A 200 pounds of bricks or 200 pounds of feathers?
What is yellow, fluffy, and hides your slippers?
What is a fat kids' favourite sounding instrument at school?
Why was the plant embarrassed?
Why do mexicans keep getting stuck in the doorway?
What do you call a scientist's obituary?
Is this where you put your jokes?
If a tree falls on your wife, and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound?
What are green and smell like pork?
How can you tell when your girlfriend is getting fat?
Did you hear about the paperwork fetishist?
Why did the cow explode?
The Joker is in a room with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, and has a gun with one bullet, who does he shoot?
Why is the ulna the second funniest bone in our skeleton?
What is the worst place to have the "you break it, you buy it" rule?
What is it called when an unborn baby dies in a horse-drawn sleigh?
Why should rednecks NOT vote for Trump?
Did you hear about the French Olympic race walker who pooped his pants mid race?
What was the Feminist's least favorite subject?
Why is leather so good for sneaking around in?
what did the emo say to the dull razor?
How do you take the letter "F" out of the word "WAY" ?
What's the best way to get a Jewish girls number?
What do you call a small group of Jews around the holidays?
So you got a subaru?
What do you get if you cross a sheep and a kangaroo?
What'd you expect Lobster?
Why did the party planner say that everything was alright?
What do you call a cow during an earthquake?
What do you call three crows?
What's a pedophile's favorite activity?
Why are Hispanics so antisemitic?
What do feminist magicians say?
How do you turn a fox into an elephant?
I made up a joke. What did the pasta noodles say to the sauce when it was scared?
What does it mean if a dude looks down and sees four balls instead of two?
What do bad writers use to pick up hot pans?
What's an eastern European cannibal's favorite snack?
What do you call a graph crowded with data points about fat people?
What do you need to poop in the forest?
What did Lochte say after his teammates told the police what really happened?
If there are 6 apples and you take away 4, how many do you have?
What do you call a man holding two apples in one hand and three oranges in another?
What do you call dinosaur sluts?
What do you call a dolphin with agoraphobia?
How do you know if the camera you just bought was made in Asia?
What's wrong with being number 2?
Why don't witches wear underwear?
Why does Hannibal Lecter skin his colleagues?
Why did 0.81 recurring die?
Why is 7 afraid of 8?
What do you call two crows?
Why do you never see prostitutes on airplanes?
What gets harder the more you play with it?
Where does the wealthy mycologist go shopping?
Why did SJWs call out Medusa?
How do you tell the difference between Al Gore and the secret service when they're in the same room?
Why was Mark Fuch a terrible mailman?
Why do lesbians shop at sports authority?
What does a cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
Why was six afraid of seven?
Fastest Bolt at the Olympics?
What do you get when you cross an Elephant with a Rhino?
What would life be without plumbing?
How many Software Engineers does it take to change a light-bulb?
What kind of room doesn't have any doors/windows inside?
How many men from the US swim team does it take to open a door?
Why do people keep a picture of their wife and kids in their wallet?
What do you call a pig with three eyes?
What's the difference between an oyster having a seizure and a hooker with diarrhea?
What do you call a potato-loving despot?
Why are people in wheelchairs always getting taken advantage of?
How do you speak to a deaf Ted Cruz?
What does a cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
Why didn't Bono sell any wheat bread at his bakery?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
Why was the blonde's belly button sore?
What do you call a flight commandeered by pirates?
What do you call a thousand lawyers, chained to the bottom of the ocean?
Which is the most eco-friendly subreddit?
Two cats are sitting on a roof. Which one slides off first?
Why did 10 die?
Why are C programmers never invited to parties?
Did you guys hear about the new death camps in North Korea?
If someone who speaks 2 languages is Bilingual, whats someone who speaks 1 called?
Why do Java programmers wear glasses?
What's worse than one dead baby nailed to ten trees?
Why am I black and you're white?
Why is Sven afraid of sex?
What did the hat say to the tie?
Why did Sherlock Holmes get a colonoscopy?
What do you call a man who can't stand?
What's the difference between a terrorist cell and a children's hospital?
What did the gay Jamaican say to his S.O.?
Why did the hipster otter leave his hometown river?
[Ask Reddit] Blind Redditors what is your favourite post you have seen to date?
If you are having sex with two women and a third woman walks in, what do you have?
How difficult is it to live with erectile dysfunction?
How did the steak knife find himself after drunk driving?
Did you hear about the orgy at the campsite?
You know what really kills me?
Why was the guitar teacher arrested?
What's Father Time's nickname when he's drunk?
Why couldn't the 3 speed mixer get auto insurance?
What is brown and sounds like a bell?
You guys hear about that new Amish rapper?
I'm a great insult comic. Want a quickie?
Anybody have bad credit?
Why was dyslexic Eminem put in a cage?
Where does Google and Apple get their weather information?
What do you call a spitting alarm?
How amazing is Michael Phelps?
Why'd the chicken cross The Road?
Did you hear about the movie where Peter Dinklage quits his electrician job to pursue a career in music?
Why is housing cheaper as an orphan?
What is the speed of sex?
What's worse than ants in your pants?
What's worse than finding your dad's fleshlight?
Two cows in a field. One asks “should I be worried about mad cow’s disease”?
What did the friendly terrorist say when he walked into the gay club?
Why did the chicken go to the principal's office?
What has 42 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk?
What does PONTIAC stand for?
What did the friendly terrorist say when he walked into the gay club?
What did one window say to the other window?
What is the Popes favorite trick to do on a bike?
What does HONDA stand for?
How can you tell when you have prostate cancer?
How many men does it take to open a can of beer?
How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a botched circumcision?
Honey bee: Why there are different types of blood groups?
Why did the fish's car break down?
Did you hear about the Italian Chef that died?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
How many Black Lives Matters protesters does it take to change a light bulb?
If Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton ended up in a car crash who would be saved?
What's the worst part about locking your keys in your car in front of an abortion clinic?
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why is six afraid of seven?
Writing a joke for my speech class can anybody help me?
Did you see the Chinese pole vaulter whose junk pushed the bar over the edge?
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb?
Why did I stop reading M.C Escher books on the bus?
Where do you buy sexy corsets?
Why did x and y break up?
Why is AIDS cooler than Forrest Gump?
Why didn't the criminal train operator die when he got the electric chair?
Why did Donald Trump cross the road?
Do you know how NASCAR got its name?
What do Bill Cosby and Santa Claus have in common?
What's a crack addict's biggest fear?
Want to hear a good physics pun?
Why does Cinderella never win the Olympics?
Why should you never dogfight mermaids?
Why is learning English confusing when you're camping?
Why do mycologists have such a good time?
What do you cal a campsite trampled by thousands of tiny insects?
What do you call a lump of cats?
What do you call it when your Arab parents disaprove of your girlfriend?
Why did the fruit salad go to jail?
What is a Social Justice Warrior's favorite math subject?
How many Feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What kind of shoes do ninjas use?
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax?
How do you call an American that hasn't gone to the toilet in 7 days?
Why are the developers of NoMansSky called Hellogames?
What is the difference between a pine cone and a cheeto?
What do you call a demon at the gym?
Why did the banana bruise?
What do you call a Chinese speaking person who complains a lot?
What happens when you play a country song backwards?
What's a foot long and slippery?
what's a banana's favorite gymnastic event?
How many lightbulbs does it take to change a lightbulb ?
What type of computer sings?
What do you get when you cross a weasel with a whale?
How many people does it take to change a lighthouse bulb?
Good news and bad news Which do you want to hear first?
Why are people who work in IT amazing at relationships and sex?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
What's my favorite machine at the gym?
What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus?
What's faster than Usain Bolt ?
What does an insomniac, ­agnostic, dyslexic spend most of his time doing?
Why does no work ever get done on the Sun?
Feeling down?
How do you know the fastest runners are all doping?
Why Does Waldo Wear Stripes?
What did the poacher get when he saw the Northern White Rhino?
What's the fastest way to make your trousers fall down?
What does the GO in Pokémon GO stand for?
What do you call bacteria that can swim fast?
What do you call a woman who can't draw?
What kind of pants does Mario wear?
What's behind the door?
What do Donald Trump and his chromosomes have in common?
What do you call someone who smokes two doobies at once?
What happens when a guy from Finland dies?
You wanna hear a yoke?
What does IS call the evolutionary theory that humans are descended from the ape family?
What do you say to a beggar who's wearing a Star of David?
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax?
Why won't the pimp date any of his girls?
How do you circumcise a redneck?
What do you call a gay tick?
Did you know the ninjas have gotten together and formed a union?
What do female ghosts have?
What is a Brit's favorite letter?
What do you call a Muslim trainer's Pokémon?
Welcome to the Salty Spittoon, how tough are ya?
What happens to stressed out Sailors?
We aren't allowed to drink during the job?
Did you here about the Blonde who made a large donation to the community swimming pool?
What beverage is often very helpful?
Why can no one win at the Bangkok Olympics ?
An egg sits perfectly balanced on the apex of a roof, the wind blows south, which way does the egg fall?
What's better than winning a silver in the paralympics?
Why did the surgeon refuse to dress for work?
What do you call a French dog that sells medicine?
What did the NFL Commissioner say when Adele turned down the Superbowl Halftime Show?
STUDENT: Sir, can I ask a question?
Why aren't there any feminist sex dolls?
What is the main difference between existentialism and nihilism?
What's the difference between Jews and Harry Potter?
How many police officers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's a Penguins favorite type of pasta?
Did you ever hear the one about the two gay Irish guys?
Why are Pokemon terrible to play hide and seek with?
How do you get out of a Russian prison?
What's a classic Russian sci-fi film?
What's the difference between a tribal tattoo and /r/jokes?
What do you get when you cross Donny Osmond and Marie Osmond?
What do you tell someone when you give them a high five?
Hey girl, is your name Jacqueline Kennedy?
If pirates say "Arr", What do software pirates say?
Did you hear the one about the hipster tree?
Why do football players never fly first class?
How do you know if someone is not a vegan?
What animal sleep everywhere, shit anywhere, and have no respect to others?
What's the similarity between a smart employee and a perfect volleyball hit?
What is the name of one of the Chinese gymnasts competing at the Rio Olympics?
Hey Reddit, wanna hear a joke?
Why don't black people dream?
What do you call a midget king?
What did the sarcastic taximan say when he lost his job?
what's the hardest thing about be a pedophile?
What do you call a mushroom that goes into a bar and buys everyone a drink?
What is the difference between r/jokes and a comedian?
What do 'Game of Thrones' and 'The Sixth Sense' have in common?
Who robbed Lochte at the Olympics?
What does a condom and a wife have in common?
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun?
What's the best thing about being named Richard?
Did you hear about the lonely cow that joined a dating website?
What's the difference between bird flu and swine flu?
Waiter: would you like some cans, sir?
Why did the Jews wander in the desert for 40 years?
What did the doctor say to the domestic abuse victim?
Why are women like DOS?
What did one tampon say to the other tampon?
First thing you do in the school of rock?
Why was the bicycle lying on the side of the road?
How many dirty buggers does it take to change a light bulb?
what do you call a deer with no eyes?
What do you call a gorilla with a banana in each ear ?
How do you make an anti-socal guacamole?
What’s the difference between a goat and a kid?
What’s the difference between skinny and squat?
What is William Shakespeare's favorite kind of meat?
Why did the Muslim cross the road?
what is the most imaginative nation?
What's worse than ants in your pants?
What is Snoop Dogg's favorite restaurant?
Why did the semen cross the road?
What is Adolf Hitlers favorite letter of the alphabet?
How many dogs does it take to count 14 plates?
What do you call a depressed gang member?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
What do you call a joke with the wrong punchline?
What do you call a British nanny with an MDMA addiction?
Why does Mexico do so poorly in the Olympics?
What's Donald Trump's favorite kind of soup?
How do you turn two colors that work into a rainbow that doesn't?
How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did Chandler play the blues as loud as he could?
What happens when you hit a Jewish guy?
How many senior medical consultants does it take to change a lightbulb?
How did Hitler tie his shoes?
What happens if you game so much you forget to brush your teeth?
What's the difference between a Confederate flag and a black person?
Why can't Admiral Ackbar fly to Hawaii?
Why are oatmeal cookies better?
What's the difference between a lawyer and a catfish?
Hey Dad, can you call me a cab?
Do you know how you can tell your roommate is gay?
What's the opposite of a basic Jew?
Did you hear about the guy who lived in a Tyre?
What do The Sixth Sense and The Titanic have in common?
What rhymes with computer?
Where do fish deposit their money?
What was the REAL reason Harambe was executed?
Why do Pokemons like to eat sunflower seeds?
What do you call a dog with no hind legs and steel balls?
Did you hear the one about the banker slug who couldn't find a home?
What was Alex Rodriguez's last hit?
What is an Olympic pre race pep talk for a French competitor?
Why did the baker have smelly hands?
Beirut?
What do you call a promised meal?
How heavy is a hipster?
Have you heard of the new running shoes that Apple's producing for the soldiers in middle East?
Why does Santa have such a big sack?
What did one boob say to the other?
Have you heard the joke about the baby with AIDS?
Why did the felon have so much energy?
What's the most common time to see the dentist?
Why does China have such a large population???
What did Mr. Spock find in the toilet?
Why did the old man hate using the new chip cards?
How do you catch a Pokemon?
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun?
Why do black people always say "I know right"?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Who is better? The 3rd wave feminist or the pencil?
What does a fencing Redditor always do with their jokes?
Why did the boy eat his homework?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
What did the stoic dolphin say to the whiny whale?
Whats the different between falling from the 10th floor and falling from the 1st floor ?
How are Oscar the Grouch and the Olympic Diving Pools in Rio de Janeiro similar?
What aspect of the game do women soccer players like most?
Did you hear about the soldier who survived pepper spray and mustard gas?
What is the most certain way to prevent milk from souring?
What's great when you're at work, and terrible when you're in bed?
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy?
What did the out of shape owl say?
Why did the Latino Eminem fail in the music business?
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun?
What did one snowman say to the other snowman?
In Jamaica, how do you know if a mango is ripe?
Why do Jewish people watch porn backwards?
What programming languages would we use if C didn't exist?
How did the cheerleader get magic AIDS?
Why did the feminist refuse to work at the post office?
Do you know how much cocaine Charlie Sheen uses ?
What do you call a team of Slavic supervillains?
What does Sean Connery say when he has to go number 2?
Broken heart?
Hey, do you want to see something funny?
Why was the road in so much pain?
What did the vet say about the maimed donkey?
What is Bart Simpsons' favorite kind of fish?
Why are Japanese people so good at judo?
Did you hear about the king who killed all of his peasants?
What swims slightly faster than a shark?
What's an emo's favorite game?
What do valley girls drink?
What's a Mexican's favorite assignment?
What does BMW stand for?
Who placed 3rd for basketball in the 2016 Olympics?
What do you call a 3 legged cow named Summer in the winter?
What's the difference between the Mafia and the Government?
You hear about the NBA player who married a midget?
Why do dogs hate outer space?
Why do prison guards use Proactive all the time?
About what time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon?
What did the pregnant orange see after 9 months?
Why is a giraffe's neck so long?
Did you hear about the electrical store that got robbed?
What do French people put on really funny sandwiches?
What did the depressed light switch say?
What is a Brit's favorite steak?
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts?
What does Rick Ross say after opening a pack with only Hershey's in it?
What does Gandhi not like on the Internet?
What do straight woman and gay men have in common?
My Utahn grandpa's favorite joke: why should you always bring two Mormons with you when you go fishing?
Why does Jimmy Carter swim on his back?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil?
What's the difference between Bernie quitting and Trump quitting?
What's the difference between a reindeer and a caribou?
How do you turn a little boy into a little girl?
What do a cell phone and anal bleach have in common?
What is black, sings and lives next to a vagina?
What's a word that no matter how much you spelled it, it always wrong?
How to embarrass an archaeologist?
Did you know 9 out of 10 dentists recommend chewing gum?
How many jews can you fit in a car?
what's the difference between you and an egg?
What's faster than a black man dodging cops with a TV?
What’s better than winning a gold medal at the Special Olympics?
What do you call a married cougar?
What's the difference between a Nun and a lady taking a bath?
How do you get Pikachu on a bus?
What do you call 2 lesbians in a canoe?
What is similar about a twitch mod and an a reddit mod?
Why did the football coach return to the bank?
Who invented rhetorical questions?
What does a German use to polish his trumpet?
How did 3 know 4 was a Ballerina?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop Dogg?
What's the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels?
What do you do if an Islamist throws a pin at you?
What do you call someone who cleans vacuums?
What do you call a homosexual on rollerblades?
What do you call an attraction to your own mummy?
What is a black Transformer's name?
Did you hear that Fergie and R. Kelly are collaborating on a new album?
An old man with Parkinson's who recently lost his wife looks down at his hands and asks what?
Why did the interrupting cow cross the road?
Did you hear about the man who invented the knock knock joke?
Why was the floppy disk self-conscious?
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Go player?
How does a german get to the airport?
How do you climb Trump Tower?
What's the best part about dating a twin?
How many creationists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Anyone heard of that game called "No Man's Sky" ?
Which college course does a feminist take?
How does a duck swim from one side of the pond to the other?
How many teachers does it take to change a lightbulb?
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday?
did you hear about the gay, cannibal pirate?
Who's the fastest runner in the chinese olympic team?
How do you know your girlfriend is getting fat?
What do you call a snarky criminal going down the stairs?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call an STD that is contracted in your ear?
Why is the cinematography of pornos so impressive?
Whats the difference between America and Yogurt?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
[GoT] What is Little Finger's favorite thing about poetry?
How did the doctor determine that the baby was affected by the Zika virus?
How do the Greeks seperate the men from the boys?
What's four inches long and drives women crazy?
What did the hurricane say to the coconut palm tree?
How many IT guys does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call a chicken coop with five doors?
What's a blind mans worst fear ?
What do you call a girl from Alabama who's faster than her brothers?
Why doesn't Mexico have a good Olympic team?
What did the doctor say when a Chinese baby with down syndrome was born?
How much does a Cockney spend on shampoo?
What is black and starts with "nig"?
Did Donald Trump make the right choice when picking his running mate?
What do you call a barstool turned upside down at a gay bar?
What do you call a beetle in the bed sheets?
What kind of beans do mummies eat?
Why the USA get silver in synchronized diving?
Did you hear about child molester who plays the piano?
What did Nicolas Cage say when his daughters grades came through?
What's the difference between donald trump and a bucket of shit?
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, an unwilling agnostic, and a dyslexic?
What do male prostitutes and Inspector Closeau have in common?
What does a necrozoophiliac do?
Why can't you fool an aborted fetus?
Cop: "Did you kill this man?
How many mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How do you disappoint a redditor?
What is Rio's least liked, most common Pokemon?
How do you get a witch pregnant?
What's the difference between a musician and a dead body?
What did one tampon say to the other tampon?
what happens when a nunga bucha walks into a bar?
What's the difference between an old bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
Why are Americans so good at shooting?
How do you make holy water?
Where do you find a dog with no legs?
Q: Do you like sex and travel?
What's the best part about showering with an eight year old girl?
Why don't Indians play soccer?
What did Michael Phelps say after the Mens 200m?
Does anyone else love going into psychosis?
What do you tell a kid with two black eyes?
Guy: Hey baby, do you wanna 68?
Why did team USA get a silver in Men's Diving?
What do you get when an alternative metal band runs out of toilet paper?
What did the amputee say to his mom when he learned to ride a bike?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
What did the egg say to the other egg?
What is the difference between your suicide and the state of syria?
What's the difference between some tuna , a piano and some glue ?
What do you call an original idea on Reddit?
What does a baby look like after a minute in the microwave?
can i ask you two questions?
What do you call a epileptic roman emperor?
What is something that you can never eat for breakfast?
Who was the widest knight at King Arthur's round table?
Why do French tanks have a rear-view mirror?
Why do geologists love sandwiches in the field?
Why did Trump cross the road?
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit?
Why does Michael Phelps refuse to aid his teammates in preparing for the Olympics?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
When do you kick a midget in the balls?
What happened when Isaac Newton met the apple?
What's the difference between a Russian Potato and a U.S. Potato?
The dad asks his son: "What has four legs and isn't alive?
Did you hear about the old man selling boats in the attic?
How do they launch a champagne factory?
How many babies does it take to paint a room?
What's the difference between amnesia and alzheimers?
wanna hear about the biggest conspiracy theory of all time involving millions of people dominating millions of others?
Why doesn't anyone go to Coney Island anymore?
What is Hillary Clinton's favorite sport?
Why are the "sans" family of fonts so serious?
What is an Asian pedophile's favorite soup?
What does a rapper call a Russian Olympians blood?
What do you get when you mix a Japanese and Welsh person?
Hey girl is there wifi here?
Santa Fe?
What did the Networking manager tell his assistant about working late?
Why are there many black people hanging around my family tree?
What gets greater with age?
What is the official cereal for the Rio olympics?
What do you call an emo vegetable?
How do you guys think the Germans will do in the Olympics this year?
Why is it called "the circle of life"?
Why was the programmer sexist?
What do you get when you combine an excess of waste and recycling?
What do you call the offspring of a sheep and a gorilla?
What time of day was Adam born?
What do you call an old barometer?
What's the difference?
What's the difference between a piano and a fish?
Why does no one trust victoria ?
What's a single Scottish man's favourite kind of cookie?
What do you call a fly with no wings?
Ever seen an elephant hiding in a cherry tree?
What's the best place to hide a boy?
What's better than winning a gold medal at the Paralympics?
Why does the Olympic torch always start in Olympia?
What's long and hard every time you wake up?
What's the difference between a woman and a PC from 1995?
Why are white girls so odd?
Knock knock knock knock knock. Who's there?
What was the burglar doing in Wayne Manor?
What's the difference between a Pilot and a jet engine?
Why do Muslims love shopping at Ross?
What did the optimist say to his doctor when he found out he had lung cancer?
How many millennials does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why are Muslim countries are banning PokemonGo?
How many pornstars does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why couldn't a kid watch a pirate movie?
What is the difference between a well dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bike?
Whats the difference between a priest and acne?
How do you tell a transgender from a real woman?
What do terrorists eat?
Whats the best thing Orlando Bloom's ever been in?
What does Uncle Vernon not do today?
What would Game of Thrones be called if it was about ice cream?
Have you guys seen Stevie Wonder's new concert?
How did NBC respond to someone who criticized their broadcasting?
Why is Hitler's Favorite Animal the Cheetah?
What do you call the underground slave trade?
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino?
Why are asteroids so strong when they hit the planet?
What do you call an Arab who owns a goat and a camel?
What do you call a big polish wiener?
How do you get a Canadian to pay you back?
What's the difference between a gay man and a freezer?
drity What food diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%?
My coffee tastes like dirt! What gives?
Who is the commander of cheese?
What did a binary number say to another?
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and a plastic grocery bag?
Why don't the French need air conditioner?
What did the ocean say to the shore?
What's the hardest part to eat about a vegetable?
What do Windows and a submarine have in common?
what did the cemetery dude say when he buried the wrong guy?
You know about Pizza Hut?
What does the founder of Playboy say when he gets wrongfully imprisoned?
What do you call a party thrown by a Terrorist at a bar on a hot day in Hawaii?
Where do fat people live?
What kind of sick bird is against the law?
How do you know that a joke is a repost?
What did the lead singer of The Prodigy say to the guy parking his Mini Cooper?
Why can you trust saggy boobs?
How many rainbows does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why did the swarm of mosquitoes kill a loner mosquito & robbed it of it's bloodbank?
What did Delaware?
What's big, white and f**ks New Zealanders?
What do you call a man who loves a woman for her brains?
What do you call pasta that someone chokes on?
Who built the round table?
Why are oceans so salty?
Who was the most well known Jewish cook?
What's cold and comes in April?
What is the same about Subway sandwiches and Jared Fogle's porn collection?
What do you call a man with a vagina?
How do you make a 'feature wall' in Alaska?
What do you call it when everyone is behaving on a cruise ship?
What do you do if an Elephant breaks his big toe?
What did God say to the deviled egg?
You know who really did 9/11?
What did God say to the alcoholic spelling bee judge?
How will a black chef start with his recipe?
Did you hear about the author who wrote a book during her time of the month?
What is the most racist (and ignorant) musical instrument?
What's the stupidest animal you can find in a jungle?
What happens when you heavily water farmland?
What is white and inside a baby's diaper?
Why can't your jokes ever make NRA members laugh?
What do you call someone stealing musical instruments?
When did Hitler let his dog eat his homework?
What's the definition of a Wookiee?
What did the policeman say to his stomach?
Why are there no Jewish people in jail?
What do you call a vet that can only work on one animal?
What do you call a sophisticated American?
What do you call a dead magician?
Why do college frat boys drink before bathing?
What's worse than having a screaming child on your hands?
What's worse than your mother-in-law?
What do jehovah's witnesses believe in?
What do you call a world leader who white people are opposed to?
How does a mustache support his family in the event of his untimely death?
[Corny] What does a highlighter say when it answers the phone?
Why would John Wilkes Booth kill Abraham Lincoln?
What's the difference between an extroverted mathematician and an introverted mathematician?
How would you describe the average bully?
What do you call a word with two W's and one K?
What do politicians and diapers have in common?
Have you ever been to a party where you didn't know anyone?
I have to poop, what should i do?
How is Drake similar to someone with dysuria?
How do you drown a hipster?
What do you get when you cross a busy road with a broken leg and a blindfold?
What is a relationship?
What is pink and fluffy?
How are E.T. and a Mexican immigrant the same?
What do a rubix cube and a penis have in common?
What can't you spell without the letters p-e-n-i-s?
Why are cemeteries surrounded with walls?
Who goes to female prostitutes? Men. Who goes to male prostitutes?
What do you call it when stoners split a check?
What's a horrible icebreaker?
What do you call a pizza with just peppers on it?
What is the Beatles' favourite social media site?
What do you call the child of a magician and a potato?
Imagine if your roommate made you watch a movie and left 10 mins into it. Dick move, right?
How did Jesus get to the other side of the street?
What do you call a shorn sheep in a New Zealand bar?
What's Hillary Clinton's key to success?
How many Southern Baptists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What does an IT guy use for birth control?
How do you starve a Jewish man?
What's black and never works?
Why are the old trees always yelling?
What is a common question at lizards' fast food joints?
Why are foodfights forbidden in japanese schools?
What do you call a masturbating cow?
How do you think the unthinkable?
What do you call a Female PeaCOCK ?
What do you call it when Batman skips church?
What did God say to all the Jews, Christians and Muslims of the world?
If you got into an accident with Hillary and Trump, who would you rescue?
Why do you call a person with 3 legs?
Are you made of Copper and Tellurium?
What happened to Kim Jong?
-Why don't you let Russian female weightlifting team participate in the Olympics?
What do you say to the midget prostitute?
What do you call a cat that's guilty of infidelity?
What do you call sixty female pigs and forty male deer?
How do you blindfold a chinese person?
How can you attract a group of like minded friends?
Where did little John go after the explosion?
What do you call a painter with a brown finger?
What is Bill Clinton's favorite song from Hamilton?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
Whats the Difference between a Third-Wave Feminist and a Pencil?
What do you call an earthquake in NYC?
Do you know what is really cancerous?
How do African mermaids cover their breasts?
What do you call a Pikachu caught in Brazil?
[OC] What is Hillary Clinton's favorite video game?
How do you get 30 drunk Americans out of the pool?
What's the difference between a refugee and E.T?
What do you call fake shit?
What do you call a body builder?
How do you offend a comedian?
What did the saggy boob say to the other saggy boob?
What is Donald Trump's favorite song?
How do you hear a hormone?
Foreign guy comes out of a bathroom and asks an American: Those gaps in your toilet stall doors... what are they even for?
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house?
What is the favorite scientific unit of the French?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What will kill you on leg day?
How do you get 30 drunk Russians out of the pool?
How much will a pirate charge you for a piercing?
What did the Mexican do when he arrived in America?
How many "a man walks into a bar" jokes does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's an SJW's favourite animal?
What's the difference between Valve and uranium?
Why couldn't the hippie be saved from drowning?
What's Donald's true political party?
How many hippies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What the robotic fingers say to the face?
At church, what three words are foremost in a bride's mind on her wedding day?
How do you get 30 drunk Canadians out of the pool?
What would Burger Kings slogan be if Jesus founded it?
What do you call a dumb cop?
Why did Batman go to the corner store?
What do you call a gay dinosaur?
What do hipsters call breast milk?
What's the difference between a weatherman and an overweight doctor that handles the urinary tract?
What does an injured gyro say?
What's the difference between Adolf Hitler and Usain Bolt?
Why is the alphabet of a pirate incomplete ?
Where are you most likely to drown?
What's the hardest part about stir-frying vegetables?
What can an Elephant make that no other animal can make?
You know what would be a hilarious prank?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
What's the difference between a bonus and a penis?
What are cranes made of?
What do you call a fight between a human and a gorilla?
Did you hear that one about Alzheimers?
What's a shitpost dad?
How would America win gold medals in shooting for the Olympics?
Has anyone listened to the hottest boy band from Mexico?
Why was the man always pissy when he got home from work?
What do you call a clown and a crook rolling in feces?
Did Anne Frank have a good time at camp?
'One two three' cat and 'Un deux trois' cat decided to have a boat race. Who won?
What’s funky and fits in a cardboard box?
What is a pirate's favorite pastime?
What do you call a movie about dancing robots?
What do you get when you multiply 1,654,835,583 to 5,687,423,908?
What is Russia's favorite imported product?
What's slimy, long and smells like pork?
Why did the celiac patient have to skip leg-day?
Why can’t Kim Kardashian find her asshole?
What's the difference between Trump and Hitler?
What do you call an epileptic in a lettuce patch?
Whats the difference between a Christian and a Muslim?
What did Ned Stark say when his daughter told him that she was pregnant?
Mum why am i getting my Christmas present in August?
Why can't you hear pterodactyls go to the bathroom?
What's the difference between Batman and a Black man?
Did you hear that the Expendables cast is making a movie about classical composers?
Your wife is locked out at the front door yelling at you and your dog is barking at the back door to be let in. Which do you let in first?
What's the difference between a vegetable and a fruit?
Why did the chicken cross the rogue?
Where do cat astronauts go?
What's the difference between a priest and a pimple?
What do you call a buyer that likes to curse?
What do you call a group of emos?
What the hell is Minecraft?
What do you call a naked potato?
Who has two thumbs and a concealed identity?
Why can't you fool the aborted baby?
Do all black people have a problem with slavery?
What do people with mommy issues wear?
What do you call a Chinese kid playing college football?
How do you make an ugly baby?
What did the cell say to his sister when she stepped on his foot?
What's a pirate's favourite Roman numeral?
how did the bananas get away from the cops?
What do you get when you cross a turd and a mailbox?
What did the clock say to the other clock after she gave him a handjob?
How do you tell when a woman has an orgasm?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
How does a racist joke start?
What's black and white and red all over?
Why do dog lick their balls?
What's colorless and smells sweet?
What do gay horses eat?
What do girls and noodles have in common?
What do you call 5 blacks having sex?
Why did Donald Trump cross the road?
What would cause the primary model to fail?
What does an egg say when he's getting turnt?
What do you call a dog that is also a magician?
How do you get from Iran to Iraq without moving?
What do you call a Black, Jewish man on the moon?
What did Jesus say to Peter?
What's a homotron?
What do you get when you cross my mom with my dad?
What is the difference between Donald and a peace of sh..?
What's the difference between sod and a fat chick?
What's the difference between Bernie Sanders and a coconut?
How much did it cost the pirate to get his ears pierced?
What do you call a sunk sub?
What is a Squirrels favorite joke?
What's the best thing about Switzerland?
What does Uncle Vernon from Harry Potter not do on Reddit?
What begins at the end and ends at the beginning?
How do you know a white person is about to tell a joke?
Where does Kanye West like to go with his son?
What do you call a black guy in a museum?
What's the difference between Donald and a piece of fruit?
What do you call a discount sauna?
What does a perverted frog say?
What do you get when you cross my mom and my dad?
What do you call someone who discriminates against paintings?
What's the definition of 'vagina'?
Did you know that people from Dubai don't like "the Flintstones"?
You know the 'Done' button you press to exit a video?
What's brown and sticky?
What do you call a group of gay cavemen?
What do you call a dead gorilla in a shopping centre?
Why was Sevilla FC closed down?
What did one pile of wood chips say to the other?
How many Californians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What is the bogeyman's greatest fear?
Corny Joke: What do you get when you drop a few ears of corn into a pie?
What does a house wear?
What did the Iraqi boy say when his dad forgot his rucksack?
Why don't witches wear panties?
What did the blind man say when he walked past the fish market?
What has four wheels and flies?
How do you open a door underwater?
It's April 1st!?
Why are so many computer scientists atheists?
What major has seen a spike in popularity at Mexican colleges and universities since Donald Trump accepted the 2016 Republican Presidential candidate nomination?
What do you call a lawmaker in a society ruled by horses that says one thing but does the opposite?
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Lamborghini?
What does the word 'gay' mean?
What's the hardest part breaking up with a Japanese girlfriend?
Why was Mel Gibson in a bar at 9am?
What do blondes and tornado's have in common?
Have you heard about the guy whose whole left side got shaved by a train?
where is your husband?
What did the Los Angeles Lakers finish on tuesday?
When can women make you a millionaire?
Why is Hillary Clinton running for President?
What's black, blue and doesn't look too well?
What do North Korean weapons and T-Rex's have in common?
What did the thief say when someone was about to go get his attention?
Why is depressed clothing so convenient?
How did the Americans know the latest suicide bombing was perpetrated by a Canadian Islamic extremist?
How do you get a Jew to shower?
What’s the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb?
Where is Sith Lord's favorite place to shop?
What is a teenage girl's best friend?
What's orange and has four wheels?
Why do white girls always walk around in groups of 3?
What's the difference between the G-Spot and a Golf Ball?
What do you call a female Native American hip hop artist?
Did you hear about the Transformers creepy uncle?
Why did the Catholic Priest cross the road?
What is the saddest that can happen to Putin's team for the olympic games ?
What time is it in India?
What's long, hard and bendable and contains the letters p, e, n, i, s?
what colour were Kurt Cobain's eyes?
What state has the smallest soft drinks?
You know why you can't play Uno with Mexicans?
Why do they evacuate women and children first?
Did you hear about the guy in Egypt that didn't think he was drowning?
Why did Bill Gates get sick?
What did the ceiling fan say?
How do you fit an elephant into a Safeway bag?
What kind of shoes do pedophiles wear?
What did the buffalo say to his son when he came out to be bisexual?
How does a Reaver clean his spear?
What has 2 legs but can not walk?
How does it feel to have your head separated from your body?
Why do lobsters make bad lovers?
With the concerns over water quality at the upcoming Rio Olympic games, I think we should ask, what would Jesus do?
What would you call a social media marketing genius?
What's worse then finding a worm in your apple?
What do you call an Indian guy who's looking for a date?
Do you know the difference between a suppository and a pineapple?
How do you get in the 'Public Urination Club'?
What's the difference between people from Dubai and people from Abu Dhabi?
Why do objects disappear when you move them twice?
Want to hear a funny presidential joke?
What do you call a stay at home dad?
What did the snail say while riding on the turtle's back?
Want to hear a gay joke?
whats a muslims favorite kind of pepper?
Why can't Miss Piggy count to 70?
What did the dead magician say?
Who is the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
Why wasn't the vampire killed?
What do you call a gay fly?
What does Jeremy Clarkson and Amy Winehouse have in common?
What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when it hits a windshield?
Why God impregnated Mary?
What do you call a blowjob from a vampire?
What did Ash tell his Pokemon?
What is the difference between a well dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle?
What do you call a company run entirely by ghosts?
What were the political views of the librarian?
What did the father Buffalo say to his son as he left for school?
What's the difference between a man-whore and Santa Claus?
Why do mathematicians dislike cloth rugs?
What makes fish smell?
What does a waiter ask a group of Jewish ladies?
Did you hear the one about the Jewish terrorist?
How do you confuse a straight person?
What do French athletes wear?
What's the difference between three dicks and a joke?
Hey baby, You know how I know I'm getting laid tonight?
How do you know your letter is gay?
What game show do pickles play?
What's it like paying a dude for sex?
Why does Pinnochio always get an erection when he's in a forest?
Why doesn't Donald Trump toot his own Horn?
How do you confuse a 7 year old?
What's the difference between a vegetarian and a virgin?
Why did King Kong go to the airport?
Where did I take my pet Cow on Valentines Day?
What's the difference between a terrorist camp and a school?
Why don't programmers go on panty raids?
Why are fire trucks red?
What do a pedophile and a Pokemon master have in common?
I just left my job, see why ?
What do you call a self-referential question posing as a joke setup?
What phrase do both pedophiles and middle aged women say?
What's the difference between a book and a Mexican?
What's 12 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole?
Why should you work for a vegetable factory?
What do you call it when a Jugaloo sleeps with his girlfriend after a fight?
Are you all allright?
What do a nearsighted gynecologist and a healthy dog have in common?
How do you fuck with a Redditor?
What did one ocean say to the other ocean?
Why don't the polls like Donald Trump?
How many men does it take to open a beer?
#who ya gonna call?
What do you call a couple of asses in an asparagus patch?
Whats does a fisherman and a teen have in common?
Do you know why women aren’t allowed in space?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How do you disappoint a Redditor?
What do you call 2000 mockingbirds?
How do you call the social media that your grandmother uses?
Which color is the coldest?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do ants drink?
What's the difference between a dog and a fox?
What's black, white, and red all over?
Why doesn't the governments care about their citizens?
What do you call it when your water breaks and you can't get ahold of the midwife?
What did Edgar Allen Poe name his cat?
Why do tailors hate statisticians?
What do you call a gay dentist?
What do cancer and Donald Trump have in common?
Do you know why Polish girls don't like vibrates?
Did you hear about the Polish Wolfhound?
What's a Russian leader's favorite food?
Why does Trump actually want to lose the election?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
What do you call a day when all jokes on this sub are re-posts?
Why did the pig go into the kitchen?
Question: what's Erdogan's favorite puzzle game?
How do you fit 5,000 Jews into a Volkswagen?
What is the worst part of being black and jewish?
What do anime ghosts say to scare people?
What's green and not heavy?
A crab, a tuna, a lobster, and a Chinese man being run over by a steam roller. What doesn't belong?
What's worse than a cardboard box?
What do Catholic priests and the Zika Virus have in common?
Why did the woman throw the stick of butter out the window?
How do you stop a lawyer from drowning?
What do you get when you mix a rhinoceros with an elephant?
How would Donald Trump declare war on other countries?
What do you give to an elephant who suffering from diarrhea?
Why does the Pope keep his underwear on while bathing?
What's the difference between racism and the chinese people?
What kind of cheese is made backwards?
What is the best way to stop a politician?
What is the worst thing you could hear after giving Willie Nelson a blow job?
Why do blacks believe in Jesus?
Did you hear the guy who wrote the Friends theme song committed suicide?
What did the Bulbasaur say to the Charmander?
Did you hear about the new Miley Cyrus/Donald Trump collaboration project?
What's purple and sequels?
What does Miss Frizzle say when she's orgasming?
What do you call a spinning potato?
What would be Jesus' favorite gun?
How does NASA organize a party?
Why did I get divorced?
What did the man say after Michael Jackson stole his coat?
Which playing card can turn its hand to everything?
What's pansexual, ungendered, and a shapeshifter?
What do you call a paraplegic with an incurable STD?
Why did Ramsay Bolton clone the Nazi Angel of Death 19 times after reincarnating him?
What do necrophiliacs and alcoholics have in common?
Have you ever tried sky diving without a parachute?
Did you Know this fact about Einstein?
Which country has a drug-addicted king?
What do you call a man holding a machine gun?
What's the difference between a Greyhound Station and a crab with big boobs?
What kind of tree has the best bark?
Did you hear the one about the subatomic particle that refused to pay the bus fare?
You think you have it bad?
Why did the man commit suicide?
Where do dancers put their empty sodas?
If Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump both get in a plane accident, who survives?
You're scared of pedophiles?
If you are an American in the living room, what are you in the bathroom?
What's the difference between USB and USA?
What's the similarity between Chris Brown being released and Pokemon Go being released?
How can you tell if an envelope is gay?
Why didn't the mobsters car parts fit?
what do you call a female chihuahua in a salt flat?
How did the handyman feel after going to the bar?
What do you call a bar in Star Wars?
How many Republicans does it take to change a light bulb?
What did Jesus say to the man with leprocy?
Why Is Six Afraid Of Seven?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
What is Jesus's favorite gun?
If men call short women "petite", what do women call short men?
How did Napoleon eat his chicken?
Why are E.T.'s eyes so big?
What is the first thing a guy with down syndrome searches on google ?
What is the biggest joke on reddit?
What do they call brassieres in Germany?
First transgender woman--Danielle Boone?
Have you heard that joke about pussy?
Why do I feel so empty?
How many Suh Dudes does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What did the male telescope say to the hot female telescope?
What is Po's (Kung Fu Panda) dominant colour?
How are Clinton scandals like Pokémon?
Why are millennials so odd?
Why are Saudi Arabians so clueless?
Why are hearing impaired people so orgasmic?
Why do dogs lick their dick?
What did one tampon say to the other?
Why couldn't the Italian man start his car?
What N word do you not want to call a black man?
How are Jimmy Carter and the Long Island Railroad the same?
What do you call a shart?
What do you call a mean dust storm?
What's the difference between me and a Jew?
Why cant Gingers make shoes?
What does a guy with 2 right feet wear to the beach?
What's the difference between a pizza and a Jew?
When does money fall from the sky?
Why was the cannibal sad at dinner?
Why do Cows have Hooves instead of Feet?
Did you know Albert Einstein had a kid? And that kids name was...?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish man?
What's big, black, and red all over?
What's a Southeastern Asian business professional's favorite food?
What do you call a camel with three humps?
How do you tell a male chromosome from a female chromosome?
Why did the trigonometric function go to the tanning salon?
What's a Jew's most hated pokemon?
Whats the difference between a Snowman and a SnowWoman?
Why are tennis equipment factories so loud?
what do you call an Irish man sitting in his garden?
Why does Hillary Clinton wear so much makeup?
How do you think the unthinkable?
Teacher: why do I hear talking?
What is the difference between a golfer and a skydiver?
What do you call a drunk muslim woman?
What's the worst part about eating out an 80 year old?
Why is Jesus black?
How do you think the unthinkable?
Did you here about the circus fire?
Ever hear about the Roman general who had a fit every time there was cold weather?
What did the pirate say when he turned 80?
What does a vegetarian hunter say before dinner?
How are strippers and Subway workers similar?
What type of weather has the worst attitude?
What's the definition of endless love?
What do you call a Chinese millionaire?
Why does Bernie always hold the podium while giving a speech?
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump get into a car crash, who survives?
What do you call the soft tissue between a shark's teeth?
What do somolian pirates use as weapons?
What do you call a blonde, balding teenager?
How do you know the Japanese mass murderer was a chef?
Why don't rabbits like beer?
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why do White Supremists call this month "The Holocaust"?
What's a pedophile's favorite shoe?
What do I need a girlfriend for?
What are mixed feelings?
What do you call a person with a Simpsons fetish?
What's the heaviest soup?
I don't know Why people called me racist?
What's one thing a girl can tell a guy that can make him happy and sad at the same time?
Why doesn't Hitler run a marathon?
Why did the toy company stop donating toys to kids in Africa?
What's black, white, and red all over?
What is a Mexican's favorite FPS?
Why cant orphans play baseball?
Why is Alabama the smartest state?
What did the feminist say when she saw a guy laughing at her picture on the Internet?
Why does Hillary Clinton want to have sex with Bill first thing in the morning?
How many chains does it take to enslave a black person in the twenty-first century?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth?
Why did the mafia boss get banned from the aquarium?
Why do people from Istanbul always swim?
What do you call Bruce Lee's mom when she's making obvious statements?
What did the icecream truck say to the hipster?
What does a bodybuilder do while waiting in a long line?
Why should you always accept free cocaine?
Why did the hunter scold his blonde wife after she shot a moose over quota?
What's the difference between an engineer and a prostitute?
What is the big hairy thing between Napoleon's legs?
what do you call a fish with no eye?
Every Woman has a V, What am I?
Q: Why are Republicans always so strung up about 9/11?
Why is there only a stairway to heaven but a highway to hell?
What is Donald Trump's favourite Olympics event?
What did the green grape say to the purple grape?
What does a man call a gorilla he loves?
What drug does the lord use to get work done?
You are Darth Vader. How can you tell if your stormtroopers just played paintball in their freetime again?
What do you call someone who has a long experience in treating animals, but has no umbrella?
What do you call a car that you only drive in the fall?
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light bulb?
Why can't Jesus eat pizza?
What sits in the kitchen and gets smaller and smaller?
Why don't Americans like their dollar coin?
What happened to the performer who read poetry to terminally ill patients?
Why did Uhuru get mad?
What's the difference between a slab of meat and someone who hates high school students?
Why did Muhammad cross the road?
Why are most cemeteries fenced in?
Why couldn't the Sailor steal other peoples work?
What do you call a group of bankers?
How did Pavlov keep his dogs so fluffy?
What do you call a nun in space?
What are the three rings of marriage?
Why is a horny walrus the same as a Tupperware enthusiast?
How do you know whether somebody is a vegan?
Why was the distracted man fired from his job at the distillery?
What's a Norwegian's favourite car?
Why couldn't the watermelon get married in Vegas?
What does a redneck say after sex?
What N-word do you never want to call a black man?
What's the difference between an epileptic cornhusker and a hooker with diarrhea?
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call a man with no shins?
What is the best time to watch Predator?
What'd the muslim say when he walked into the gay bar?
How do you want it die?
How many indie kids does it take to change a lightbulb?
I didn't who created the app...Pokemon GO?
Why did the customer choose T-Mobile?
Where do bourgeois monarchists get their coffee?
What's the fastest drink in the world ?
What has four wheels and flies?
Who are the biggest nay-sayers on Earth?
What type of cow produces both milk and potatos?
Why did Ben seem so down?
Donald trump, Hillary and Black hole, what do they all have in common?
Genderfluid?
What's the phrase for when a bird spills a drink?
Which pirate makes the best food?
What's the difference between an archeologists convention and a basketball team?
Did you hear about the Spanish Perfume?
How do you make Donald Trump lose weight?
What's better than a hot 29 year old?
Why are American police officers so bad at snooker?
Why do people point at their wrist when asking for the time?
Why do SJW Women close their eyes during sex?
What do you call someone that steals shoes?
What do you call a Japanese woman who enjoys sex?
How do you get four gay men to fit on a barstool?
Where does Phil Collins record all of his music?
How do you know when Vladimir Putin has a cold?
what do you call it when a mathematician does a magic trick?
joe. joe who?
What do you say when a corrupt Soviet takes a bathroom break right before war?
What do women in the Middle East and Millennials have in common?
What do you award to someone who comments in a thread from a month ago?
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
What do you call a mushroom that likes to party?
What's the name of the strongest duck out there?
Why didn't Noah let the Tasmanian devil in?
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do they teach in ISIS business school?
What do you call a shipping crate full of snails?
What do Pokemon Go and Tinder have in common?
Where do you find dragon milk?
What is Hitler's favourite animal?
What has 90 balls and screws old women?
Why did the redneck cross the road?
Have you ever wondered why Aspirin is white?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Did you hear about the guy with no penis?
Did you know Japanese goddess Izanami was a Nazi?
How do you make someone shit easier?
How do you kill a troll?
How many super saiyans does it take to change a light bulb?
What would a Scotsman call a mountain which is on the moon?
Have you ever.....?
What's the best way to turn a pussy into a dick?
What happens when you leave 50 lesbians and 50 lawyers in a room?
What did the Mexican gang member say when two large houses fell on him during an earthquake?
Why do Jews have big noses?
This morning I ran into Hitler. I was very surprised to see him and asked him what he was up to?
What do you call two old black men standing in a shed?
When does a joke become a dad joke?
What is the difference between a toad and a horny toad?
What has TWO wings, and ONE arrow?
Why don't women like drinking beer at the beach?
Yo girl, are you a zero APR loan?
What did one sheep say to the other?
What do you call a horny dog???
What's the best part about Dragon Ball Z?
Why did the pig stop sunbathing?
What's the most commonly heard phrase in a gay bar?
What's yellow and sleeps alone?
What is Serena Williams' favorite time to practice?
An art thief gets caught after a heist, how so?
Why are Mexicans so nosy?
Why did the woman fall into the well?
What did one DNA say to the other DNA?
A bard walks up to a bored leprechaun. How many tunes should the bard play?
What kind of database does a Pokédex use?
what would happen if all the rattatas died?
What makes for a great relationship but a shit gaming partner?
What do you do if a gang of clowns attack you?
Is your refrigerator running?
What's the difference between pokemon go and my girlfriend?
What is the difference between a driveway and rape?
What is a politician's favorite kind of tea?
What's Harambe's favourite operating system?
What do you call a gay person from Wisconsin?
Why do Norse gods never ice skate?
How does Stephen Hawking have sex?
What's the difference between your dad and this joke?
What are the Greeks forced to eat in their hyper-inflated economy?
Boy: Why is the food so cold and bland?
What do you call a horny Catholic?
Why is turkey happy?
Are you grateful that your pop died?
What's ET Short for?
What excuse did the unemployed cellist give for going dutch with his date?
What is less Kosher than a bacon wrapped shrimp?
What do you call a Thug-Magician?
Why shouldn't you get asylum in Russia?
There are three fourth graders, a white boy, a black boy, and an asian boy. Who have the biggest dick?
How did the dickhead react to his first blowjob?
Is your refrigerator running?
Why do we drink Tea?
Mary and Abbey who?
Did you know about the 6'7" Proctologist who had fight with his patient?
What is the dumbest animal in the jungle?
What do you call a psychic midget that escaped from prison?
Why did the University of Kentucky have to put AstroTurf down on the stadium?
why dont jewish people like getting made fun of?
How do you know when you're at a gay picnic?
What will Melania Trump say to mexicans if her husband becomes president?
Why did the boat dock with the all of the other boats?
Why does Snoop Dogg use an umbrella?
Why don't they play poker in the jungle?
What do you call a nun in a wheel chair?
What's the funniest thing you have heard about US Politics?
Do you know why Friday are always hot?
Why did the agnostic chicken cross the road?
What do a dog and a nearsighted gynecologist have in common?
Why did the Jonestown jokes never catch on?
Who's the fastest cyclist in the world?
Knock, knock. Who's there? Alan Rickman and David Bowie. Alan Rickman and David Bowie who?
What is a Mexicans closing sales pitch?
Did you hear Cyan delayed the release of Obduction again?
What is the longest movie of all time?
What's worse than having 10 dead babies stapled to one tree?
Can you name all the dissimilarities between men and women?
Is your refrigerator running?
What makes a USPS joke funny?
How many Kardashians does it take to change a lightbulb?
What did the Afghani immigrant say when he got a new truck?
Why was the 45 year old businessman losing his hair?
What does a muslim say when he makes a mistake?
Why can't a terrorist tell a joke?
What makes a fencing post extra funny?
What do you call a guy in a wheelchair?
What makes a fencing joke extra funny?
Do all black people have a problem with slavery?
Did you hear about the stand-up comedian that joined ISIS?
What did Jon Snow drink with the wildlings to celebrate a battle victory?
What do you think of Theresa May?
Did you hear about the greedy red bird?
What's the one thing Spider-Man can't eat?
What does a teenage southern girl say while having sex?
What's the difference between Santa Claus and the Jews?
What's the simplest way to make edibles?
Why does it take artists so long to charge their phones?
Where do suicide bombers go after an explosion?
Have you guys heard of the unsolved Riemann Hypothesis?
Why did the console peasant cross the road ?
What's a priest's favorite type of rock?
What's a Freudian slip?
Why don't the police protest against BLM?
What did the beaver say to the tree?
What did a bad teacher tell their wisecracking student?
What do you call a pig sitting on a hog?
Who's the greatest baller of all time?
What gets wetter and wetter the more it dries?
How do you know a neighborhood is too ghetto to film in?
Whats more bruised than an old apple?
Who is fattest person alive?
Has this one ever been used? Why didn't the chicken cross the road?
What type of cheese is not yours?
Two Pokémon players run right into each other, what does the one say to the other?
Did you hear about the woman who beat Usain Bolt?
Why do people take such an instant dislike to Ted Cruz ?
What do martial artist love to drink?
Where is the best vision in Oklahoma?
How do Vaginas Like Their Eggs?
What does a pornstar use to build a wall?
What did the zero say to the eight?
Whats the difference between a dog and a fox?
Why did Tupac go to the gym?
Why is Pokemon Go Banned in Saudi Arabia?
What do you call mustard that's not very hot?
Is your refrigerator running?
What do you call a magic dog?
How does a Redditor greet a woman from Kuala Lumpur?
How do ducks pay off loans?
What do you call the surveillance system that watches us all whilst we are in the bathroom?
Q: Why have all these complete strangers started to poke around outside my window?
Why did Hitler cover his eyes?
what do you call 5 Asians, a Mexican, and an expletive?
What planet would have the highest Indian population?
Why couldn't Jesus eat M&M's?
Why does salt melt snow?
What's the difference between me and your mom?
What do you call a budget that's cut short from the middle?
What do you call an equation with no solution?
What's the difference between a snow man and a snow woman?
What's Anne Frank's martial art style?
What do you call a sad elk?
What did Melania Trump say to her speech writer?
Cop: Sir, have you been drinking?
How many babies does it take to paint a wall?
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Trainer?
What does Brian Johnson say on the beach?
Which part of a vegetable is the hardest to chew?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
Did you hear about the brake pedal who had to leave his job?
How do you tell the difference between a perv and a misogynist?
What did the doctor say when he delivered a blonde-haired baby to an expecting Chinese couple?
What do you call a golf club in the rear of your car?
Why can't the cop stop beating his meat when the lights are off?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
What's strong enough for a man but made for a women?
What's your best two line joke?
What's the difference between a Mexican and a beaner?
Why are fire engines red?
What's the last thing you want to hear when you're giving a blow job to Willie Nelson?
What's the difference between a black man and a nigger?
What happens when the White House runs out of eggs?
What is the only word in an English dictionary spelled incorrectly?
Who's an all male rock group that doesn't sing?
How are ghosts and smart trump supporters similar?
In 2016 Scott Baio has called Hillary Clinton a cunt, Chris Christie has called her a criminal and Ben Carson has called her a Lucifer worshiper. What will they call her in 2017?
How do you circumcise Donald Trump?
What do nine out of ten people enjoy?
What do you do if your GF is having siezures in the bathtub?
Mommy, why were you bouncing on Daddy's belly last night?
What do you get when you mix triangles with Tumblr?
How many Freudians does it take to change a light bulb?
Why do Democrats like to play Pokemon?
What do astronauts put on their toast?
Why do white people shop from black people's yard sales?
What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver?
What is a thing that Alan Rickman and David Bowie both have in common?
What do earth scientists look at on their lunch breaks?
What do you do with an epileptic in a bathtub?
What do Germans and acetone have in common?
How many dead babies does it take to paint a wall?
What’s the opposite of irony?
How do you make a tutu?
What happened?
What does Melania disagree with Donald on?
Why is the ocean so salty?
Why did the chicken fall in the well?
How many Mexicans will make it across the border when Trump becomes president?
What does Ray Charles' fictious girlfriend and this joke have in common?
What happens when an illiterate insect becomes enlightened?
How many Greek Catholic monks does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why does Melanina disagree with Donald over Obamacare?
How do we know that Jesus wasn't born in Mexico?
What happens if now discovered the truth: Female are XY, Male is XX?
Skips or Quavers?
What did the black intellectual name her twins?
What do you call a pretty girl who doesn't speak English and uses common phrases from English reference books in speeches she writes? Plagarist. What do you call a woman who steals whole speeches from a Jewish guy from Brooklyn?
Why do americans like to visit Rome so much?
What do you call a dog in a submarine?
Why do terrorists hate wine?
Why does Donald Trump keep putting on weight?
Who is the most mobile painter?
Why does Trump take Viagra?
What did Iron Man call his cat?
How many graphic designers does it take to change a light bulb?
What language do birds speak?
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax?
What's the best way to stop a German train?
What do you call an army of corn?
Ever heard of the comedian who died gasping for air after his routine?
What do you call it when Batman skips church?
What type of wine does a gay connoisseur love?
How long does it take to sail from Dorne to Mereen?
Why do nerds masturbate with one hand?
How to say 'hello' in English with a German voice?
How many dead babies does it take to paint a room?
What do you call cows that are best friends?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do you call a artist with a rash?
What's the difference between former House Speakers Hastert and Pelosi?
What do you call a scary horse?
Why can't trump comb his own hair?
What's the most popular occupation in Italy?
What do you call a group of Chlamydia bacteria?
What do you call a confusing sharp pain in the ass immediately after a break up?
How do you pay a bartender?
Why is a laundromat a bad place to pick up women?
Why did the Indian girl suffer so much when she broke her leg?
What does Pingu say when he feels suicidal?
What's a Muslim's favorite TV show?
How many "friend-zoned" guys does it take to change a lightbulb?
How do people in other countries tell if kids are using drugs?
What do you call a hatred for large plants?
What is the advantage that Mexican workers have over everyone else?
What do you call a good looking girl in Wisconsin?
How many offensive jokes are needed to make people butthurt?
What kind of bug bites only at your feet?
What do you call a stolen Tesla?
How are women and airplanes alike?
What do nuns use for skincare?
How many dead prostitutes does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the difference between a pack of pygmies and a female cross-country team?
what would you call superman if he was deaf and mexican?
Why did Sally fall off her swing?
Why would you wear two pairs of pants while golfing?
Why don't many customers go to the tea house?
Where did the cantaloupe go for summer vacation?
Why did no gay people go on the mission to colonize Mars' moons?
Why did the baby cross the road?
What does a baby look like after a minute in the microwave?
Why couldn't Hitler fly a plane?
Why was the naturists wedding delayed?
How many Deadheads does it take to change a lightbulb?
(very dark) what's the difference between jews and boy scouts?
How many redditors does it take to change a light bulb.?
Did you hear that new joke about /r/news?
How many virgins does take to change a lightbulb?
Why did the man kidnap 100 children and kill 10 of them?
What happens if you try to sit on Death's couch?
What's the difference between onions and your mother-in-law?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
How many dead prostitutes does it take to change a lightbulb?
Which country has many spaces to put your car in?
What U.S. state was founded by Muslims?
How many redditers does it take to change a light bulb?
Why do priests like little boys?
Q1: what is a Jehovah's witness's favorite spice?
Ever heard a good joke about sodium?
What's the best airline to fly around the Seven Kingdoms ?
Why did the chicken knock knock?
What's the newest fitness craze sweeping American police forces?
If Valentine's Day is for couples, what day is for single men?
Hhave you not been to Frankfurt before?
What does Donald Trump call the space between his balls and his butthole?
How many French words has the Turkish language recently adopted?
Why would Keemstar make a good NFL cornerback?
What's a pirates favorite letter?
Why can't redditors sew?
What did Helen Keller say after she finished her bowl of cereal for breakfast?
What's the difference between a Pokemon Go player and a Facebook user??
How did worchestershire sauce get it's name?
Is 1+1 hard to calculate?
Why can't any of John Cena's opponents see him?
Why Did The Alcoholic Comedian Quit Performing?
You know whats sweeter than the sound of children playing and laughing?
Whats so great about banging 26 year olds?
What's the difference between a kid and a joke?
What's the difference between Muslim children and black children?
A capitalist is a man with capital. What is a racing car owner called?
Have you met the one-breasted Queen of the Jungle Retailers?
Is it a bird? Is it a plane?
Did you know that 1/3 of the KKK is retarded?
Do you charge for circumcisions?
Why did the semen cross the road?
What has 16 balls and 3 pubic hairs?
What did the sheep use to shave before his wedding?
Did you hear about the sarcastic washing machine?
What's the hardest part about winning crossfit?
How do you know Tiger Woods is one of the richest people in the world?
Wanna hear a Nirvana joke?
Why does Mexico never win the Olympics?
What's the soft stuff between sharks' teeth?
What's the difference between a Blues musician and a Jazz musician?
How does Dracula eat his food?
What was the condiment stand charged with?
How many redditors does it take to change a light bulb?
How many fish did it take to kill my ex wife?
What do you call a constipated Benedict Cumberbatch?
What do you call a greedy Christian?
How many redditors does it take to change a light bulb.?
Did you hear about that Mexican train thief?
Whats the difference between a man and a government bond?
Why do so many dyslexic vegans move to Dallas?
What do you call a big Eastern European sausage?
What's better than two roses on your paino?
Why men shop at Costco?
Why do fish live in salt water?
Where do emos get their gaming gear?
What do you call a humpless camel covered in plastic?
Why aren't kids under the age of 18 allowed to watch videos about duck calls without the consent of a parent?
What has one eye but can't see?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Misty wants to break up, but Ash asked why?
Why doesn't a chicken wear pants?
What's Red?
What's the first sign of AIDS?
What's the difference between broccoli and boogers?
What do you call a gay rubber band?
Dad Joke: What did the horse get on his oral exam?
What do you call Turkey's revolting soldiers?
What's the difference between STD's and Pokemon?
How does traffic form?
Where does general keep his armies?
You know who never looses their work when their computer shuts off abruptly?
Who was the roundest knight at King Arthur's round table?
What do you call four drowning Mexicans?
How do you know all Bernie Sanders' supporters are Harry Potter fans?
What do you call a really bad driver in France?
What did the corn chip say to the battery?
How do you get down off of an elephant?
Why are campers so predictable?
How do you think the unthinkable?
What do you get when you cross an agnostic, insomniac and a dyslexic?
What do you call a midget psychic that escapes from prison?
What do you get when you cross an octopus and a Mexican?
[Dirty joke] What's red and has 7 bruises?
Excuse me sir, how much have you had to drink tonight?
Why did the wee duck hide in the cupboard and give the other wee fuck a fright?
What does Santa teach his elves?
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a 4 year-old child?
Where does a Turkey live?
[OC] Why did Pavlov ring a bell every time a breeze entered his room?
How do you get a Charmander and a Metapod on a train?
How do IT technicians prefer to be paid?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What's the difference between a lorry with good brakes, and a lorry with nice brakes?
How do you call a Pokémon GO player in a rye field?
What is not a truck crashing into people?
What's the difference between jam and marmalade?
Why wasn't the coup in Turkey on Wednesday?
Why aren't "Blonde jokes" funny?
What's red and smells like blue paint?
I escaped the terrorists of Iraq, wanna know how I did it?
Why did the kitchen cross the road?
Are your teeth cold?
Heard of that new product for removing gum that's stuck in your hair?
What has 9 arms and sucks?
What's the difference between a Dove and a Turkey?
What did the string say when the rope proposed marriage?
What do you call a homeless caveman?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Did you hear about the one with the florists?
What is orange and sounds like a parrot?
What happened when Turkey was accused of being Chicken?
What's the best thing about having sex with 25 year olds?
Why cant Mexicans smoke joints?
Why do dyslexics make bad joke tellers?
During lunch, what did one Soldier say to the other Soldier?
Why don't nice people ride the train?
Why does it suck to be black and Jewish?
Price of the GOP ticket?
How did Noah get the animals on the ark?
2 gay guys and 2 lesbians are Going to the beach. Who gets there first?
What is one of Austin Growlers's (the bear version of Austin Powers) most-famous catchphrases?
What do you call a midget hanging around a crime scene?
Why are Biblical scholars nervous about Donald Trump's pick for VP?
Who says building a border wall won’t work?
Is it really 2016?
How does a blonde like her eggs in the morning?
Did you hear the joke about butter?
What tastes good on pizza but not on pussy?
Why aren't pornstars of noble birth?
What do Popeye's fingers smell like?
What do mathematicians and dancers have in common?
How many Frenchmen does it take to stop a Semi Truck?
What did the sluttiest state say?
Is your refrigerator running?
Did you hear the one about the latest terrorist attack in France?
What does a french truck driver shout during Bastille Day?
What do you call a grunge gardener?
The saying goes, "Behind every great man is a great woman. " How is this even possible?
Why did Ross eat all the Kit-Kats?
How well did the Mexican do for his class test?
Where does Sean Connery keep his guns?
What do you call a none in a wheelchair?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
Did you hear about the tragedy in France?
What happens when a cow jumps over a barb-wire fence?
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy?
Knock knock, who's there?
Why are terrorists so mean?
What do you call a lactose-intolerant camel?
After the Heimlich maneuver what's the best way to stop someone from choking?
Why did the blind guy have a burnt face?
What did the muslim telemarketer say when he picked up the phone?
Time to ban High Capacity Assault Vehicles?
What kind of movies do scurvy circles enjoy?
What is the best way to cut a mango?
What do you call a group of people arguing about methods of self-pleasure?
What did the dolphin say to the frog?
Did you hear about the latest truck rampage?
What did the roman soldier say after crucifying Jesus?
What's the favorite chord of a pedophile?
Have you seen the clown that hides from gay people?
What do you call Drake and Josh obsessively watching anime?
What can you find between the toes of the African elephant?
What do elephants use for tampons?
Why couldn't Caligula get anything passed in the Roman Senate?
Which hurts worse: a kick in the nuts, or having a baby?
Why did princess Diana cross the road?
Why do black people play basketball?
What do you call a person who delivers horribly?
What do you call an Asian that has an extra neutron?
Why do elephants paint their testicles red?
What's the highest form of flattery?
What will they call Mr. T after he dies?
What do you call a county that lacks a modern telecommunications system?
Why do kids with down syndrome wear shorts?
Did you hear that Auschwitz had to ask visitors to stop playing Pokemon Go?
What's soft, black, and red all over?
Have you heard the joke you are never supposed to tell a gay person?
Why do women wear panties with flowers on them?
How does a cougar obtain the perfect tan?
What is the best thing about Dwane "the rock" Johnson's physique?
What is the least favorite food place of the Chinese?
What is a penguin?
Why the story tells that Cindarella was at the ball?
How Long is a China-man?
What Pokémon can you find at Auschwitz?
Did you hear about the two nuclear scientists who are no longer speaking to each other?
Why do Jews have big noses?
Who may become a Prime Minister?
What lies on the bottom of the ocean and shakes?
What's black & white and can't turn around in an elevator?
You hear about Hideo Kojima's remake of Pretty Woman?
Why did the Seven Dwarves fire Snow White as their Foreman at the mine?
Why did the scarecrow win the award?
What do you call a drunk who happens upon the scene of a crime?
Why don't Pokemon cards ever have any typos?
What do you call a psychic midget who escaped from prison to go to Death Valley to shoot up?
What did the doctor say to the man who walked off the roof of his house?
What's brown and sticky?
Why is DJ Khaled's favorite number 11?
What's the difference between my basement and a Ferrari?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What's the dumbest animal in the jungle?
Why does Jerry Sienfeld clean up on tinder?
Pickup Line: How do you like your eggs?
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a crab with breast implants?
What do you call a black man camping?
Why do bald men cut holes in their pockets?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How does a Welshman find a sheep in tall grass?
Why couldn't the two melons get married?
How fast can a bear run?
What did the bacon say to the sandwich?
What do you call a witch that only eats sand?
What kind of dog suffers most from being inbred?
What's the worst thing about a lung transplant?
If you're American before you go in the bathroom and American after you leave the bathroom, what are you while you're in the bathroom?
What did T say to reassure V?
what's th difference between a gay man and a refrigerator?
How do you know if a joke is a dad joke?
What do you call an Irish phone technician who's always calling in sick?
What you get if you cross an r/jokes redditor with an author of books about the past?
What was the last thing the snowboarder ever said?
A T-100 is sent back to 2016 to terminate Trump and Clinton. Who survives?
Civil War Jokes?
How do you make a musician's car more aerodynamic?
How do you keep an amish girl happy?
Why shouldn't you change around a Pokemon?
What's the worst part about admitting to your friends and family you play PokemanGo?
What's small and green and smells like pork?
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11?
Did you hear about the holocaust museum banning Pokemon?
What's the temperate inside of a ton-ton?
What do you call a group of dogs?
What bill is the Congress's favorite?
What's the difference between a singularity full of booty and Jesse Jackson?
Why did the black med student wait all day at the rear entrance of the student cafeteria?
What's the difference between a drug dealer and a homosexual?
why did the latina girl get pregnant?
What do you call a girlfriend who does kegel exercises?
What do you call a sexually active spaghetti?
What do you call cum after dinner?
What do you call a cow having a seizure?
What do Winnie the Pooh and Ivan the Terrible have in common?
What do you call a barn full of black people?
Whats the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler?
Why can't the armless girl comb?
How german are you on a scale on 1-10?
How do Jamaicans pronounce bacon?
What do you call a dwarf psychic who has escaped jail?
What did the waitress say to the man who wouldn't stop staring at her while she refilled his glass?
What's the difference between a joke and 3 cocks?
Why did the tractor trailer mechanic always have half an erection?
what do you call a sad tree?
Where does the king keep his armies?
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor?
What are the man with no shoes say when he was forced to walk on broken glass?
Did you hear about the cow that tried to hurdle a barbed wire fence?
What do a lesbian bar and a vegan's freezer have in common?
What's the difference between a vitamin and a hormone?
What do you call your friend from Prague who beat you at chess?
What do you call a deaf pokemon go player walking into traffic?
What's the difference between life and wife's rant?
Who's the most popular guy in the hospital?
Which news outlet has the most interesting Black Lives Matter coverage?
What is the similarity between a projector and an ugly prostitute?
What's a baby hen called?
How do astronauts make a party?
Which part of your body shuts down last when you die?
Did you know?
Where did Noah keep the Bees?
Why is the horse is Hitler's favourite animal?
What do bisexuals use for transportation?
What kind of superhero would Caitlyn Jenner be?
Did you hear about the guy who overdosed on Viagra?
What do you call a Mexican that lives in Maine?
Is your refrigerator running?
Did you hear about the salad who went missing?
Who earns a living driving their customers away?
What's brown and sticky?
Did you hear about the fire at the cheese factory?
Is your refrigerator running?
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe?
What do you call an Indian woman who sits in front of the fire with her legs open?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
how many jews can you fit in a car?
What do people and trees have in common?
What is the pH of a public pool?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
[Dark Humor]Why is suicide illegal?
Did you hear about the new corduroy pillows?
How is credit like cocaine?
Any ideas for 'insults' that have no right answer? For example: did you get caught beating off in the corner?
What do you call sheep in the Middle East?
Where did Sally go during the bombing?
What's the best part about being an orphan?
Did you know a load of hairy gay Theodore Roosevelt impersonators had a meal in the park today?
Why do walruses just love a Tupperware party?
Why did the cat cross the road?
Did you hear about the topologist who got in shape through surfing?
Why did Sally cross the road?
What did the Officer say after arresting the crooked cook?
What kind of newspaper do cows read?
What's the difference between dreams and memes?
What do programmers hate more than fat women?
Where do you put dead typists?
What did Victoria say to Vancouver?
What's an argument in the Middle East but a compliment in the U.S.A?
What Does A Chinese Man Need When Taking his Dog Out?
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How do you defeat your enemies?
why did the emu cross the road?
What do you call a tenor with erectile problems?
What do u get when u give a rodent date rape drugs?
What does a cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend?
What do you call a nazi gardeners foot pain?
What is a prisoner's favorite punctuation mark?
What do you get when you have sex with an STD infested mentally challenged person?
What's the difference between training wheels and training bras?
What was the true purpose of the Ice Bucket Challenge?
What is the difference between Pokémon Go and Tinder?
What is called when an insurance company assesses a totaled car?
What is the difference between Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton?
What's the difference between love and lust?
What movie contains the most micro aggressions?
What job do you never stop training for?
what's the difference between light and hard?
How do you stop being an 18 year old Virgin?
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Trainer?
What is skeleton?
What's the most popular pub in the Middle East?
What do you call ten Frenchmen who stand in front of their goalie for 90 minutes?
How many Germans does it take to make a negative?
What’s the difference between a baby and a feminist?
What is an Hommish woman's fantasy?
Does French wine really taste like urine?
What is the difference between a feminist and a hockey player?
What's long, hard, brown and sticky?
Q: Why is sex like math?
What Overwatch character sucks at making original art?
What's Blue, Orange and Lying at the Bottom of a Swimming Pool?
How do you get a stranger to hop onto a bandwagon?
What's the downside to bigamy?
How did Jesus get so ripped?
How do you get a Twinkie pregnant?
How many reposters does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the difference between a Catholic Priest and acne?
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
What do you call the unjust murder of someone?
What is a pirate's favorite restaurant?
What company makes the best fireworks?
Why did the kid eat his homework?
In Washington, D.C. there is a street - K Street - known to be the location where most of the lobbying firms and lobbyists are located and work. Why is it called "K Street"?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lima bean?
What is Walter White's favourite brand of ketchup?
What did the other nose say to the other nose when it was crying?
What did the squirrel say when it saw the acorn tree cut down and taken away?
What is the name of your friend's advisor?
What do you call a white guy with a gun?
Why can't Intel-based phones enjoy Pokémon Go?
Hey girl, is your name Hoover?
Where do angry mailmen work?
Why did the undercover cop throw a wasp nest at the drug dealer?
How do Jews shower?
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a light-bulb?
Who's the first Jewish guy to get a Heisman Trophy?
What's the worst part of going to a southern family reunion?
Why do lesbians shop at sport authority?
What's the difference between 50 Cent and the Ozone Layer?
How do you pick out the Christian Terrorist out of a crowd?
What do you call war fought with bees?
Who was the worst U.S. President of all time?
What does a cow who's a jerk grow up to be?
What are filipinos horror stories?
Ohio?
How many cops does it take the screw in a lightbulb?
What is Ramsay Bolton's favorite band?
What do you call a Time Machine that can only travel to one location in time?
Why are black people good at basketball?
KNOCK KNOCK.....WHOSE THERE?
Why did the Donkey Vacuum sell so poorly?
What do you call Nazis from San Francisco?
Did you hear about the lawyer selling moonshine from a van outside the courthouse?
What did Watson and Crick study to find DNA?
What's the creepiest body of water?
Why can't you trust an atom?
How much money do gay bars make?
When Johnny was late for class, his teacher asked why?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
Pokemon?
What is the playing surface of the New Orleans Superdome called?
What are the spookiest sounds?
What do you call a black cop?
Why doesn't Coffee get along with milk in Germany?
What do people in Arkansas do for Halloween?
How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why do fat acceptance supporters make no sense?
What do you call a seagull flying over the bay?
What do you get if you cut an avocado into 6.02 * 10^23 pieces?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
What's fast and breathes fast underwater?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What do Venezuelans like to eat with their cheese?
Child: do women have period on weekends ?
What do you call a guy who puts his right hand into the mouth of a great white shark?
What do you call a lazy kangaroo?
What's it called when an Ethiopian does gymnastics?
What did the tectonic plate say when it bumped into another?
What did the DNA say to the mRNA?
What does a black policeman says when he looks in the mirror?
Why was 10 traumatized?
What did the sea say to the sand?
What's a tick's favorite food?
Have you tried the new, ultra-realistic vibrator?
So what do you do for a living? Im in organ trafficking. Fu** ! Dont you have a heart?
How many Pokémon does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did the console games cross the road?
What do you call a short clairvoyant person who just broke out of prison?
Why did the Stormtrooper buy an iPhone?
-What's your zodiac sign?
In Pakistan, what's the difference between an elementary school and a terrorist training camp?
Foreigner? Why not fist her?
Why can't Hillary Clinton be called a female?
Why couldn't the scientist understand what the photon was saying?
Hilary and Trump are on a sinking boat. Who is saved?
How does a person with less than 50 dollars become a millionaire?
What do you call it when you hire your relatives to play with your nipples?
Why are you all sweaty?
Why does ISIS like sheep?
What do biology students do when they do poorly on a test?
What did the jewish barman do when they ran out of beer?
What's a thimble?
What was Anne Frank's middle name?
How do four gay men sit comfortably if there is only one bar stool?
What wind is best for footballs?
What's the best way to get to the front page?
What's cold, hot and chilly all at once?
What do you call a woman with one leg?
What do you call a mooner on the last overnight flight?
What do you call a chicken takeover of the government?
What is it called when someone gives birth to a 40 year old man?
Why did the DJ consider himself to be a part of the LGBTQ community?
What do mathematicians call people with glasses?
What's the generic name for Viagra?
What did the pirate photographer say?
What comes once in a second, twice in a minute, but never in a million years?
What does IDK mean?
Why does society call a man a stud when he sleeps with many women, but a woman a slut when she sleeps with many men?
Why did my sister go down to the fish market?
What is the best part of Pokemon Go?
How do you call Canadian people?
Which street does the police officer live in?
Why is it so hard to get to know Guantanamo Bay detainees?
Why are so many physicists non-religious?
What is it called if someone wears your bra?
What do you call an Irish bodyguard?
What do you call an Irish thief?
What does an Elephant use as a tampon?
Why did France really surrender to Germany?
What do niggers and twinkies have in common?
Why do people never eat clocks?
Why was Mac OS X hired as the prison guard?
What do you call the first Afghan off the boat?
What do you call a bulletproof Irishman?
Why can't Roman Reigns light a campfire?
What do you call a scary prostitute?
Why did the blonde feminist want to be cremated when she died?
What kind of bee can make milk?
What did the man say about the Jewish Bartender?
What's a pirates favorite letter?
What does an elephant keep in his trunk?
Who always wins the insect election?
Why do white girls walk in odd numbers?
What can't I find on the internet?
What do you call a group of medical professionals who navigate around the Horn of Africa without being accosted by pirates?
What do you call an egyptian sun god with a colombian accent?
What's the difference between dead babies and salads?
what do you call a man with a rubber toe?
Why was Jesus crucified instead of stoned?
Why are miners always narcissistic?
What's the German super hero called?
What do you call a Bronie in the military?
What's a pirate's least favorite letter?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What rhymes with Pistorius?
What's Mr. Ts chain made out of?
Did you hear about the midget fortune-teller who was ripping people off with fake fortune-tellings?
What is the definition of disappointment?
What are the ten letters of the pirate alphabet?
What is the only result for Ear-rape?
[OC] What did Remus Lupin say to Nymphadora Tonks?
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection?
How Did I Make It To The Middle East?
How many "suh dudes" does it take to turn on a light bulb?
How are a hobo and a balloon alike?
What did one kid at the playground say to the other kid?
How does a Native American count numbers?
How do you kill a German?
What happens when you give a cow a joint?
Why do conservatives want everyone to own a gun?
What's a Pirate's least favorite letter?
Why did the restless Scottish man have a wet dream?
What does Apu say when people leave him to browse reddit?
Why did barbie never get pregnant?
Why does Britain love tea so much?
What does the bees do with their honey?
What do you get when you mix a dyslexic, an insomniac, and an agnostic?
How do you say hi to a Muslim in Hawaii?
Hi! This is my first time in a Fitness Center. How do I start?
Why did the Agnostic cross the road?
What do you call Bees that make milk?
Why were there 5 Mexicans in a Ford?
Cop: Sir, have you been drinking?
What do Jewish pedophiles say?
How do we know Mayberry's Andy Taylor was a Redditor?
What did the candy say as they saw a group of intimidating crackers approach?
Why did Eric Clapton switch from PC to Mac?
Who do you call about stray cats walking around your yard?
Why did the staff party go to jail?
Why was 7 afraid of 8?
What is the best way to receive downvotes on reddit?
What is it called when a Sailor in the Navy gets a care package from home?
What is it called when you get a bathroom hand job while listening to blues?
Why do cemeteries have fences?
A black man and an apple fall from a tree at the same time. What hits the ground first?
What is the difference between a Boy Scout and a Jew?
Whats a Mexican's Favorite Sport?
Hey baby, are you a gorilla exhibit?
Whats the most sexually frustrated food?
What is the most expensive type of fish?
What's the difference between a baby and a bowling ball?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
What's the Terminator's favourite band?
Why did Tommen jump out the window?
Why is six afraid of 7?
What do you call a black guy who flies airplanes?
Why is it funny when there is ejaculate in the middle of a highway?
What month does Hitler hate the most?
How do you know you are dating a women, not a girl?
What do you call a bad joker?
What's the difference between a Baptist and a Catholic?
What's the difference between Hillary's e-mails and the UK leaving the EU?
What's the difference between jokes and dicks?
What's the most dangerous possession a gun nut will ever own?
Did you hear they had to shutdown Japan's first virtual reality porn exhibition?
How does Seth Macfarlane wishes you Eid Mubarrak?
What's a pirates favorite letter?
What is a Jewish delima?
Why can't astronauts listen to music?
How does Donald Trump smoke weed?
Why don't prostitutes vote?
What do you call a Snake game that doesn't work?
What do you call a rocket-powered car?
What do you call a woman who is paralyzed from the waist down?
How to make a dog meow or your cat bark?
Hear about the guy who broke into a drug store and stole all the Viagra?
Why did the fish jump out of the water?
What do a trickster and a multiplicative inverse function have in common?
Did you hear about the midget fortune teller that escaped from prison?
Whats the difference?
What did one flag say to another?
What is the difference between a wife's argument and a knife?
Hillary and Donald are out in a rowboat. The boat capsizes. Who get saved?
What do you call bread so burnt it can never be ate?
What do you call a terrorist with cancer?
How is Donald Trump related to this post?
What did Jesus say to all the black people before he died on the cross?
What's the best way to receive down votes on reddit?
How do black people grow?
What is a Viking's favorite music?
What do mexicans cut their pizza with?
Why did the pillow cross the road?
What did the elephant say to the naked man?
Why did the semen cross the road?
Where was the Declaration of Independence signed?
June is over?
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman?
What can I eat in the evening in front of the TV that wouldn’t make me fat?
What do the NBA and the presidential election have in common?
What's the difference between England and a tea bag?
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house?
How much do used batteries cost?
What's the difference between a midget chess team and a ladies track team?
What do North Korea and my girlfriend have in common?
What do you call a potato that's also a sports fan?
What is the most inappropriate thing to say to someone who just lost their job?
Does Bryan has a Cranston ?
Why aren't there any knock-knock jokes about America?
Know what the opposite of a dad joke is?
What do you call a Reddit cockblock?
do they have the fourth of July in the UK?
Why fart and waste it?
What do you get if you combine a sheep and a kangaroo?
Did you hear Uber and Lyft are merging?
What do you call a black woman with a draft between her legs?
What would you say to your family if you saw the Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback standing next to a group of owls?
Why can't a blonde dial 911?
hy haven’t you ever seen any elephants hiding up trees?
Where do clowns live?
Why did Monica Lewinsky vote Republican?
What do you say when a Polish magician performs a magic trick?
What's the difference between Britain and Australia?
Why did the suicidal man cross the road?
How many Freudian psychologists does it take to change a light bulb?
What does Donald Trump's hair get at the end of each day?
Why are there no knock-knock jokes about America?
What's the difference between Wright and Rong?
What do you call a Mexican on a riding lawnmower?
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a can?
What was the radioactive senior citizen's super power?
Where did Noah park his fish?
Have you heard of the new crime drama involving a rich dinner party?
Why did the blind man swing his seeing eye dog around by the tail?
What has four legs and one arm?
What do you call 4 Mexicans in quick sand?
Why did the cup fall over?
What do you get if you cross a duck with an avocado?
What do you call a tree that smokes weed?
What's a jawa's favorite type of pasta?
What's the difference between an asshole and a douchebag?
How do you fit four sailors onto a barstool?
What do you call it when Professor X does a wheelie?
What's the difference between a jew and a bullet?
Why couldn't the whistleblower pick up his dry-cleaning?
Why is it impossible to say no to french fries with cheese and bacon?
How many teenagers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why is a bad government like a bikini?
What does Justin Timberlake say when he goes to the bathroom?
Why did the old man sneak past the cupboard?
What happens when it hails in Overwatch?
What's the difference between a repost and a bullet?
How many suh dudes does it take to change a lot bulb?
What did King George think of the American colonists?
What did the guy without hands get for christmas?
What does a blonde think Ecuador is?
Why do women live on average two years longer?
What do you call a person of Irish and Asian descent?
What's the difference between a Jew and a bullet?
How do you say goodbye to your pasta?
What did one loaf of bread say to the other?
Why did the oak tree get his girlfriend pregnant?
Why does Noddy wear a giant red hat with a yellow tinkling bell on the end of it?
Why was the ocean always sad?
What do dads and grammar Nazis have in common?
What does a chemist say when he needs someone to pass the salt?
You ever hear of the Nazi strip club?
What's the difference between Santa Claus and the Jews?
What did Terry-Thomas say before giving oral?
Mom, am I ugly?
What does a polite pirate say?
What do you call an atheist who no longer worships the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
How many clergymen does it take to screw a lightbulb?
What did the puffer fish say to the sea anemone?
What is the integral of to the x?
A mathematician, a physicist, and an engineer are asked "What is 1 + 1"?
What do you tell a girl with two black eyes?
What washes up on small beaches?
What do you say when you don't want anymore Heineken?
What do black spies call one another?
What do FBI agents grill for the 4th of July?
When lesbians get married, which one makes the sandwiches?
What did the ocean say to the lighthouse?
What does have eyes but can't see, has legs but can't walk, and has wings but can't fly?
why is it so hard to solve a murder in Kentucky?
Why wasn't the geologist hungry?
How does someone become a sex expert?
Why are criticisms of Donald Trump unfair?
What do you call a Jewish Tailor?
You know that friend that keeps borrowing money?
How Many Tickles Does it Take to Make a Octopus Laugh?
What do teens and cheap motels have in common?
What do you call a rapper who's feeling bitter?
What happens when you eat fireworks?
Why did the phosphorus atom go to the fortune teller?
What does a horny man living in Northern Russia need?
How does a woman hold her licker??
What is the process for a terrorist kidnapping?
Why are artificial eyes made from glass?
What is the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
Which animal is the faggiest?
When does CPR become Necrophlia?
What's the difference in roast beef and pea soup?
What does Obama say when he is given Kraft Mac n' Cheese instead of homemade Mac n' Cheese?
What does it take to make Mother Russia pregnant?
How does a muslim close a door?
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer?
Why did the hipster's Hot Pocket burn his mouth?
Can someone come by and make my door frame bigger?
What did the halal lettuce say to the halal cucumber ?
Why are black guys getting fatter?
what do you call a cat in a blender?
Why Republicans cannot swim as freely as they want?
Which athletes will not get Zika at Rio 2016?
What do you call a pig that's a lumber jack?
What side of a cake is the right side?
Why aren't Jews easily distracted?
How many babies does it take to paint a house?
What did the surgeon say to his constipated patient?
Whats an American cops favourite shot?
Why do white girls hang out in odd numbers?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do computers snack on?
What is the difference between a politician and a mortician?
What's an SJW's favorite insurance?
What do you call a happy ending at a Jewish massage parlor?
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea?
What sexual position does Canada prefer with the USA?
What do you call a Hispanic guy's quest to get gender reassignment surgery?
What do you call a chav in a suit?
Ya know what the Mesopotamians said to those who try to beat em?
How does a feminist know she's overweight?
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippy from drowning?
What do blondes and the Bermuda Triangle have in common?
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer?
What happens when a cannibal decides to go vegan?
What do Jedis wear to Oktoberfest?
What's the difference between Jesus and Bono?
What if UK's politician changes the lightbulb?
What do you call DJ Khaled crossdressing as Hulk Hogan?
Did you hear about the two fat men who ran a marathon?
Is it a bird? Is it a plane?
How do you turn a seal into a sea lion?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
What is the difference between a baby and a onion?
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball?
How many frat boys does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call a CIA agent that nobody cares about?
What do you call men who are addicted to sex?
Did you hear about the two bodies that got cremated at the same time?
If you're turning left with your car, which wheel steers less?
How boutta blowjob?
How are women and tornadoes alike?
How do you kill a hipster?
whats got two legs and bleeds..?
What stops rape every time?
How do you put an elephant in a refrigerator?
What's a Saudis favourite drink?
What did C: drive say to D: drive?
How many fams does it take to get the sky lit?
Why Did The Hedgehog Cross The Road?
what did the soldier say to the other soldier when wanting him to get in the tank?
What does a nazi say to another nazi?
Why did Newton's wife got pregnant?
What's black, white, asian, and mexican?
What does a feminist get when she can't afford a punching bag?
Why didn't they tell Chris Christie they took his pony away?
What do you call a custard when it goes bad?
What's the difference between being tired and exhausted?
What's the difference between a white girl and a mosquito?
What do you call a smart person in America?
How do Chinese people say "hello" in Spanish?
What's the similarity to Group A streptococci and feminists?
A black guy and a white guy fall from a tree. Who hits the ground first?
Want to see a word that I made up?
When does a lamb become a sheep?
How many communists died during ww2?
What do you say to Jennifer Anniston after she has been stabbed?
How many tickles does it take to pleasure an anime character?
What do Monica Lewinsky and an Asian political correspondent have in common?
Why did the two tampons not talk to each other?
How do fat women defy physics?
What are the most common 3 words used all around the world?
What did the poles do during world war two?
What do narcoleptic people drink in bars?
Why did Kim Jong Un have so many books?
Q: Which polarising comic relief characters actions lead to the rise of a despicable leader?
Did you know the Dalai Lama has a gambling problem?
Can I talk to my son?
What flavour toothpaste do indifferent people like?
Where do farm animals get their groceries?
What's something that's red and bad for your teeth?
What is Rikon Stark's favourite brand?
How Dumb is Earl, Who Supports Trump?
What does aerosmith say when someone asks them for directions?
What was the Mexican owl's name?
Why shouldn’t you tell jokes about premature ejaculation?
what do you get when you put a roofie in lemonade?
What do you call a gunman who exercises?
What do you get when you cross an octopus with a black person?
Why was the welder such a gossip?
What does a Dingo call a pregnant woman?
Why couldn't the set designers plane take off?
How do Canadians say Milky Way?
What do you call a Jewish Pokémon trainer?
What does donald trump use when he plays FPS games?
Why did the cocaine addict come off as really up tight?
Why does the ocean taste so salty terrible?
Whats black and hurts when you get it thrown in your face?
What's a Russian's favorite Italian meal?
How many posters who type 'r/antijokes' on this sub only do it for karma?
What do you call a cross between two KKK members?
Did you hear about the parrot who lives in a bilingual household?
Want to hear a word I made up?
What would be funny about Hillary as president?
How many new states will America get when Trump is elected?
What's the difference between illegal and unlawful?
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Porsche?
How do I turn my new girlfriend on?
what does a black guy and midget have in common?
Did you hear about the new Harry Potter Movie?
What does supervillain Black Man need to do to escape the crime scene?
What did the duck do after he lost his wife, his job, and his house?
Why do moths fly with their legs spread?
What do you call a kangaroo stowed away on the curiosity rover?
what travels around the world but stays in one corner?
What do horses hope for on election day?
What do you get when you cross a motorcycle and a truck?
What did the grasshopper say to the sloth?
What's the best thing about Switzerland?
What do you get when you mix a Dog and a Rhino?
What do you call a Hispanic person holding a silenced weapon?
How did the butcher introduce his wife?
Have you heard about the new female doctor who can cure illness with all natural, homeopathic remedies?
What's smaller than a teenie weenie ant?
Did you hear about the fight between two deaf people?
What do you call a masochist looking for a hookup?
Have you ever smelled Moth balls?
What's a Rock Doves favorite music?
If Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton get in a plane crash who survives?
what happens when a Dobbs or Firestone worker reach a certain age?
What's the different between England and a tea bag?
Why are black people so tall?
What's the difference between tired and exhausted?
What is Hodor's favorite cereal?
Why was the archeologist depressed?
What clothing designer do vampires prefer to wear?
If Steve Rogers was a drink, what drink would he be?
Do you want to get stoned ?
How are STEM majors and inflatable slides the same?
What's Cersei's favourite band?
What does Sonic say during Ramadan?
Did you hear about the guy who fell into a waterhole?
How many boring guys does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Who is a penguin's favorite relative?
A reporter asked from a farmer: what do you feed this goats?
What's the difference between a pizza and a drummer?
Why was the pirate fired from the babyGap?
Spider on your bed?
What do you call a cheap wig?
What does a bartender give you when you need the feeling of a strong drink, but you're not allowed ton consume alcohol?
What do you call a failing brand?
Why did the condom fly across the room?
What do Spanish Muslims call their God?
Why doesn't Ellen have a cooking segment?
How much free space does Europe have ?
What do you call an antelope with 3 legs?
What did the Mexican Plumber call his second son?
How many illegals will it take to build Trump's wall?
What do japanese men do when they have erections?
What has two legs and bleeds?
What do you get when you cross an onion and a donkey?
Did you hear the theme song for new Lego Blade Runner?
Why can a man never starve in the Mohave Desert?
What do British girls do to hearts?
What's ISIS favourite meal?
What is big and hard and red and has hot sweaty dudes hanging all over it?
What did one butt cheek say to the other?
Where's the best place to buy jive cheese?
Did you hear about the girl who went fishing with four captains?
What happend to Tommen Baratheon?
Why do Jewish women love circumcisions?
What do you call the spot on the ground just bellow the red keep?
Are you my daddy?
What Does Potato Do?
How does a Welshman find sheep in long grass?
What do you call a make-believe country for wizards?
Why was the four year old boy from Sierra Leone crying?
You know why Italians hate javohas witnesses?
What do you call a dead fly?
Do you know the difference between a man and a Government Bond?
What do Ted Cruz and an impotent Japanese man have in common?
Why was the 4 year old African kid crying?
What did the experienced guitarist say to the new guitarist that was nervous about playing?
How do you count a herd of cattle?
What do British people call concrete?
What do you say to a molecular biologist who's about to step foot into the ring?
Why did the vulture have to check some luggage at the gate?
What comes after Brexit ?
Have you heard of the famous cow?
What's the difference between a football match and a referendum?
What do you call a dude with a nipple on his head?
What happens when you put dick into vagina?
What is UK's favorite song line?
What does George Bush Jr and Michael Jackson have in common?
How can you find out the gender of an ant?
Why don't you need birth control when having sex with shit disturbers?
Have you ever had North Korean food?
What type of luggage only speaks in short sentences ?
Have you ever answered your own question?
What can you add to any food to make it taste better?
Why are so many doctors Jewish?
You heard about /r/politics?
What does a Jew with an erection get when he walks into a wall?
What does a perverted birdwatcher's list look like?
Are the Brits right?
What were Jeffery Dahmer's last words when confronted about social awkwardness leading to his crimes?
How much money does the Government pay people with autistic disorder?
What do thanksgiving dinner and the refugee crisis in Europe have in common?
A soldier survived mustard gas in battle, and then pepper spray by the police. What type of veteran is he?
What do you call a file that is a petabyte in size?
Why can't student loan get a girlfriend?
Why does Black Widow love sitting on Captain America's shield?
What's Hodor's favorite cereal?
What do you get when you cross a pirate with a pedophile?
Why is Peter Pan's voice so high?
What do you say when somebody cuts in front of you in line for Vietnamese noodles?
How do you fix a car in India?
What do you call a hen staring at a lettuce?
What's the difference between au jus and a jew?
What does Hitler call a stomach ache?
How does Davey Crocket like his pie?
What's the difference between a priest and a pimple?
Why did all of Britain stop smoking pot?
What can I eat in the evening in front of the TV that wouldn’t make me fat?
Why did the clown started his soccer career?
What does a vampire on a diet drink?
What's the favourite beer of a jew?
What's a astronauts favorite food?
Do strangers shit in the woods?
Why aren't digital images of Bob Marley scalable?
Why did the EU start downloading random stuff to it's computer?
Why was Cinderella kicked out of the football team?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
Whats the difference between English Breakfast and Irish Breakfast tea?
Why hadn't the law graduate and the bartender ever met?
Wanna here a joke?
What did the geologist say to his girlfriend before shagging her?
What do you call a closet full of lesbians?
How many mods does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire?
What do you call a blind dinosaur?
What is the difference between a whale, a shark and someone from New York?
What do you get when you combine Reddit with dry humor?
Why was six afraid of seven?
What do you call a nice Canadian meal on a colorful roof?
Why did the firemen go to the classroom?
What do teenage terrorists drink?
How does a Welshman find sheep in tall grass?
Why are gametes best suited to advertising careers?
What drugs do cows take?
Why can't America play chess?
How do you say "virgin" in Dutch?
Hey dad, did you get a haircut?
Why did Lucy fall off the swing?
What's the difference between the mailman and the priest?
What did the sperm say to the egg?
Why does Superman have to wait until tomorrow to fight gang violence in LA?
How do you make a goldfish old?
What did the spring peeper (frog) say to the cow?
What's the difference between a chick pea and a lentil?
What do Lebron James and James Brown have in common?
How can tell if there's an Italian at the cockfight?
What's worse than ten children in one bucket?
Why don't they have showers on airplanes?
What do you call 4 Mexicans in quicksand?
what's the difference between a pilsner and a lager?
Why do people who drink milk struggle to walk?
How long does it take a group of Mexicans to build a building?
What do you call a faucet that won't give water to gay people?
Why did everyone disregard the midget's stand up routine?
What's a mostly red rainbow called?
How many police officers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose?
Why did Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson have to change his diet?
Why does Britain like tea so much?
What do you call a Black Priest?
Why have all Remain voters suddenly gotten so salty?
What is Rickon Stark's favourite band ?
What's black and sits at the top of stairs?
What do you call a dog in a sub?
Why father cheats mom?
What's the difference between awkward and awful?
Why jews have a big nose?
What's the difference between Santa Claus and a jew?
How do Asians execute white people?
What did the feminist say when someone talked shit about their favorite SNES game?
What is Rickon Stark's favourite band?
Where is Macau located?
What do you call a group of senior Japanese comedians?
Did you hear about the fish that went deaf?
Why was the tree in prison?
What is a terrorist favorite Pokemon move?
What has four wheels, and flies?
What do you call a Penis inside a Potato?
You know how I know we are gonna have sex?
Batman : Do you bleed??
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
why didn't the toilet paper cross the road?
Did you hear about the two men who were arrested for stealing a calendar?
What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer?
What do you call an army of toddlers?
What was Bruce Lee's favorite drink?
What's at the end of every movie?
Have you seen the German Comedian that tells nothing but jokes about Sausage?
Why did the Weather channel go out of business?
What Do You See When Pillsbury Doughboy Bends Over?
What do you call a hip Arab?
wHy did the Chicken cross the road????
What happens when Keemstar and Ricegum have a baby?
What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Adolf Hitler?
How many twists does a feminist need to screw in a light bulb?
What did God say to Mary after impregnating her?
What tunnel did Jews go through the most?
What do you call a dog subbing for a music teacher?
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
What's an Arab's favorite car?
Why did Judy Hopps find it difficult to rise in her career at the police department?
What's the difference between a black man and a bench?
what's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
What did the other traffic light say to the other traffic light?
What's the opposite of a gay bar?
What did Gandhi fight for?
Why was hitler's suicide such a suprise?
Why did the pimp's garden dry up and die?
Why is India surprised by the Brexit vote?
Why is moving to Canada always plan B?
Is the EU working out?
What's the worst thing you can do when posting a joke?
How can you spot a blind guy at a nudist colony?
What does the doctor say after colonoscopy?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?
Did you know that all milk has to be sterilized before use?
Where do most pirates come from?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl using the restroom?
What did the sheep say to the farmers crop?
When do Jewish people believe the fetus achieves viability?
What do you get when you piss off the Avengers?
Did you hear about the new Brexit diet?
How does a gay guy remove a condom?
How much space is left in EU?
What's a word that starts with "u" and ends with "w"?
When is a booger not a booger?
How do you destroy an empire?
What is the capital of Greece?
What do they say when batman catches a cold?
What do you call a Mexican that had his car stolen?
What did UK say while leaving?
Want to hear a racist joke?
What do you get when you kiss a sick bird?
Whats the difference between jews and boy scouts?
What happens when a Jew runs in to a wall with a boner?
Why is Santa's sack so full?
[Gaming-Overwatch] Why couldn't the rocketeer hit her target?
What's the difference between a dead baby and a Porsche?
How I broke my cat's knees?
What's the best time to go to the dentist?
What is the main reason people are voting for Brexit?
What do you call a pop-up book about circus clown suicides written by Animaniacs?
What do you call a man who's always in high spirits?
What kind of concert only costs 45 cents?
Why is there a flap on the back of the Navy uniform?
what do you call a poker player taking a shit in a forest?
What's the difference between Santa Claus and a Jew?
Where do orphans go when they're sick?
What did the executioner say to the prisoner?
What do you call it if a white person robs you?
What's the ugliest tree in the world?
What do you call a person with no arms and no legs?
What long and hard thing does a Norwegian wife get on her wedding night?
What do you get when your Grey Poupon dries out?
What's the difference between my penis and my jokes?
Where do Satanic cults get their candles from?
What's Mexico's national sport?
What does the Captain Kirk and toilet paper have in common?
Can you Nazi?
How Do You Create Artificial Intelligence?
Where do you go during a zombie apocalypse?
Why did the console gamer cross the road?
What did the T-Rex say when he stubbed his toe?
Why did Paul Walker die?
Why are black people so tall?
What is a pirates favorite letter?
What did the Flower say to the Bees?
What did the Jew say when he got beaten?
Separate but equal?
Why is six afraid of seven?
A&P Question: What are the two primary motions in Catholic feet?
Why did Simba's dad die?
Why are setups to jokes so important?
why did the blonde make her boyfriend jizz in her water every morning?
What do you call a cereal that boasts?
What's similar between communists and communism?
What did the deadhead say when he got out of rehab?
What do girls fear that's big, scary, and pink?
Why did the gamer and mathematician cross the road?
How do you get a baby out of a blender?
What do you call a sexually repressed bandit?
What's 9+10?
How many liberals does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a bear with no teeth?
What do you call the urge to crack open a cold one?
What was the chicken eating pirate's favorite Elvis Presley song?
Why did the gamer cross the road?
What does it mean when a blind girl says you have a big penis?
Do you know why Michael J. Fox makes the best milkshakes?
What does a arsonist and a bartender have in common?
Why are chickens never invited to the party?
What type of bagel can fly?
Why should you be afraid of a white guy in prison?
What's the difference between a homeless man's testicle and a shot of lidocaine in the ass?
If rivers could speak, which river would always say no?
What's the difference between a sandwich and a baby?
What does a robot do after a one night stand?
What did the policeman do to his fear of the dark?
What is worse than biting through an apple, and finding a worm inside?
What's the most commonly misspelt blood group?
What do spinach and anal sex have in common?
A: Do you miss your ex?
How do you ruin a good joke?
What do you call an unconvincing stick insect?
​Why do Catholic priests like Indian restaurants so much?
What is a Nazi's favorite breakfast?
What's the difference between Superman and Roman Reigns?
What is expected from ISIS women?
What do Germans look at on the internet?
What is the difference between a man falling from a 2nd floor and a man falling from an 8th floor?
Where do ISIS fighters go to purchase soda and candy?
Why did the guy stick guano up his butt?
How many children does an average Belgian have?
Where did the homosexual Indian get his car fixed?
How do you make a dumb person curious?
Did y'all hear the one about the tortilla song?
what is obamas last name?
What's a pirates favorite letter?
What's more inbred than English monarchs?
What's the difference between a Northern fairy tale and a Southern fairy tale?
What do you call a bagel shortage?
what do you call a dog who sits on a bench and reads his newspaper?
How do you persuade the US Senate to regulate the laws on guns?
What do you call a crazy Mexican dog?
Hey Iggy Azalea, do you consider yourself an optimist or a pessimist?
Why do the melons have to have a traditional marriage ceremony?
What's worse than getting a penis drawn on your face?
What is a long room with many doors called?
What do you call a castrated Chinese?
Who is the best guitarist in the entire Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles universe?
What's the stupidest animal in the jungle?
What color eyes did Kurt Cobain have?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
How many super saiyans does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call something that makes fun of people and can fly?
What do you call a large vehicle that travels the world serving breakfast?
How do you interrupt a vegans dinner?
How does a Jew do the gardening?
Who was the roundest knight at the King Arthur's round table?
Whats the difference between a jew and pinochio?
How do skeletons make a baby?
What are the hardest industries for men?
What's a Jew's least favorite thing about summer?
Why do hipsters burn their lips when they drink tea?
What do asparagus and anal sex have in common?
What kind of tea do koalas drink?
What's a Judge's favorite drink?
What do you call a singing computer?
What's the difference between a sorority and a circus?
What is Donald Trump's most effective form of contraception?
Whats long and black?
Did you know that Sir Isaac Newton remained a virgin until his death?
Q: What has 18 legs and catches flies?
What 3 things that tell the truth?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Where did Budd put his clothes when they got bloody?
Four gay men live together in a house. Micheal and Habib, who are married and Chris and Stephen,who are married. No one else comes to the house. All the men have crew cuts. Chris shower snakes the shower one day and finds long black hair in the drain. How is this hair in the shower?
What's the similarity between Donald Trump and mashed potatos?
What's Osama Bin Laden's favorite football team?
What is Fetty Wap's favorite time?
What's better than roses on a piano?
I'masinglesexuallyfrustratedastronaut.YouknowwhatIcouldreallygofor?
What do you call a kinky spy?
Wanna hear a funny joke?
What did Magic Johnson give his teammates after winning an NBA title?
Hi Operator, Can you connect me to Steph Curry?
What is the etymology of the word "politics"?
What do you call the butt end of a banana?
What did the Middle Eastern dishwasher say when his boss asked him what he did all day at work?
Why is the USA so bad at chess?
How do chickens get strong?
What is another name for a knife?
What’s the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms?
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable?
Whats long and hard and has cum in it?
how many people do you need for it to be a surprise party?
Why was the cab driver contemplating his life?
Q: How's your visit in North Korea?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What did the cat say when it got hurt?
Who cares that Bush did 9/11?
what type of cancer do mimes get?
What's the difference between a pre-pickled pickle and an ice tray full of semen?
What did one orphan say to the other?
Q: What word begins with M and ends in arriage and is a mans favourite thing?
Who sang the song "my own worst enemy"?
How do you call an extremely energetic terrorist?
What spice do you find in hell?
What do you call an old skeleton's jokes?
What's long, hard, and makes my ass hurt?
For my father who instilled in me the joy of a good joke--or better, a bad joke: When is a door not a door?
Wanna hear a racist joke?
Why did the coffee taste like mud?
How do you stop a Lion from charging?
So I went fishing with this Jesus guy. Boat started sinking. I said What do we do now?
What do pencils, poop and Golden State Warriors have in common?
Did anybody hear about Golden State?
What's a woman ideal husband?
how do you make something small warm when it only responds to gestures?
Guys I need help. What are the type of numbers you get when you take an integer and add it to itself?
Why did Tigger look down the toilet?
What do you call a lad that put on his glasses?
What did the dog say to the old tree?
How do Chinese people know what to name their children?
What does a parrot named Larry talk about?
[Dirty] How does Leia spend Father's Day?
Where do shoes receive their military training?
How does a pregnant black woman fight crime?
How did the quadriplegic cross the road?
Why can't owls breed in the rain?
How do french thank who save their files?
How does Kylo Ren celebrate Father's Day?
What did one bird say to the other bird when he played five aces in a poker game?
What do you call an asthmatic vampire?
How do you know when the Star Wars characters are safe?
Why don't orphans play baseball?
Why was Hitler so mean?
what's the definition of confusion?
Who makes the most money from Father's Day?
What's the most confusing day in Harlem?
What do you call conjoined twins with the same name?
ELI5 What happens when a high school calls in a replacement teacher for a subject they know nothing about?
What cheese do you use to coax a bear out of its cage?
What is a Mexican's favorite Olympic event?
Wanna know what 80 year old pussy tastes like?
What did the reporter say to the Jew when a Mexican yelled: "Heil Hitler"?
How many Hillary Clintons does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What did Joe Hill say when someone asked if he was Joe King?
Tits man or arse man?
What is Nemo's favorite drink?
What did cinderella do when she reached the ball?
What is a terrorists favourite dessert?
Why did the alligator go to Disney World?
Is it ok to hate a certain race?
What is the difference between period blood and sand?
Did you hear about the guy who opened a cheese store in Israel?
Why do you have to separate red shirts when you put them into the laundry?
Can you people please stop being so condescending and passive-aggressive?
What do you say when you're comforting a grammar nazi?
How do you guys feel about that new drug-resistant superbug?
What do you call two doctors with the same career?
What did the lawyers say when they finished their basketball game?
Which is the quickest way to make someone lose?
Why does the Egyptian god Ra own every Periodic Table?
How can you tell, with 100% certainty, that no intelligent alien life exists that we know of?
What's the hardest part of roller blading?
How did the muslim get cancer?
Why does a stork stand on one leg?
What starts with "P" and ends with "ORN"?
What’s yellow and lives off dead beetles?
Do you know what is the straw that broke the camel's back?
Did you hear about the new sex app to help men get laid?
What did the tailor say to his customer after shortening the length of his pants?
Why does John Cena set his alarm at 1:59?
What do you call two Mormons caught in the rain?
What does a plankton name its dog?
Hans, are you a nazi?
What's a doll in Hell called?
Why aren't there any mexicans in star trek?
Why does a 6 oz hamburger have less energy than a 6 oz steak?
Do you know how to access gay porn?
Why are there so many gay people in Sweden?
What do you call a conservative Matthew McConaughey?
Why did the golfer wear two pants?
What do you do to a scientist after he dies?
Spanish? Feel tired in the afternoons?
Why do men like breasts so much?
What do retards wear on their heads?
Why do health magazines targeting hypochondriacs have so much trouble maintaining subscriber levels?
What is the most important object in a bodybuilders' karaoke?
What does an electrician say when he's confused?
Have you ever tried to eat a clock?
Do you want to make a small fortune?
What's the difference between Java and JavaScript?
Why did jimmy eat his Homework?
What's the difference between a cat and a comma?
What do you call a Mexican rolling in sand?
What do Dale Earnhardt and Adolf Hitler have in common?
Did you hear about the Chinese brother's that tried to start a German Empire?
What did the tin man say after he was ran over by a steamroller?
Why Trump will not build the wall after all?
What did the acorn say when it grew up?
What's big, yellow, and can't swim?
How do you pick up a gay man in Orlando?
WHAT'S BETTER THAN A ROADMAN!!!!!!???
Did you hear the one about the deaf guy?
All the workers at the nuclear reactor plant left work. They left a sign at the door. What did it say?
How can you tell if a gay guy is dead?
What do you call a female God?
How does one find out the sensitivity of a gentleman's balls?
What did Neo say when Morpheus said: "You've been living in a dreamworld Neo"?
What's the difference between a dead baby and a watermelon?
Why is Amumu always sad?
Why do SJWs hate Pong?
How many Hitlers does it take to change a light bulb?
What does a crappy Carpenter make?
What did the English teacher write when she needed to borrow money?
How do you stop a 200 pound hamster from charging?
What is the unit of power?
How did the Sex Ed teacher explain buttsex to her students?
What do you call a sarcastic Canadian cow?
What do you call it when a lizard can't get it up?
What do you call an Italian with two broken hands?
How do cows do math?
What’s the difference between men and women when watching video?
Why did it take a strong thief to steal a manhole cover?
What is atheism?
What did the frog say when he walked into the bar?
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
What would Martin Luther King Jr. be if he were white?
Ever hear about the optimist that was getting eaten by a lion?
What smells funny?
What does amnesia mean?
Why did Fetty Wap chose that as his stage name?
What do 6.28 people eat?
[racist] What form of humor is nonexistent in black culture?
How tall is a penguin?
did you hear about the Pervy shepherd??
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Which country do doctors hate?
You hear the one about the default subreddits...?
What's the opposite of progress?
Why are stick people extinct?
What do you call a tortoise in a shell suit?
What do you call a cantaloupe who can't elope?
Why does Piglet stink so bad?
What do you call a fat psychic?
Did you hear about the cow who couldn't give milk?
Do you have oxygen and potassium?
What did the drunk penis say to the vagina?
How do you view gays? How do you View lesbians?
Did you hear that joke about mosquitoes?
How do you make a hormone?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Which program do Jedi use to open PDF-files?
Why am I against Donald Trump's wall idea?
What's the difference between your job and your wife?
What do you call a male cow with no legs?
What's Donald's new reality show going to be called?
What's the hard part about breaking up with a Japanese person?
What did the duck say to the cashier after buying some red lipstick?
What do you call a gay dinosaur?
What's the difference between Ronald McDonald and The Joker?
What's better than roses on a piano?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
What did the Mexican say when his house collapsed on him?
Why should you never buy golf equiptment made in New Jersey?
What's a Korean's favourite take on a traditional British meal?
What is Lil Wayne's favorite food?
What do you call a sketchy neighbourhood in Italy??
Why are all the archaeologists single?
Whats another meaning for a women?
What brand of shoes does a paranoid person wear?
Why do mermaids wear bras?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
How did the hipster drown?
How did El Chapo explain his income to the IRS?
Why couldn't Miss Miller find the bug in her class?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
What were the redditor's last thoughts at suicide-bomber camp?
What Do You Call A Struggling Artist?
Did you hear about the couple's resort that burned down?
Why would John F. Kennedy make a horrible boxer?
Can I major in Life Hacks?
Want to be hot?
Did you know Jesus was gay?
Why did the chemist join the Pentecostal church?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How do you find a drug dealer donkey?
Did you hear about the camper who refused to wake up?
Why do white people's feet get so dirty?
What do lawyers wear to court?
What do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking?
What's the difference between an "Ooh" and an "Aah"?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What does Iron Butterfly put in their margaritas?
Where do lions go if they lose their tails ?
Whats The Difference Between A Pick-Pocketer And A Peeping Tom?
What do you call it when a glum man gets crushed to death?
What's the difference between drunk people and black people?
What do you call an Ape that's afraid of heights?
Is it just me or am I the only one who enjoys solitary confinement?
Why did the cosmonaut forget to pack extra underwear?
What is a crow's favorite band?
What is the difference between a duck?
What do you call Mexican Almonds?
What does 100% humidity mean?
What does the Muslim ghost say?
I make you wet and naked people turn me on. What am I?
- Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
How do you measure how sad someone is?
What did the Muslim say when he entered the Gay Bar?
Where do crows go to buy groceries?
Why can't an Indian dress well?
How does a neckbeard greet a tree?
what does the Jewish pedophile say to an elementary school kid?
Do you want to have patience?
What is the worst part about the Orlando massacre?
What's the difference between a white blood cell and a gay-bar massacre?
Hey did you hear about the Orlando shooting?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do you call imitation Vietnamese noodle soup?
Did you hear the joke about the gorilla?
Did you hear about the wanking robot?
What do me and my fridge have in common?
Why does little Timmy keep throwing up gang signs?
How do you endanger the fly species?
What is the difference between Donald Duck and Donald Trump?
Did you hear about the dyslexic girl that developed bulimia?
What do lawyers wear to court?
What'd ya call 50 n*ggers at the bottom of the ocean?
Did you see the movie about oil and water?
Three beans travelled around Australia together, where was their final destination?
Whats the hardest part about rollerblading?
How do you make a napkin dance?
What do a yoga instructor and a Mexican restaurant that only serves water have in common?
Have you ever smelled mothballs before?
Why can't the hydraulic press guy bring himself to crush a can of sprite?
How do you kill a retard?
What do you call a mass that birds attend?
Did you hear the one about Hellen Keller?
What begins with P ends with E and has thousands of letters?
What do you call a gay drive by?
How do you turn a duck into a R&B Soul artist?
Did you hear about the shooting at the Dyslexic makeup factory?
Which traffic sign allows you to make a U-turn on a highway in the US?
How do you know the high heel was invented by men?
Why does Obama keep referring to the islamic state as ISIL?
What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea?
Want to hear a good joke?
Where do Jews buy their clothes?
How do Australian bees please the queen bee?
what did the melon say to the cookie?
What degree did the butt get?
What does the L in Samuel L Jackson stand for?
How many pollsters does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did the retarded kid finger his butthole with McDonalds tomato sauce?
What do gay people call each other on?
What did the blind, one-legged retarded kid get for Christmas?
How do you know when you're lonely?
How are a gay man and a microwave different?
What is the river of negation called?
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon?
What do you call 5 gay people walking one way?
What do you get when you inject a goat with human DNA?
What do sharks eat for lunch?
What did one French Guy say to another French Guy?
How many Police Officers does it take to push a black man down the stairs?
What's black and white and red all over?
How do you get certified as an interior decorator?
How many Bernie supporters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Boy scout: Sir, I found a snake, is it poisonous?
how many kids with A.D.D does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why did the scarecrow win an award?
Why can't Chinese people tie their shoes?
What did the Kiwi say to the Statue?
What happens when a dragon vapes?
How much does it cost a pirate to get his ear pierced?
What do you do when a blonde throws a pin at you?
What do you get when you cross /r/news with /r/getmotivated?
What do toys and boobs have in common?
How many feminists does it take to change a light-bulb?
What has 125 teeth and prevents a savage beast from escaping?
What did the motivational speaker say to the duct?
Did you hear about the man whose entire left side got cut off?
What do you call a bus that identifies with no gender?
What's a cherry's favorite sex position?
How does Davy Crockett like his pie?
Howcome you can't see elephants hiding in trees?
Why was there no food left at the Halloween party?
A man walks into a bar and kills 50 people. Who do you think cares?
Why was the guitar teacher arrested?
What do you call a person who teaches you how to fart?
What do you call a Jewish baby in the womb?
How many servers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What does Kanye West call Kim Kardashian when she has a yeast infection?
What did they call the sugar that went to space?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Do you want to hear a pizza joke?
Why did nobody in the Orlando nightclub fight back?
What's Texas foreplay?
Ever wondered why written jokes about mailmen are generally unfunny?
How do you fuck someone up and get away with it?
Do you know why Abraham Lincoln never committed a crime?
What do you call a skeleton who just had anesthesia?
Why were the dinosaurs so big?
Bread lovers of Reddit, how do you tell your "Sandwich Artist" that they got your order wrong?
What do you call two Wii Us?
How many Fat Acceptance Movement activists does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call a dog magician?
what is the largest dillema for jews?
What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you?
What's Keemstar's pornstar name?
What happens when a lamppost breaks?
Why does it always seem like models' hair is blowing in the wind?
What's the difference between prostitutes and onions?
What do people from the 1930's and /r/news jokes have in common?
What do you call an action of copyright law against a ghost?
What starts with a 'C', contains the letters U, N, and T, is hairy on the outside, and soft on the inside?
What's the opposite of a pharmacist?
What do you call a white guy in an abusive relationship?
Why do Italians throw pizza onto the field after they win a match?
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy?
What do women and fly wire have in common?
How many /r/news mods does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a stoned reptile?
Why did the sperm cross the road?
What's the definition of "de javu"?
What goes down but never comes up?
What's the longest time in which you haven't consumed alcohol?
How can you tell if a gay person is dead?
What's the difference between inlaws and outlaws?
What's the best part about getting a puppy?
How do you find Will Smith in a snow storm?
Why was the mechanic sad he had to replace a wheel bearing?
How do Hawaiians subtly enjoy a bad joke?
How do you know your S&M partner works in IT?
What does a woman and Kentucky Fried Chicken have in common?
ELI5: What is it like to mod r/news?
What do you call a cow with only three legs?
Have you ever tried Ethiopian food?
Why were Popeye's forearms so big?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
Did you hear the new Whitney Houston album?
What's the difference between Kim Kardashian and the Titanic?
What genre is fish-created music?
What do you call a rich Arab man?
Did you here that Donald Trump wants to ban canned parmesan cheese?
Why can't Mexico field a good Olympic team?
Whats the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom?
Did you hear about Linda Lovelace's grandmother?
Why do they put half of the instructions in Spanish?
What does Obama call illegal immigrants?
What do you call it when your having sex with a smart girl?
What did the tree say while it was being transplanted?
What does a Jamaican do when he sees a spaceman?
Hey, wanna take part in a non-consensual sex scene?
What's the difference between telling a good joke and sex?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why do Scottish men wear kilts?
What's an Asian pirate's favorite exercise class?
What's green and has wheels?
Did you hear about the cannibal who was late to dinner?
What do you do if a bird shits on your windscreen?
Do you have aspergers?
What do you call it when some Israelis find a genie in the desert?
[Meta] the hell is farcraft?
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb?
why don't black people go on cruises?
How does a ninja shop for groceries?
When do you use duct tape on a duck?
What did the blonde's mom say before the blonde's date?
How did the sailor deal with the death of his friend?
Girls from England?
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells?
What's the difference between Texas and stupid?
what do you call sick gun safety?
How do you know if an Italian person is mute?
What do you call a guy who falls into a Yellowstone hot spring?
What does a pedophile and a tortoise have in common?
What's the difference between Paul walker and my PC?
What are cats' natural predators?
What do you call six gay people at an amusement park?
Why should you be scared of a white man in prison?
You know what's the biggest turn off for me?
How did the farmer find his wife?
What's the difference between Jesus and picture of Jesus ?
Why is Klezmer music so addictive?
How do snipers communicate online?
What did the dominatrix say after she spanked the wrong slave?
What do you call a fake noodle?
What's a Pirates worst nightmare?
What kind of church music do they sing in Finland?
Where are Goblins from?
Why are sergeants so successful in physical contests?
What do you throw a drowning aboriginal?
Do you know why police dogs are called the K-9?
Did you guys hear that Donald Trump met with the Bilderberg group?
Why do they call wood carving "whittling"?
What's the difference between an awl and a saw?
How do fish get high?
What do you call a fear of chainsaws?
What is the gender of Iron Man?
Why do pirates like birthday parties?
What is a Jewish dilemma ?
What do you call a show about The Donald winning the presidency?
How do weathermen get up a mountain?
Did you hear Kimbo Slice died?
What is the 1# killer of men and women over 80?
What does Sonic say on the first day of Ramadan?
What is a name for a female lawyer?
What's the difference between a a women's track team and a tribe of pygmy's?
What seperates black people and white people?
What do you call a dog with an amputated leg?
What seperates black people and white people?
How do you make holy water?
What do Microsoft updates and Brock Turner have in common?
Why was the Boy having trouble finding power in the Cul-de-sac?
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton, and your ex wife?
What does a stoner order at a mexican restaurant?
Why are boats being driven into the side of the lake?
What has four letters, but a long sentence?
Why did all the Black people move to Detroit?
What country makes the most milk?
If a nuclear bomb was to Attack near you in 2 minutes, what would you do?
Are You a Gorilla Exhibit?
What do you call a mentally challenged Jew?
Who circles a dying gost in the desert?
How do you make a dog drink?
How can you tell if a black man has been using your computer?
Q.How do we know there are so many environmentalists on reddit?
TOO MUCH PROTEIN?
Why did the gay man vote for Trump?
What happens to grapes when you step on them?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
What do you call a Muslim father who works at a supermarket?
How can you tell if a black women is pregnant?
Why do Asians prefer Sony?
What does the sign on an out-of-business brothel say?
Do twins have the same size penis?
Why did the Trump campaign order its followers to destroy all fax machines?
What's the best part about fingering a gypsy on her period?
Why did the brothel run out of money?
You know what's weird?
What has three feet but no legs?
Quick question to the Game of Thrones fans, who knows the origins of "fual"?
What's the best way to pick up a Jewish girl?
What do you call a sleeping prisoner?
What do you call an elephant on drugs?
Found a dead box turtle on the trail. You know how I knew it was dead?
What did the deer say when he left the gay bar?
What do you call sandman when he robs you?
Knock Knock Who's there? Dishes. Dishes who?
What's white, black, and can smell fear?
Do you know the difference between curtain and toilet paper?
Why are members of the American Transplant Foundation similar to rapists?
What do you call a masseuse that only massages men?
Why do Ninjas always wear black?
What do you call one referee who tattles on another referee?
What do you call a menagerie of dogs with overactive bowels?
[science] Where do mushrooms go to university?
Did you hear about the gay midget?
Why do a lot of tech recruiters have herpes?
As a North Korean, you know what really grinds my gears?
How do you make an octopus laugh?
How does Jesus make his coffee?
What's the difference between a Jew and a dollar?
Hey girl, is your dad in jail?
Which Game of Thrones character doesn't stink ?
What do you call a trapped fly in a frying pan of stir fry?
Whats the difference between My computer and Paul Walker?
How many blondes does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What did one ovary say to the other one?
Do you want to play the PNG government drinking game?
What do you get if you cross a Boxer and a Painter?
Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
What do nature and dogs have in common?
Why was the cemetery plot salesman upset?
Yo girl, are you a zero APR loan?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
What's worse than a dead muskrat under your piano?
How does Sean Connery shave?
Why'd the monkey fall out of the tree?
What do you get when you add root beer to a square cup?
What do Muslims and the BBC have in common?
How easy is it to get a song stuck in your head?
Where do psychopaths shop?
What do you tell a man with two black eyes?
What is the difference between a cat and a comma?
What kind of cars do jedis drive?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Who makes the best fried chicken?
What's the difference between a Priest and a Wristwatch?
What do you call cheese that's not yours?
Did you hear about the butcher who backed into the meat grinder?
What do you call a ford on top of a hill?
What is Beethoven's favorite food?
What do you call a beauty pageant for cartographers and magicians?
What did Muslim sonic say on June 5?
What's the difference between a PC gamer and a console player?
You want to hear a joke?
Where do Wildlings get their clothes?
What did the borg say to the medieval peasant?
What religion believes in the Big Bang?
Wanna join a group sex?
Why is the quadratic formula so cool?
What smells funny?
Why can't bicycles stand up on their own?
Isn't it annoying when the first line of a post is the same as the title?
Have you ever seen those documentaries of people who clean themselves like cats?
Why do you want to be buried at sea?
What is Alzheimer's?
Threesome?
How a husband describe his wife?
Why do they call it Black Friday?
What did I have to tell the homeopathic drug addict?
What do you call an honest Iranian businessman?
What do you call a man with a shovel on his head?
What do cannibals put in their soup?
What did the black guy say when he got pulled over?
Why are hurricanes sometimes named after girls?
How do parents in Africa celebrate their kid's first birthday?
Did you read the news about corduroy pillows?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable?
What do you call a frozen Communist?
What is the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?
What does a gangbanger have in common with a soda machine?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
Why was the neighbor's cat afraid of me?
What did Blizzard do on Warcraft's opening night?
How did the frog die?
What do you call a lesbian who drives a 7 seater?
What do you call a woman who raps about men being pigs, rapists, or murderers?
Whats the Difference Between AWD & 4x4?
Who's the shittiest pro basketball player?
What's the difference between Jesus and the painting of the Last Supper?
How many Hilary Clinton aides does it take to setup a private server?
what do you call a mexican working on the side of the road?
Why do the Scottish wear kilts?
Who's the nicest guy at the hospital?
what do vegan zombies eat?
What do you call a man who wears crisp packets as trousers?
Judge: You stand before me accused of being a duvet. How do you plead?
Why'd God make women pretty but dumb?
What is the worst piece in undersea chess?
What do you call a drug dealing church?
Can someone explain why the caveman SpongeBob memes are funny?
What do you call a pig plumber?
How Does a Woman Make a Man a Millionaire?
What do you call it when you spill meth into your cake mix?
What do you call a peanut in a spacesuit?
Did you hear about the campers with explosive diarrhea?
What do you get from a pampered cow?
What does the horny toad say?
What do you call a fat physic?
How do you tell the difference between a plumber and a chemist?
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on an airplane. The airplane crashes. Who survives?
What do you call an illegal immigrant and a pedophile fighting?
Why do priests wear underwear in the shower?
How to make a hormone?
Here's an offensive joke, what's black and white and eats like a horse?
How is Microsoft like a rapist?
How many Jews died in the holocaust?
What's the difference between a gun and a feminist?
Have you seen 'Wears My Penis?
Why isn't diving an event in the Special Olympics?
How did James Bond react to the news that he had impregnated a barely legal Bosnian gal?
What's the difference between a samoosa and a bikini bottom (Afrikaans pun with translations)?
What's a Christians worst enemy?
Did you hear the one about the fish stew?
Why do young girls go to the restroom in odd numbered groups?
How do you know when your roommate is gay?
Why did I get divorced?
Did you hear about the racist dolphin waiter?
How can you tell if a dictionary has been working out?
Why do stoners love English?
How do you kill a gorilla?
Why does Santa Claus have such a big sack?
Why did the bicycle stop moving?
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea???
What's the name of St Thomas More's daughter?
What do you do if you break your arm in two places?
BOY: Dad , is a mermaid girl or a fish ?
What's the saddest thing about being a chicken?
What did Mario say when he found out he got drunk and had sex with a green mushroom?
What's worse than a poke in the eye with a hot stick?
How many potatoes does it take to kill the irish?
What is a physicist's favorite type of pants?
What's the most nihilistic vegetable?
Whats the difference between a catholic priest and acne?
How do Asian women test for pregnancy?
What do you call a crazy guy in a room full of mosquitoes?
What is a cancer patients favorite bingo number?
What do you call a punch that can knock out 40 first graders?
When did Sean Connery get to Wimbledon?
Why did Anthony Kiedis cross the road?
How many cats does it take to make a fur coat?
What's the difference between a pick pocket and a peeping Tom?
What's the square root of 69?
How many Apple employees does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's the difference between Jews and a bullet?
Why did the bee go to the doctor?
Why did the boy peek down the toilet bowl?
What do you call people who use the pull out method?
What's the difference between snowmen and snow women?
How do you catch a unique rabbit ?
What's the difference between Trump supporters and dildos?
What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone?
What do recent college graduates and felons have in common?
How did we know Princess Diana had dandruff?
How do you take care of a baby?
What's worse than ants in your pants?
What's balck on the bottom and white on the top?
What's the difference between a black joke and Mexican joke?
Q: Why can't Ray Charles see his friends?
What's the difference between a lawyer and a bucket full of shit?
What did Noah name the carpentry supply store he set up in Little Rock?
Why was the ketchup in the refrigerator embarrassed?
Q: Why does Michael J. Fox make such good milkshakes?
What do you call an octopus that loves jokes?
How do you know if a girl is on her period?
How do you get a guitar player to shut up?
What can you do with shitty pasta?
What happens when you microwave a DVD?
If you have a white friend who's being bullied, what does that make you?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
What did the boy say when he had trouble using glue?
Who do you call a stupid whore?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
How come men don't watch women's ice hockey?
What do you call a Mexican spell caster?
What do the people of Skyrim use to exercise?
How do you make something go viral?
What do you call "nigga milk"?
(Dirty) What's good on a pizza but bad on a pussy?
What's the title of the Blade Runner sequel?
How do you stop someone from having sex?
Did you hear that the LAPD is training the Australian Police Force?
How do you kill a vampire from New Jersey?
Why did linkin park wrap themselves up in plastic wrap before they jumped off a cliff?
What do you call a lemon staring at an elderly lady?
Why are vietnamese hookers the best?
Why don't Jehovah's Witnesses celebrate Halloween?
What race is Donald Trump?
How come Robert Di Nero doesn't work in Mexico?
Why did the chicken commit suicide?
Whats the last thing to go through the heads of the 9/11 jumpers?
How do you have sex with a fat girl?
What do Trump voters use as bookmarks?
What does death use to harvest souls during the summer?
Why are bakeries always so depressing?
How much did the obese man know about fitness?
What do lawyers wear to court?
Why do meth addicts prefer to do it doggy style?
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11?
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg?
What does the narcissistic cow say?
What do you call a camel without humps?
What would be the most useless superpower?
Why don't chickens wear underwear?
What do the Golden State Warriors do when they're not playing basketball?
What did Bernie Madoff say to Bernie Sanders?
Who's the last one off the dancefloor?
What does sex have in common with a savings account?
If GoT fans of Jon Snow are called Snowflakes, and the ones for Tirion are Tiriots, why is Arya the favorite character of Donald Trump supporters?
Why can't you trust 8?
What are peas attracted to?
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church?
What do you call a frozen hamburger?
What do you call a midget with epilepsy that makes pizza?
Why were birth rates low in 1970?
Mum!! Please can you take me to the toilet?
How did you come up with your reddit username?
What do you call an alligator that wears a vest?
How many DonaId Trumps does it take to screw in a light globe?
Why was the guitar teacher arrested?
What do you call an 18yr old with braces?
What breed will Donald Trumps dog be if he wins the election?
What do you call a person who is a bit of a jew?
What do you call a black Canadian?
What does a snowman eat for lunch?
How did the doctor know Muhammad Ali was dead?
What are the similarities between Cocaine and Gain detergent?
What do you call a girl who does from butt injections?
Who has better beer: Rabbits or Kangaroos?
What do you call an STI in your nose?
What's Shaking?
Hey girl are you an excavator?
What do you call a gorilla that got shot even though it didn't want to do anything wrong?
Why do SJWs hate cannibals?
What do you get when you step into the ring with Mohammad Ali?
In 1940 Russia, a poor man with no car was late to his daughter's wedding. He hitchhiked there with an unexpected guest who drove very slowly. What did he tell his daughter?
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhinoceros?
What's the difference between your wife and your job?
How will Donald Trump decide which ones to deport?
Did you hear the one about the constipated mathematician?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
A toddler is running at 5 miles per hour, and a train is going at 5mph. Which is easier to stop?
Did you know it was women who coined the term, "Bromance"?
Why did the hillbilly cross the road?
Why does Reddit have so many reposts?
How much cocaine can Charlie Sheen do?
Bro have you tried this new kush?
What stretches further, skin or rubber?
What's the difference between a pill and my penis?
Did you hear about the chickpea freedom fighters?
What did the elephant say to the naked man?
Why is Batman so jealous of Superman?
Why can't the T-Rex play the piano?
Why should you never trust an atom?
What did the roadman say when he saw the Mona Lisa?
Why does it take 1 million sperm to fertilize one egg?
What do you call a one eyed horse?
How does ISIS cool down in the summer time?
Whats brown and rhymes with snoop?
What did the bad soccer announcer get in his stocking?
what's it called when you're secretly a norse god?
What's Gordon Ramsay's least favourite movie?
What's long, hard and has cum in it?
Would you slap your cousin for $1,000,000?
How high are you?
D'you want to hear a spoiler for the Jumanji remake?
How can you spot the blind guy on a nude beach?
What are prostitutes paid?
Whats the difference between a Physicist and an engineer?
What Chinese name means 'wolf'?
Why did the hipsters die of dehydration?
What do you call a monkey terrorist?
Why do snakes have no balls?
Why don't babies work?
Can a kangaroo jump....?
What's the difference between Trump and Bush?
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow?
How do two black boards settle their dispute?
How do you offend a vegan?
What do you do when your dishwasher breaks down?
What's the difference between a hooker, your girlfriend, and your wife?
Why was a happy couple weary to kiss at the gas station?
What's the difference between Bluetooth and The Titanic?
What do porn stars have and comedians are?
What's green and has wheels?
Why don't black people get presents for Christmas?
How many sound technicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you say when someone hands you a nice, ripe blunt in Germany?
What is the most Spanish body part?
What do you say when you see your TV floating at night?
Why are you late?
what is an idiot?
What has 72 legs & 26 teeth?
How do you kill a retard?
What's the difference between racism and chinese ?
Did you hear about the man with five penises?
How do you think the unthinkable?
Did you hear about the gay midget?
Did You Hear about the Gender Identity Problems among Robots?
What do you say to a black guy with a job?
why are people so disgusted when someone farts around them?
What's black, grey, and red all over?
Q: If a man's signature is called a John Hancock, what do you call a woman's?
How do you become a snack lawyer?
Why did the goat stop trying to break out of jail?
How do Reavers clean their spears?
A black man and a Mexican are in a car , who's driving it ?
What do you call a car full of nuns?
What did our parents do to kill boredom before the Internet ?
What do you call a suicidal Shinto?
What do you call dark French people?
What do you say when your GIF doesn't work?
Does your girlfriend have 67 protons?
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
What do you call robots that have had their genitals cut off?
Why didn't the physicist like his cheesecake?
What do you call a Jewish piano?
Is the French city Nice pronounced Nice or Nice?
Where does the Lego man get his drugs?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
How many Jews does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Whats Asuma sensei's favorite jutsu?
What's the difference between a man and a woman?
What's the difference between negligence and falling off of the empire state building?
Whats the Difference between an Atheist, a Christian and a Dog?
What do you call an Australian who discriminates against different types of rice?
Why dont you ever see elephants hiding in trees?
I have a question of the most importance!?
How does Spongebob cut a rug?
How do you fix a broken gorilla?
What did Scooby Doo ask Shaggy for to order online porn?
What do you call ISIS after it has been completely destroyed?
What's Jewish and runs?
Can someone help me decide which Nirvana album to buy?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What does a guy from Philly dunk his pretzel in?
Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton are on a sinking boat. Who survives?
What would make Batman really salty?
What's is the difference between ignorance and negligence?
Why won't Monica Lewinsky vote for Hillary as president?
What do you call two hookers fighting?
What animal has bad memory and climbs mountains?
What did the boy with no arms and no legs get for Christmas?
What do you Call a Six Fingered Jew?
What did Miss Piggy say to Kermit at the end of their first date?
What do you call a Transformer that's also an optometrist?
What is the most popular baked good in the porn industry?
Why don't Canadians have many orgies?
Why don't they let gansters play Quidditch?
What do you call a Grandfather Jew?
What sound does a chocolate bird make?
What's the difference between light and hard?
At Little Cesars, what do the prostitutes do?
What do you call a Mexican fighting a Catholic priest?
Why are Toblerone's triangular shaped?
Judy thinks top secret exotic energy tech rendered the WTC into what appears to be a cloud of otherwise inexplicable dust?
Dad joke: What time do monkeys poop?
Where does an 800 pound gorilla sleep?
How do cows go from one town to another?
My SO thinks this is a very funny joke... is it?
Where did Sally go when the bombs fell?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
What do you call people who make pedophile jokes?
What's the difference between a women's doctor and a kick returner?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
Why is the part of a woman between her hips and her breasts called a waist?
What has two eyes but can't see, two wings but can't fly, and two legs but can't walk?
what did the Magic The Gathering player say to the big booty hoe?
What's the worst thing you can hear while taking the bus?
Why do Scottish men wear kilts instead of jeans?
April Showers Bring May Flowers. What do May Flowers Bring?
What's worse than nine eleven?
Did you hear about the fly that sat on the toilet seat?
Where live the knights of the round bed?
What is the easiest way for a stressed astronaut to unwind and decompress?
What does Donald Trump order at Panda Express?
WTF is a palindrome?
What did the comedy club proprietor say to the FedEx guy?
Why does America use the imperial system?
I hear something. Do you hear that?
How do you make hard cider?
Whats Jesus's favorite gun?
Why do the Lanisters have such big beds?
What do you call a queue of boxers?
How do you fit an elephant in to a subway?
What's Hodor's favorite cereal?
(time tarvellers only please) Who remembers the 2016 presidential race?
Why do dentists only want to be awarded with paper certificates?
What is Kanye West's favorite type of audio file?
How do you think the unthinkable?
What to you call an Eskimo peeping Tom?
Want to know why I look terrible?
What's a homophobe's favorite drink?
Want to know a Harry Potter riddle?
What do you call an attractive ghost butt that is at max poop capacity?
What's the difference between the Welland bus terminal and a Lobster with breast implants?
Did you hear about the librarian who was in a traffic accident?
What is the difference between a Peeping Tom and a burglar?
What kind of drug is /r/theRedPill?
How do you pick up a Jewish girl?
Why did the cat die under a truck?
My friend told me that he saw a bowl so big that it was the size of Australia. Which I replied, "Wanna know whats also the size of Australia?
What do you call it when one guy demands that another guy go to the movies and give him a hand job?
What did the kitty say when it ran for mayor??
What do you get when you keep two Lannisters in the same room for a bit?
Why are informaticians always confusing the dates of christmas and halloween?
What's the difference between your wife and your work?
An emo and a leaf fall from a tree at the same time. Who hits the ground first?
Did you hear about the dairy farmer who got kicked off his farm for not having any livestock?
Why do they call it P.M.S.?
Why is it such a mess when grapes reproduce?
What's a rock group with four guys that don't sing?
What's the difference between a hooker and a lawyer?
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob?
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer?
Why did the bee get married?
Anzac Jokes?
What do Ethiopians have in common with Yoko Ono?
What's the difference between American and European kids?
What is the ultimate Jewish conflict?
How many suh dudes does it take to change a light bulb?
What's something Comcast is giving you, besides crappy service?
Why isn't Bernie Sanders campaigning in OKC?
Why didn't Anne Frank finish her diary?
Have you heard about the new super-sensitive condoms?
How did the dictator make it easier for power companies to do business with neighboring countries?
What is Cersei Lannister's favorite American city?
What type of luggage talks in short sentences?
you know how Hitler used to tie his shoes?
What is a German's favorite number?
Why do console gamers use their in game names in real life?
Why Marxists are not good at object-oriented programming?
What's the most problematic time of day?
What did the British man say to his wife after sex?
What's the difference between President Obama and a bucket of shit?
What's long, green, and smells like bacon?
What's Sarah Palin's favorite thing to do in the summertime?
How did the rabbit know his wife was cheating on him?
Why didn't the failed theoretical physicist use the restroom?
What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew?
Did you hear about the crew members of the USS Enterprise that needed help climbing into their bunks?
What's the best way to get a Jewish girl's number?
Why did Trump refuse the debate with Bernie?
Did you hear about the rhyming Indian woman?
What's a hot dog's favorite article of clothing?
What do you call sex on a beach?
What do you call a pile of cats?
What do you call it when you accidentally drop a flower?
Why aren't there any Jewish gangsters?
When does CPR become necrophilia?
Damn girl, are you Daenerys Targaryen?
What is a Muslim womans favorite amendment?
What's the top song by the Vietnamese Beatles?
What's brown and smells funny?
Why JFK doesn't wear hats?
Why are there no headache tablets in the jungle?
Why should you never play poker with a crocodile?
How many Suh Dude's does it take to change a lightbulb?
How do you clear out an Iraqi bingo parlour?
Why do shower heads have 11 holes?
Why would the jewish cannibal eat you?
Why do people never eat clocks?
What dog is the worst at polishing a turd?
What's the difference between a man biking to a job interview and a clown on a unicycle?
Why did the baby cross the road?
Who answers the Crime Stoppers Hotline?
Why is six afraid of seven?
How does an ethiopian open a beer?
What do you call a gorilla who magically smokes weed?
Why was the cheese so sad?
how would you describe US with first four alphabets?
Why did the railroad thief get caught?
How do you make an elephant fly?
Where do porn actresses wait for their turn in a baseball themed orgy?
What's a great dating app for pedophiles?
Why do irish fried beans only have 239 beans?
What did Caesar say when he ran into his friend at a music lesson?
What does a gay bird-keeper do for fun?
What does a transgender person call their sibling?
What kind of cheese can be used to build a structure?
Why are melons so lonely?
If the cow says moo and the cat says meow, what does the dog say?
What did dick say to the condom?
Does it mean you have a small dick if you never got a toothy blow job?
Was Snoop Dogg being serious when he changed his name?
You know what's pretty cool?
Why do rednecks like to do it doggie style?
Why do most blind folks not skydive?
What was the first porn movie about Rappers called?
was that your rat running around here?
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
Why couldn't Donald Trump cross the road?
Why did Donald Trump cross the road?
What's the difference between a catfish and a lawyer?
what is the best way to smuggle drugs?
What are pedophile's favorite shoes?
What did the DNA say to the other DNA?
Why do tectonic plates wear diapers?
What's the point of Jewish football?
Why are Australians so well balanced?
Why do carcinogens want to give us cancer so badly?
Whats the difference between a good haircut and a bad haircut?
how many Morgan Freemans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why do the Marines call it Parris island?
What's big, black, and explodes when shaken?
What do you call a large group of people who spit on others?
Why is Jesus so sexually frustrated?
How do you turn soup to gold?
Have you ever had Ethiopian food?
What did the SJW say to the person who had just been blackmailed?
What do you call an old man whose retarded?
what do you call the offspring of two lesbians?
What do you call an environmental bicyclist?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Which state has the most progressive bathroom laws?
What is a dentist's favorite time of the day?
Why is air like sex?
If we find intelligent life on Europa what will we call them?
is this already a joke?
Why hasn't Donald Trump ever finished a novel?
Don't you hate it when people attach little steering wheels to their penises?
Why was the cow's house empty?
How much is the jackson five worth?
How much does a paint-job on your car cost?
What's the name of your penis?
Student: Are you the new English Teacher?
What is the Arabic word for Priest?
How do you weigh a Hipster?
What is Gollum's favourite bird?
How many optometrists does it take to change a lightbulb? One or two?
What did the cheese say when it looked in the mirror?
What comes out of the mating of a donkey and a bunny?
What separates man from animal?
Whats the difference between a shower thought and a joke?
What do you call it when you turn into a vampire before being bitten?
Whats BNAG?
Why don't SJW's like guns?
What instrument do skeletons play?
What do you call a hooker with diarrhea?
What's the difference between a prostitute's vagina and r/Jokes?
What happens when Captain America drinks water?
What do you call a guy who stands under a bull?
What do you call a helpful potato?
How did Godzilla get the job opportunity?
What is a Catholic choir boy's favorite song?
Whats Hitlers least favourite pokemon?
What do you get when you put a tomato in your mothers shoe?
What do you call an armoire that is secretly used as a closet?
Why didn't the melons get married in Vegas?
Why does Donald Trump take anti-anxiety medication?
What wears a bright red suit and knows if you've been naught..or nice?
Who makes coffee for the U.N.?
What do you call a stupid piece of shit?
What's the difference between an apple and a baby?
You ever fingerbang your girlfriend while on her period?
Is your refrigerator running?
What is the most annoying part of boiling vegetables?
What's the definition of trust?
How do you keep a baby from crawling in circles?
If April showers bring May flowers, what do Mayflowers bring?
Who were the world's fastest readers?
What do they call the 13th floor in England?
When is it too cold to build a snowman?
The son asks the father, how many kinds of boobs are there?
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool?
Did you hear that Oxygen and Magnesium went on a date?
What's worse than ants in your pants?
What is Donald Trump's favourite music album?
Remember when you were a kid and when you cried your parents said, "I'll give you a reason to cry"?
What does the chicken give you?
What do you call someone who can't turn pancakes?
Did you hear about Kurt Cobain's new album?
What do they sell at aloo's snackbar?
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why do farmers put bells on cows?
Why can't you play Uno with Mexicans?
Want to know something really bad and dirty about me?
What do you call a stoner when horny?
Why did no-one want to play a game with the leopard?
Why don't people tell Chemistry jokes?
What is the difference between jam and jelly?
What do you call money on drugs?
Who wins the battle of the sexes in Ireland?
Why women prefer devils instead of angels?
Where would Helen Keller park her car?
How do you annoy people on Reddit?
What do you call a snake that works for the government?
Whats the diff between EROTIC and KINKY?
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Hitler?
What did Mr. Cena's fiancée say on their wedding day?
What's the difference between a musician and a suicide bomber?
What does an obese white woman have in common with a brick?
How do you find Will Smith in a heavy snow storm?
ARE YOU GUYS ALL RIGHT?
what do you call it when a cop goes to a rub n tug?
What do you call the entrance to a prostitute's house?
What did the man say after he was hit by the car?
What do you call a Finnish terrorist?
What kind of farm has lots of books but no livestock?
Why wasn't Daredevil in Civil War?
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What is the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi?
Did you hear about the guy who robbed a kitchen kaboodle?
What do you get if you fuck someone in the ear?
What is the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi?
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and an acronym?
Why did Germany lose WW2?
What does a pornstar say after a short day at the set?
So what are you doing today??
Where did little Timmy go during the bombing?
What is a Snake in a Cage ?
What do you say to a depressed, overweight person?
What do you call a vagina that talks back to you?
THREADS:Why so many repost from top-alltime?
Why is a giraffe's neck so long?
Why did Thor not invite many people to his brother's wedding?
What kind of bees produce milk?
What's the biggest lie of the Universe?
Where is Macau?
What 's the difference between an emo and a cat?
Why can't orphans play baseball?
Why are ships' portholes round?
What does a Jewish man get when he runs into a wall with an erection?
Why are cripples always made fun of?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What's the hardest part about being a pedophile?
How do you know you're at a gay BBQ?
What does a good bar and a good woman have in common?
Did you hear about the African man who refused to accept the fact that he couldn't swim?
What's the hardest part about eating a Vegetable?
What do you call a lawncare company owned by a promiscuous lesbian?
How do you confuse a polish laborer?
Dang girl are you a CS map?
Best Mary Jane joke you know?
What kind of bee makes milk?
What's the difference between Mighty No. 9 and a gay guy?
What is Shaka's favorite Japanese food?
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs inside a volcano?
How do you find out what gender a stray cat is?
If there's a bee in my hand, what's in my eye?
JEllo hooker?
What do you call an Italian pizza chef with an erectile dysfunction?
What's Emperor Palpatine's favorite kind of cheese?
What was the Olympic lifter missing from his bar ?
If cancer and AIDS had a love child, what would it be called?
What do you call a racist in the dark?
What do you call a city-dwelling dwarf that keeps perfect time?
What superheroes refuse to fight in North Carolina?
What kind of bagel can fly?
What is Mike Tyson's favorite song?
Where do poor meatballs live?
What do you call a religious capitalist?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
What's the difference between a drummer and publicly traded stock?
What do you call a carpenter who needs fewer nails?
ADHD cure (Dark?
What do you call an Angry Bird who just got back from the spa?
What's orange and white and stops at sunlight?
How many dead babies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the main use for leather in the world?
How does a skeleton solve a problem?
What's the number one cause of dry skin?
what phone service do traveling nuns use?
What's a comedians least favorite drink?
How do you call a gay person from Russia?
Why does the dwarf laugh when he runs?
What's the similarity between concentration camps and your mom?
You know what's the difference between a housewife and a politician?
Why did Hillary cross the road?
Did you here that Michael Jackson died of food poisening?
Why don't Jews make good bakers?
Has anyone seen the movie Constipated?
Where Did it go?
Why do squirrels swim on their back?
Are you half decapitated?
How does a crazy person travel through the woods?
Where do Muslims go when they die?
How to tell the difference between a bad, a good and an excellent accountant ?
What do you call the tech. at the vets who has to give injections to cats?
Knock Knock. Who's there?
What do you call the sweat on your balls after sex with your cousin?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How did the headless chicken cross the road?
What's the worst part about eating your vegetables?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
What do you call a dachshund with no hind legs and balls of steel?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea?
How did Adolf tie his shoes?
What is juicy on the inside, dry on the outside, and has "apple" in it?
How many reposts does it take to change a subreddit?
Damn girl, are you a maple syrup tree?
Trump for President?
What do you call a dog with two vaginas?
Why did the Mexican throw his wife into the river?
How many dead hookers does it take to change a light bulb?
How many super saiyans does it take to change a light bulb?
Did you hear Donald Trump was in a fantasy action movie?
What's the difference between Mexicans and Jesus?
Did the first woman who lived long enough to stop having her period reflect on her achievement?
Why are pornstars so religious?
What is the population of Somalia ?
What's the purpose of Barry Chuckle's job at British Gas?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
Do you know why Adolf Hitler didn't win World War 2?
Why do no communists drink Earl Grey tea?
What’s the difference between Michael Jackson and a Disney movie?
Where does a mansplainer get his water?
Best joke ever?
How does a Plutonium Gun sounds like?
What do you call a midget fortune-teller who's on the run from the law?
Why did the blonde get fired from the M&M factory?
What begins with S, ends with X and will change your life?
What do you call a fake noodle?
What’s six inches long and two inches wide and drives women wild?
You know what's a funny thing I like to do in my past time?
What's Leonardo Dicaprio's least favorite dessert?
How do you depress a room full of geeks?
What does Batman take with his drinks?
What do you call a musician Trump supporter?
How do you make a baby cry twice?
What does Mr. T say when he walks into a buffet?
Why did Cher go nuclear when the shopkeeper didn't give her the receipt?
How do you sink the unsinkable?
Did you hear about the girl who died in the Italian restaurant?
How do telegraph operators apologize?
Why do Marxists only drink herbal tea?
Why doesn't the U.S. government allow students to visit North Korea?
What did the scale say when it was going to drop a fresh mixtape?
Why did the gentleman hold the door?
What do math and mermaids have in common?
(Music Theory) Why do composers win debates?
What's the difference between a dead baby and a pencil sharpener?
Why are so many blind people religious?
How many Mexican reposters does it take to make me mad?
What do Europeans call fat European guy ?
What does cow shit do?
Why is stormtrooper always late from work?
What did Obi-wan say to Luke at the Chinese restaurant?
Why are bad jokes like dead babies?
What do you call a loud Trump supporter?
Why do atheists scream out 'oh my God' during sex?
What did the polar bear's wife say when she couldn't bear his tantrums any more?
What happened when Honey Boo Boo's mom lost 120 pounds?
What did the sign in front of the Drug Rehabilitation Center say?
If a dove is the "bird of peace" then what's the bird of "true love"?
Why do people with heart disease always lose at poker?
What did the mallard yell in the drive-by shooting?
Why aren't people afraid to submit reposts?
What do you say when you are comforting a grammar nazi?
Why did Russia sign the non-aggression pact with NazI Germany?
What's Hitler's favorite letter?
Why did the skeleton burp?
Whadya' call a Mexican sinking in mayo?
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldnt change colour?
Has this happened to you ?
Why are bees the superior species?
What has 6 legs and goes "Ho da do, Ho da do Ho da do?
Why couldn't the man marry the melon?
Pretentious?
What is the best vegetable delivery vehicle in the world?
what happens if you cross breed spiderman and Catwoman?
Why couldn't the retarded man talk normally?
What's the key to finding love?
What do you say when trying to catch the elevator?
Why did the campfire turn into a forest fire?
What's the difference between a hipster and a homeless man?
Wanna hear a joke?
Why did the turtle cross the road?
How did Wendy die?
What kind of dog should you get a spanish speaker?
What are Hillary's convictions?
Did you hear the joke about the alarm?
What's the wurst thing about being a black Jew?
Why are black people so good at basketball?
Wanna know the difference between a street performer and a hobo?
Why can't Vin Diesel differentiate Thanksgiving Turkey from his best friend?
Why don't any American football players wear glasses?
Did you hear about the escaped gang of Jamaican stabbers?
Why did the Mexican take Xanax?
What's green, fuzzy, has four legs and would kill you if it fell out of a tree and landed on you?
What would happen if Muslims didn't practice Ramadan?
What was the bridge player's political view?
What's the worst hereditary disease?
Why do Italian men grow moustaches?
Why did the cat befriend the dog?
Why was Marc Antony still interested in Cleopatra even when she's just had a baby?
Whats the difference between Reddit and a Taco?
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam?
What did the police say when they finished interviewing Dylann Roof?
Q: What’s the difference between a Catholic wife and a Jewish wife?
What's Greater than god, more evil than the devil, the poor have it, the rich need it, and if you eat it you die?
How does a Jewish bird chirp?
Why was the gay man bad at lying?
Why is the pool table green?
Did you hear about the fisherman who was sad about the big one that got away?
What did the orphan poker player say?
Wanna hear a funny joke?
Why should transgender people get separate bathrooms?
What do you call a dead body and two planks?
What do spinach and anal sex have in common?
What did the Jewish woman say to her partner?
How many trannies does it take to change a light bulb?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
If a picture is worth a thousand words, then how much is a dank meme worth?
Can't remember, does anyone remember the joke about the nut behind the wheel?
What's the worst thing about being in an incestuous relationship with your own father?
Why do midget's laugh when running?
What Austrian girls and wine have in common?
Why are commercial flights always cheaper for vultures?
Why do people nickname Cersei's kids after sandwich meats?
Why was the lion alone and disheartened?
Whats the fastest way to cut down a tree?
Did you hear about the guy who got his whole left side cut off?
Did you hear about the Casino that hired a Blacksmith?
Cure for Aids/Cancer is the solution mathematical?
Did you hear the one about the deaf man?
When two ants want to run away and get married, who do they seek for help?
Why don't they have Oktoberfest in Africa?
What is JigSaw's favorite genre of music?
Want to hear a joke about Russia?
Did you hear about the depressed man going on a cross country road trip?
What's less funny than /r/Funny?
What do you call an expert that studies sign language?
What's the worst thing about being a black Jew?
Why did the little crab keep all the treasure for himself?
How long does it take for a Homeless man's stomach to be full?
How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why do black people only have nightmares?
What did one meme say to the other meme?
What do you call it when George Thorogood farts on a throne?
Why is CoD: Infinite Warfare set in space?
What's the difference between a fridge and a gay guy?
What's better than roses on a piano?
What's the easiest way to get a little head?
Why did Mary Magdalen love Jesus?
What do you call an Irish sniper?
How can I give myself a 12 inch penis?
What's it called when you have sex early in the day after a funeral?
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob?
Knock knock? Who's there? Come in. Come in who?
What's the difference between Isaac Newton and the baby I just killed?
Why did the Romans pay their soldiers in salt?
Where do computer scientists go to have a drink?
What's the difference between eating out pussy and drinking American Beer?
What's the national bird of Pakistan?
Did you hear the joke about the sewage back-up at the juice bar?
Why did the gay man wear a Nicoderm patch?
What's green and eats nuts?
What do you call a dirty ear?
What do you call somebody with no body and just a nose?
Would you marry again?
Why do so many people like Harry Potter?
What did the alien say to the cat?
How do you start to politely tell someone that their God isn't in the stars?
How did the T-Rex feel after his workout session?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
What's up?
Hillary and Donald are in a plane that crashed. Who survived?
What is Trump's favorite disney movie?
Could eating a lot of spaghetti make me a better dad?
Where is the best place in town to buy marijuana?
How do Jewish kids learn to count?
You know why you shouldn't eat spaghetti late at night?
Why didn't the American get the burger?
How do you get Sigmund Freud to screw a lightbulb?
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms?
Did you hear about the guy who used to compose music for the promos on Fuse TV but then he quit and went to medical school and upon completing his residency joined the practice where Matt Bellamy goes?
What's ET short for?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do you call a homeless college student?
What did the coach say to his star player after he pissed his pants?
How can you tell that God is a man, and not a woman?
Why are children's birthday parties never held in outer space?
Why did the hard drive crash?
What goes over the water, and under the water, but stays dry?
What days are strong days?
What did the elephant say to the naked man?
u know whats funny?
Did you know musicians have a special bone in their body that helps them play better?
What do you call a person who is outstanding in their field?
How do you know a joke is a repost?
What is the difference between ID and ED?
What do you call 10 Mexican kids in a school?
How do you think the unthinkable?
Did you know Helen Keller had a dog?
Why am I just so naturally funny?
Who has seen more black dick than all the Kardashians combined?
How do you stop a rhino from charging?
What's the best Disney song to listen to while having a threesome?
Do you know any columbine jokes?
what do you call a chinese millionaire?
What did the man say after he forgot to pull out?
How are the homeless like votes?
Death or Ugabuga?
What's the difference between cereal, bagels, and babies?
Are you my homework?
How many 'sah dudes does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What is it called when you sleep talk about your subconscious feelings ?
What do you call a funny psychic?
Why are popcorn just like people?
(Groan inducing): Why was it necessary to have official witnesses at the signing of the Declaration of Independence?
What do elves learn in school?
What do you call a fat alien?
Have you heard the joke about the kid who was deaf?
How do you kill a vegan?
What's the difference between America and a pot of yogurt?
Why black people can't be seen in black and white movies?
Why did the doctor go the furniture store?
What do you do if a women assaults you with a knife ?
What do you call a guy who gets drinks for a fat girl in a nightclub?
How do you get out of jail in Mars?
Why do so many college kids need free healthcare?
What is the similarities between Bernie Madoff and Atoms?
Why do New Zealand farmers now wear kilts?
How do Mexicans greet Dr. Seuss?
Where did Sally go during 9/11?
What do you call a robbery at a bakery?
Why is six scared of seven?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do you call a Mexican drowning in a vat of cheese?
Why did Hellen Keller's dog run away?
What's a monks favorite song?
What is God's favorite guitar chord?
What do you call a lizard on drugs?
What's the difference between Iron Man and Iron Woman?
What do a necrophiliac and an alcoholic have in common?
What is a gingerbread woman's favorite thing to wear for a porn film?
What's the Pope iTunes play-list name?
What does an engineer use for birth control?
Wanna hear a joke?
[META] What's the deal with reddit being obsessed about puns?
What do you get when you visit the dentist with a dollar?
What do we want?
What does a walrus have in common with tupperware?
What animal is best at playing hide and seek?
What happens to a girl with anxiety when she sees a Spanish person?
What is long, black, and smells like shit?
What was the ancient language Link needed a book to translate in "A Link to the Past"?
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer?
What do you call an automatic goalkeeping machine?
What do mutiny and an orgasm have in common?
When to leave your girlfriend?
How did Jared lose 40lbs?
What do you call a gun inside a church?
What's the difference between a white bodybuilder and a black bodybuilder?
What are the two best arguments against democracy?
Why were the Beakers all packed and moved out of the university lab?
How do black people say their vowels?
How do your organize a space party?
What's the difference between Iron Man and Iron Woman ?
What is a group of hooligans acting like they are Vietnamese called?
What's Gordon Ramsay's favorite movie?
What do you call the High Sparrow who is caught molesting kids?
What did the sheep say to the sheepdog faking deafness?
What's worse than a baby stapled to a tree?
What was the engineer's reaction to his wife being too heavy?
" What's the difference between snowmen and snowladies?
What did the Swedish chef say to his girlfriend when he found out she was pregnant?
What's the scariest thing about a white man in prison?
What do you call a Filipino yoga instructor?
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza?
What do French labor reforms and French citizens have in common?
What's the difference between a corvette and a blowjob?
Do you know the difference between 5 minutes of blowjob and 5 minutes of sodomy ?
Why haven't any subscribers to r/TheRedPill played Overwatch yet?
What is a nickname for any black man?
Why is your shit tapered?
Why can't orphans play baseball?
What you call a black priest?
What's got 9 arms and sucks?
Why is it impossible to mistake a penis for a vagina?
What do you call a song being played 100 yards away that makes people pass out?
Did you hear about the accountant that audited the greengrocer?
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman?
What does Michael Vick do in a plane?
How did the Manicurist feel after her salon was robbed?
What do you throw a drowning Mexican?
Why illegal immigrants are never seen on dvds or cassettes?
What's the most fucked up thing you can do to a blind person?
Why did Romeo and Juliet break up?
What's a pedophile's favorite music scale?
What begins with an "s", ends with a "x" and leaves a guy blown away?
What do you get when you make a condiment out of an expensive car?
How can you tell if a farmer is a good farmer?
How many Dragonball characters does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you get when you mix a fly, a snake head, and Mickey Mouse?
What do you call a group of paralyzed hippies?
Why can't Ray Charles see his friends?
What do we want?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
How do you get an emo out of a tree?
Who knows why my face is so repulsive?
Whats the most stupid thing you've seen a Bernie Sanders supporter do?
What does the United States and your asshole have in common?
What does a man say after sex?
Why do black men cry after sex?
What do you call a cow masterbating?
Are you being followed?
what do you call the most famous canadian hacking group?
How, would you answer this question?
What's brown and sounds like a bell?
What kind of bird does not make babies?
What do you call a man with a foot fetish who prefers the toes on the right foot over the toes on the left foot?
Why does Middle Eastern civilization have no major accomplishments?
What's a foot long, is as hard as wood, and is slippery?
What do black people do after sex?
How many Hal 9000 computer systems does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
WTF?
Why is Paul Walker and Rihannas new song the same?
Why there are so many avenues in France?
An old gambling buddy told me this joke: What did the man with premature ejaculation say to his blind wife?
How was copper wire invented?
What do you call a gay keyboard layout?
What did the hungry boss give his worker?
What did the man ask the bush after being attacked by it?
Do you know what I miss about my childhood?
What is Walt Jr.'s favorite movie?
What is red and green, and goes over 3000 miles per hour?
Hi, what can I get for 25 cents?
How do you save a suicidal procrastinator?
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun?
What has a beginning and an end, but nothing in the middle?
What do you call a woman with a purple vagina?
How do you keep a club exclusively for straight edgers?
Did you know your kitchen faucet might raid your house?
Why did the shower heads at Auschwitz have 11 holes?
What did the baby corn say to the mommy corn?
what's another word for "religion"?
Why does Ken fit in so well on reddit?
What do you call a skateboarding preist?
What word starts with N, ends with R, and you never wanna call a black guy?
If Microsoft created a dynasty, would it be called the Bing Dynasty?
What is the difference between a joke and three dicks?
Why did Levi invent such nice trousers?
What's the difference between Mr. Jokes and Mr. Dicks?
I farted...want a spoon?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
what has more brains than kurt Cobain?
What's a pedophile's favorite musical scale?
What do you call it when a really large number marries a small number?
Why did Karl Marx hate Earl Grey?
Q: Why couldn't Hellen Keller drive?
Why do Hutterites children pretend to be pirates?
What do gays and my car have in common?
What's the difference between jokes and dicks?
What do you call a love triangle between a white person, a black person and a native american?
How did the feminist die?
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Who was the only president that was not guilty?
How do the Irish cure a hangover?
Why did the kid cross the road?
Why cant Miss Piggy count to 100?
What do you call a lesbian version of Grindr?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
Has anyone heard the joke about the baby with AIDS?
Why do feminists always complain about video games?
What is faster Hot or cold?
Why do chicken coops have only two doors?
Why did Donald Trump pardon the Mexican pole vaulter who jumped over his wall?
What's Al Gore's dancer name?
How does Soylent Green taste?
What do you call a chicken staring at lettuce?
What do you tell someone annoying you need a moment?
What do you call a deaf dog?
How do porcupines hug?
Why did John F. Kennedy take a cab home?
Why'd the dog cross the road?
Did you hear about the comedian who was arrested for domestic violence?
Why did the man break up with his girlfriend who had a lazy eye?
How did Jesus stay in shape?
What do you call a kid with no arms and an eyepatch?
Did you read the novel about the US drug epidemic?
How many kids with ADHD does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did the Mexican civil war last so long?
What are the two dirtiest farm animals?
Have you ever eaten an eyeball?
Why does Donald Trump insist on Mexico building the wall between at the US/Mexico border?
What lies upside down a hundred feet in the air?
How do you make a salad wrap?
What is the difference between 400 dead babies and a watermelon?
How did I escape Iraq?
What do you call an Asian woman who lives next to a data centre?
What's Jacob Sartorius' Favourite Anime?
What's the Difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler?
Did you hear about the Native American that drank 400 oz of his favorite herbal caffeine in one sitting?
How are Dale Earnhardt and Pink Floyd similar?
Wanna read a really dirty joke?
Why do people carry around umbrellas?
What's a nickname for a procrastinator?
What's the difference between a woman and a man?
What do you call a Spanish matador who is not very good at his job?
How do you circumcise a redneck?
What wood doesn't float?
How many vegans does it take to change a light bulb?
What do this joke and a vacuum cleaner have in common?
Have you ever tried eating a clock?
How can you tell if your son is gay?
Shall We Try Different Position Tonight?
How can you tell when an idiot's depressed?
How many dothraki does it take to open a door?
How do you kill 200 flies at once?
What do you call an angry prostitute?
What do you call a shooting at a Mexican golf course?
What did the Jewish guy say to the atheist?
What's a Dragon Ball fan's favourite food?
Why can't you put two dicks in one condom?
Why don't poor people go to funerals?
Did you see the movie about the demolition team?
What do you get if you put 20 blondes in a row standing ear to ear?
What did the Borg's existential brother say (Star Trek)?
What do you call an abortion in Prague?
Why does Jesus hate M&Ms?
Why do Canadians like doggy style so much?
What do you call an astronaut that doesn't like being touched?
Are You A Monk Yet?
What animal do psychiatrists bring in to mental hospitals to help patients with social anxiety?
Grandad: hey Sonny, what's the name of that German?
How many suh dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What did Bill Gates say to Steve Jobs?
What did the milk say after it got beat?
How do you know if an introvert likes you when you're talking to them?
Why do bird watchers invest so much money in breast cancer awareness?
What is the name of your car?
What is Hitler's favourite game?
What do you get when you cross a pig and a Christmas tree?
What was Hitler's favorite letter?
Why did the bad demon burn after finding the length it took to rise diagonally from hell?
Why does the US love Israel so much?
According to Merriam Webster, what word in the English language describes both a female dog and Hillary Clinton equally well?
What do you call nuts on the wall?
How are Fabio and a bagel the same?
What will they play at the presidential inauguration if Republicans win?
whats the difference between Congress and a condom?
How many Redditors does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you calla nosy pepper?
Why are redneck murders so hard to solve?
What do you call a Mexican midget?
Guy exposes himself with a boner and is arrested. How did he get off?
Why did the bartender put on a sweater?
(Amazingly, an original joke!) Where will they put Deadmau5 when he dies?
Is there any upside to living in Switzerland??
How do you kill vegetarian vampires?
Hey you hear about that gay midget?
What do a woman and a bar have in common?
Why did the agnostic man cross the road?
The one good thing about Hitler?
What does a cannibal do after dumping their girlfriend?
How do you surprise Helen Keller?
Where do Star Wars rebel officers eat?
Why did Hitler get hit in the face with a baseball?
What do you call an addiction to dead black people?
What does an egg say when it gets turnt?
What do you call a slutty toaster?
What did Stalin say to all the thousands of people he killed?
What did the Dog say to the Chipmunk?
Why are black people so good at basketball?
What's the best part of having Alzheimer's?
How do electricians meditate?
What do you call 100 black people on a plane to Africa?
How do you get a hippy pregnant ?
What do you say to a girl with a black eye?
How do you know if your room mate is gay?
How do you create Offspring?
What do Prostitutes offer?
What do you call a happy cow?
What did the sea monster have for dinner?
Why Are Cats Bad Debaters?
Why are black jews the worst off race?
What do you call the fourth musketeer if he's gone to the dark side?
Have you heard of the pelican?
Did you hear about the guy with the right side of his body removed?
Why did the Pokemon Company offer me a role in their upcoming TV Series?
How do we know Princess Diana had dandruff?
Why did Hitler lose WWII?
What happens when you text while driving?
What is the best "bang for your buck"?
What's thr difference between the chinese and racism?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
Why do Pokémon have eyes?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
What do you get when you cross an atheist and a christian?
How much of northern Canada is habitable?
What do you call Nightwing in a coffin?
What do you get when you cross a retard with a gang banger?
Why was Luke Skywalker late?
Why are black men taller than white men?
How can you tell when the Mexicans have moved into your neighborhood?
How many immigrants does donald trump need to change a lightbulb?
What do you call a pop star that marries Rowan Atkinson?
Have you ever tried to eat your own watch?
How do you put an elephant in a safeway bag?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
How to you get rid of the dandelions on your lawn?
What's better than winning a Silver Medal at the Paralympics?
What is the difference between a baby and a mars bar?
What did the bra say to the hat?
What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer?
Did you hear about the Woodstock Killer?
How did one pothead greet the other?
What do you call a guy who has sex with bums?
What's the difference between a golfer and a skydiver?
What do you call chickpeas cooked in a waffle iron?
What's the difference between a Ritz and a lesbian?
You hear the one about the transgender student?
Why should you never hire a Jewish plumber?
Who's the grumpiest pirate?
Wanna know which brand of glasses I have?
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts?
What is the tastiest car ever?
Why are atheists so dumb?
What do you call two guys above a window?
Did you hear about the dog who committed suicide?
Why did the Mexican take Xanax?
Why are airplane crashes in the ocean so visible?
What did Darth Vader say to Admiral Motti after browsing his collection of George Michael records?
Which Greek god was annoyed by his invitation to the Goddess Dyslexia's party?
What do you call a Hispanic midget?
Whats the difference between a dollar and a jew?
Did you hear the one about the Mexican train bandit?
What has caused Caitlyn Jenner to put on weight?
How would you describe frankenstein's birth?
Interviewer: Where do you see yourself in five years?
Who did the ghost-boy write to during his trip to ghost-summercamp?
What do you call a clean, good looking well behaved monster?
How many teachers does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's a similarity between Hitler and Gordon Ramsey?
How many TSA agents does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's a Cuban's favorite song?
Did you hear about the score of the football match between Egypt and Ethiopia?
Where do poor noodles live?
What happens when you give a lawyer Viagra?
What's Ludacris' favorite cheese?
What's E.T short for?
What's Ned Stark's favorite cereal?
Know what's the best part about my supervisor having an identical twin?
You know how to make a tissue dance?
What is grey and comes in quarts?
How do Jewish children tie their shoes?
How many Suhhh Dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why do tampons have strings attached?
Why don't ants like to have sex?
Why couldn't the redneck kid play baseball?
What was wrong with Han Solo's "Hanburgers"?
What kind of guy enjoys a girl on her period?
What is the most common pickup line in a gay bar?
Why do you never see a pregnant plane?
How long does an owl live?
How do you stop an Internet troll?
What did the defendant say when he saw his picture hung up in the courtroom?
How many psychologists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What does a gynocologist and a pizza man have in common?
How many "friend zoned" guys does it take to change a light bulb?
What did one frog say to the other?
What did the man eat for breakfast that was so outlandish, not even he could believe it?
Why did the hipster cross the internet?
What do you call a know-it-all that likes doing bad stuff to kids?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why can't Harry Potter tell the difference between his cooking pot and his best friend?
Whats's better than roses on your piano?
Q. What is the color of the wind?
How do you call a homosexual, German bird that happens to be a father?
Q: Why did Xzibit cross the road?
Q: What size of sweaters do seagulls like?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What does a lawyer, a pine tree, and a hydrogen atom have in common?
Why are dwarfs so good at math?
How do you make a Kleenex dance?
Why doesn't Hermione keep her money at Gringotts?
How do you make a Cat sound like a Dog?
What's so meta that you almost crap your pants?
Would you like to know the best way to avoid drama?
What does a junkie use for protection during sex?
Where do the stormtroopers like to eat?
What's the difference between a tuna, a piano, and a tub of glue?
What do you call an organization that does demographic surveys of energy weapon owners?
What did the sign on the closed brothel say?
Why is the Energizer Bunny such a slut?
What do you call a chiropractor in Egypt?
Did you hear about the woman who got Alzheimer's after removing her breasts?
Q: What do you call a boy named Lee that no one talks to?
Did you hear about the pirate captain selling cheap corn?
What did Ernie say when his friend tried to convince him he was ice cream?
Sweatshirts are my favorite thing to wear, like am I wearing a bra?
What is the most religious martial art?
Why did the cowboy buy a dachshund?
Why is Coolio always able to play craps?
Why did Soviet dictator always drive an automatic transmission?
How many Freudian psychologists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why do Jews have such large noses?
What type of meat do catholic priests eat on Friday?
What did Obama say to Dalai Lama at last peace conference?
That kid didn't really find a lost Mayan city. The sites that promoted the story?
Why was the comedian so depressed?
What do you call a white goose?
What’s the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth?
What fight style involves fighting for money?
How many mangoes make a dozen?
whats the difference between my driveway and 14 year old daughter?
Have you heard about the insomniac agnostic dyslexic guy?
What does a terrorist tell hes son?
How did I escape Iraq?
Why couldn't the leopard play hide and seek?
What is it called when Batman leaves church early?
Why is does a chicken coop have 2 doors?
What do you call a Chinese conga line?
What do fat girls do in the summertime?
What do a plate of homemade brownies and a golden shower have in common?
Did you hear about the mooning emoji?
What do you call two hobos hitting each other with cardboard?
Why do toilets flush after getting pissed on?
Why did the dog chase the bulldozer?
What do you call it when you have enough money to but a truck from 4 different people who used to cross small bodies of water?
How do you make a chocolate omelette?
What kind of tree likes a high five?
How does a gay religious terrorist spend his vacation in Cuba?
What is the only bent straight line?
Why does Donald Trump hate Casper the ghost?
How does Donald Trump plan to silence the terrorists?
What do you call a French bathroom with a bomb in it?
Who Let The Dogs Out?
Did you hear about the gay Irish Dentists?
What's the best thing about Switzerland?
What happened to the guy who replaced his laxatives with Prozac?
What part of my anatomy is so long and hard and sticks so far out of my pajamas that I my hat can be supported on it?
Did you hear about the blond who got hurt while raking leaves?
What is the two worst songs to play at an E.R.?
what do redditors and dick pics have in common?
What did the student say to his math teacher after his dog ate part of his homework?
What's the difference between an epileptic corn farmer and a hooker with diarrhea?
What's the difference between the United States and some yoghurt?
Why do you give children who swallowed poison some milk?
What do you call someone who pretends to be gay?
How do two psychiatrists greet each other?
Who makes more money a drug dealer or a prostitute?
Why did the hotel refuse hospitality to the Navy?
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito?
Why is the second traffic citation always easier to read?
What was Jesus favorite games?
Q: Why did Adele cross the road?
What do you call a feminist sea creature?
What would you call Macaulay Culkin if he was black?
How do you stop an elephant going through the eye of a needle?
Why did the French chef commit suicide?
How did Sigmund Freud die?
What do you call a joke on drugs?
A guy is lying on a field. There's a backpack lying on his back, and a lot of flies are flying around. What's in the backpack?
What is the greatest right given to Muslim women?
What do you call the opposite of a cynic?
Why is there a "D" in fridge but not in refrigerator?
Why do rappers always get arrested?
What did the bartender say to the girl that tried to steal a drink?
Why did Rick Astley get fired from his job at the video store?
What do French people do when vacationing in Laos?
What did the oyster say when the monster broke into his home?
Why didn't JFK ever like vodka?
Did you hear Peter Dinklage got pickpocketed?
Did you hear about the failed Indian musician?
Why do Jews love sandwiches?
Did you hear about the snarky prisoner who smarted off to the guard on the elevator?
Why was the Nigerian toddler crying?
Did you hear about the midget psychic wanted for questioning about a murder?
What did Trump say to the Human Cannonball?
What do you call a group of philosophers?
What happens if Russians fall from an Afghan boat?
Why should civil war be taken seriously?
Why do people never eat clocks?
What do you call a melon that will be single forever?
How did Micro-soft get it's name?
What did the pamphlet say to the booklet when it asked for help?
How do you make a Snoop Dogg martini?
Why was the wildlife reserve worker weeping next to poached rhino?
Two students are sitting in Anatomy Class. One points to his hand and asks "which are the carpals and which are the metacarpals"?
Why do feminists always seem so unhappy?
How do puppets have sex?
Why don't you ever see elephants hiding in trees?
What is the Hulk's favorite fruit?
Why do women fake orgasms?
Why did the baby cross the road?
How do you tell if your eggs are rotten?
Q.How do we know there are so many environmentalists on reddit?
What do you call a white haired mammal from the North pole who immigrates to the South pole in search of sexual enlightenment?
What do you call a collection of memes?
What is a pirate's favorite statistic?
Have you ever tried Ethiopian food?
What type of car did Yoda eat?
What's long, hard, black, wet, and full of seamen?
What's the difference between most complex life forms, and the internet?
What's Forrest Gump's Password?
I bet you want to hear a ghost joke right?
What has 3 legs and 3 eyes?
What's the useless skin around the vagina?
Whats the best part of having sex with a transgender?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve?
What do you call a mollusk on a boat?
What do you call a person with native american ancestry and alopecia?
A: What are you planting???
What do you call an alien that's also a pedophile?
Why do women have orgasms?
With what do Mexicans use to cut pizza?
How do you hold your liqour?
What do you call four white guys in a band?
Why does Santa Claus have such a big sack?
What is Donald Trump telling Barack Obama supporters?
Did you hear about the magic tractor?
What do a moped and a fat chick have in common?
What is a difference between Jesus and a Picture of Jesus?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish man?
How did the elephant get into the room?
What do you call it when Batman leaves church early?
What's better than roses on a piano?
What do you call a practice exercise preparing for the possibility of observing hole-making tools undergoing a military parade?
What's the difference between KFC and China?
What's the best part about banging twenty two year olds?
What do you call an arranged marriage between two communists who don't like each other?
What did the vegan say to the celiac?
What did one galaxy say to the Lagoon Nebula?
What did Hitler say when he ran out of soap?
Who brew in the jewish house down the street?
Why are European cars the lightest?
What's a computer's favourite snack?
What would a Prius minivan be called?
Did you hear about that new lesbian reversal medicine?
What's the difference between a snowwoman and a snowman?
What was the headline when it was found that the only child Matthew was the killer of his family on his own bed?
What do you do when a bird attacks you?
What do you call a black priest?
What do you call two guys on a pair of curtains?
What's he difference between Santa Claus and a Jew?
How does a racist joke start?
What do you call a nun using katana?
What do you call a P'ed off pirate?
How can you tell a hippie's been in your house?
What is a better name for cows?
Where does Bran Stark keep his things?
Has anyone heard of the movie 'Constipation'?
Why were a bunch of realist artists offended at a Matisse gallery opening?
Girl are you a Louis Vuitton store?
What's the difference between acetone and Hitler?
What do you call a dog wearing headphones?
Why does bread not have eyebrows?
How many nuclear war survivors does it take to change a lightbulb?
What is the difference between a well dressed man on a bicycle and a poorly dressed man on a unicycle?
Why can't Rabbis eat pork and Priests can't have sex?
Why didn't Mick Jagger pick Randy Moss up from the airport?
What do you call a Russian with 3 balls?
What does a high school dance have in common with the parking lot at a Keith Urban concert?
What kind of car does Jesus drive?
What do you call two nuns playing a bongo?
why does bill Cosby have high blood pressure?
How do you get thrown out of a concentration camp?
What's in a white mans pants and more than 4 inches long?
What do you call a letter from a feminist?
What does sex have in common with a savings account?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why do you need to take notes during jokes?
What is the worst time to have a heart attack?
What's better than roses on your piano?
Sir, can I ask a question?
What do you call a bear with no teeth?
What's a redneck's last words?
Why was six afraid of seven?
Why is your mom like a vacuum?
is there a subreddit for paranoid people ?
What is long, black and smelly?
Why didn't the waffle go to the pancake party?
Why was the leaf hanged?
Why is it so hard to date fossils?
What type of pants does Mario wear?
why did the oil rig workers all leave Fort Mcmurray?
What is white on the top and black on the bottom?
Why do midgets laugh when they run?
Did you hear about the Hipster that drowned in the canal?
why do women wear makeup and perfume?
Why did the Weimar Republic ban balloons?
How long can an Owl live?
What did Bruce Willis say to motivate his son?
Why can't dyslexics tell jokes?
What's the difference between an intern and bird shit?
What do you call a gay dinosaur?
What two words result in the most marriages?
What do you call a kid with an eye patch, braces and a lisp?
Why didnt the illiterate man like my post on r/Jokes?
What do you call a 5 year old with no friends?
Why is pulling out 100% effective for superman?
What's the difference between a gay guy and Hitler?
Why is reddit so liberal?
What's the difference between a refrigerator and a gay man?
How do you make soup golden?
What are red heads good for?
Why did 10 die?
Why did Donald Trump win the Republican nomination?
How do you win an election?
Whats the difference between you and an orphan?
Why shouldn't you hang out with zombies?
How many men does it take to fix a women's watch?
Is Google male or female?
What do you call the system of honour of French horses?
Why did Bernie Sanders cross the road?
What do you call a gay drive-by?
What did the deaf, blind, mute, handicapped kid get for Christmas?
How do you know when your vegetables are boiled?
Why is gigabit internet good for you?
What do you call children born of ginger people?
What's brown, and ryhmes with Snoop?
Why is Reddit full of liberals?
Hey girl are you a league player?
Why don't women need umbrellas?
How do you get an emo out of a tree?
What do you call a jewish Pokémon trainer?
Why do watermelons have water in Them?
How do apply for a job at the NSA?
Why don't black people dream?
Where does the sick calculus student go for medical help?
What do a Rubik’s Cube and a penis have in common?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
Why doesn't George R. R. Martin use Twitter?
What do you get if you water a melon?
What is a slut ?
Where should you take your cat, if it somehow loses its tail?
How many Redditors does it take to change a lightbulb?
after a trainning lesson, everyone can ask only 1 question. my question is May i ask a question?
What sound does a pool make when someone you don't like jumps in?
What did the geologist say at the Chinese restaurant?
Why don't women wear skirts in San Fransisco?
Why does the Mexican guy take xanax?
Molly and Shannon are sisters born on the same day of the same year, same mother, same hospital. But Molly is 7 years older than Shannon. How is this possible?
What is brown and runny?
Do you file your nails?
How do you make a hormone?
Two cats sit on a roof, which one will slide off first?
What do you call a Trump supporter on a Friday night?
What does walking a tight rope and receiving a blow job from your mother-in-law have in common?
What’s the definition of a woman?
What is the hardest part of rollerblading?
What did one suicide bomber say to the other?
Why can't New Yorkers play chess?
What do you get when you drop a piano on an army base?
What's green and smells like bacon?
What does a brain eat?
Why isn't the Vice President running for President this year?
Why does Hillary Clinton not like working out?
Which place has the strongest gravity in the whole universe?
Did you hear about the man who died of a viagra overdose?
What does Popeye put on his dick to have sex?
What does wearing crocs and getting a blowjob from a man have in common?
What do you call a normal potato?
What do you call it when you tie a brick to a jar of Miracle Whip and throw it into the ocean?
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb?
What does a pirate do when he has a cold?
Knock knock. Who's there? A little old lady. A little old lady who?
What do a Jew and a Spy have in common?
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
What did the black man say to the white kid?
What do you call a limbless man floating in the ocean? Bob. What do you call a limbless man hanging on the wall? Art. What do you call a limbless man on your front door step?
Why did Hitler kill himself?
Why did American football player Michael Vick want to see the film "Top Gun"?
You know what really grinds my gears?
How do you circumcise a redneck?
What do the South and the Sun have in common?
What's the gummy stuff between sharks teeth?
How do you reunite the Beatles?
How is a fish like a bicycle?
What's the difference between a bucket of sand and a bucket of afterbirth?
Do you know how much of Canada above Edmonton is livable?
What will you find in the toilet of a ship?
What's the similarity between American beer and making love in a canoe?
What do you call an old people's swingers club?
Why is Leagues patch 6.9 gross?
Why did the kid run across the freeway?
What do you call an overweight star wars fanatic who drinks too much coffee?
Who wants to play war?
Why frogs don't use Google?
Why is having phone sex such a bad idea?
What's the difference between arguing with a girl and arguing with a knife?
Why was the camper so focused?
Why did Hitler turn to genocide after a failed career as an artist?
Why did Princess Leia get a job at Cinnabon?
What's the difference between a joke on Reddit and a joke on 9Gag?
Why does Kylo Ren have a hard time making friends?
How does Darth Vader manage to eat through that mask?
What do Ted Cruz and Donald Trump's father have in common?
Do you know what 80 year old vagina tastes like?
What do Ted Cruz and Donald Trump's dad have in common?
Who's the fattest Knight at the round table? Why?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
How do blonde brain cells die?
What happened to the guy who ingested helium?
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
Did you hear about the suspicious vagina?
What signal tells you that a politician is lying?
Are you a software update?
How is Bernie going to pay for free college for everyone?
Why did God give women legs?
What did Ted Cruz's wife get after being elbowed by him?
Did you know that I can see into the future?
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler?
What would you do if the world blew up?
If mathematicians were to make a phone, how would they call it?
What did Noah tell his son while they were fishing?
What's a 69er got in common with the mafia ?
Two reposters are in a plane crush. Who survives?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
What is the problem with high frequency?
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are in a plane crash. Who survives?
What's the difference between a bunch of sly pygmies and a girl's track team?
You know which presidential candidate in 2020 will have the hardest time?
Excuse, where is the opposite sidewalk?
Which chord is essential to every Christian song?
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a plane crash. Who survives?
'Captain, there come the indians!' The captain asks: Are they friends or enemys?
Why isn't there a Jared's for boys?
Did you know that 95% of Jews aren't Jews?
Why did the hipster only listen to dead musicians?
Why did Cruz pick Carly Fiorina as his running mate?
What's the difference between harry potter and jews?
How much of northern Canada is livable?
Why does Snoop Dawg carry an umbrella?
What noise do veterans make when they eat?
What's often on the end of a man's genitals?
What's the difference between a masochist and a blogger?
Why did 10 die?
What do you call a ruckus in a string orchestra?
What are the similaritie(s) and difference(s) between O.J. Simpson and Simba?
How is Game of Thrones going to end?
What do you call a brain dead Swede?
What do you call a midget psychic that just robbed a bank?
Why do feet stink?
Why did the window blush?
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster shucker and a prostitute with diarrhea?
What do you call a squid after a car crash..?
Why wouldn't the Doctor wait in line?
What do you call a high person with Downs Syndrome?
Why Am I Single?
How do you make Donald Trump laugh?
Boyfriend: Dear do you know that exams are like girlfriend?
What do you call an abortion in the world of Mortal Kombat?
What's the difference between a Jew and a boy scout?
What do you call drunken techno music?
What has only one arm and can't swim?
What is Son Goku's least liked food?
What does the cannibal think after seeing a wheelchair user?
If there's something weird in lands beyond the Wall and it don't look good Who you gonna call?
Have you ever had African food?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
What's Black and White and Red all over?
Why did the Italian wear handcuffs to bed?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why didn't the vegan gamble at the meat raffle?
Why did balloon prices keep rising?
Q: What time is bedtime at Neverland Ranch?
What do you call a middle eastern man flying a plane?
Why does Jesus Jaywalk?
What do you call a castrated unicorn?
Why are pirates so mean?
Why is the Dead Sea a mod on /r/leagueoflegends?
When does Sean Connery usually arrive at Wimbledon?
Did you hear the one about the deaf comedian?
Why did the police shoot the black insomniac?
Want to hear a joke about coffee?
What do you call a negative antelope?
What do you call a fight between Jews?
Where do you get virgin wool?
What’s the worst thing about getting your keys locked in your car outside an abortion clinic?
Why Do Ranchers Love Getting A Sore Throat?
How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
What's Queen Elsa's favorite fruit?
Can a kangaroo jump higher then a house?
What do you call a female driver?
Why did the insomniac get arrested?
What is the difference between a misogynist, and anti feminist and a guy who can't get laid?
what do you call a duck addicted to drugs ?
What do Gay men have in the morning?
What has 10 letters and starts with gas?
Why do American's take letters out of words?
If Hitler returned to life, where would he go to meet most of his now-alive supporters?
What do you call a potato with no limbs?
What did Mozart and Beethoven do whilst in the grave?
Have you heard about the new advanced ABS system developed by an Israeli company?
Why didn't Otis Redding eat his food?
Why do I support extreme racist political parties?
Why does Pakistan never get a corner during a football match?
Did you hear ISIS secretly makes sex toys?
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun?
What's the difference between a brick and an MRA?
Why shouldn't you wear Ukrainian underwear?
What's The Difference Between A Men's Rights Activist And A Gun?
What's the difference between Santa Clause and Tiger Woods?
What do you call a basketball that rolls off court and deflates?
What do you call a deer that has really good eyesight?
What airline allows you to pee in cruise?
What did the mathematician say about vertical videos?
What's the difference between Reddit and Facebook?
Did you hear they found bones on the dark side of the moon?
What did the frog say in the massage parlor?
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine?
Have you heard the joke about the happy roman?
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun?
What do r/jokes subscribers and Catholic priests have in common?
What did the homeless men yell when they hit each other with cardboard?
Why is apple afraid of microsoft?
How to be a grown up at work?
What did the fish say when it crashed into a wall?
What is the longest word in the feminist dictionary?
What's red and bad for your teeth?
What did Luke Skywalker say to his sister's bully?
What does the son of God do when he is the victim of medical malpractice?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
Why are pills white?
Why did the Eagle go to store to buy some Rogaine?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
How do you get a New Yorker upset about ISIS terror attacks?
What do you call a nut that can't talk?
What do you call a positive transformer?
Why do Jew's love jokes?
Why was Pavlov's hair so soft?
What do you call 10 blondes standing ear to ear?
What do you call a group of lesbians from Pittsburgh?
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?
What do Bernie Sanders supporters call their parents?
Why do people think Saint Stephen was a marijuana addict?
How many billionaires does it take to make a superhero?
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down?
Why didn't the math teacher sin?
Happy Greek Easter! Which Greek God loved to collect animals?
Did you hear about the Mexican terrorist...?
Why did Ally refuse to do her homework, when all she had left was to square the x and y axis?
What's a good way to get gum out of your hair?
Have you heard the one about the ceiling fan?
What do you get if you cross Michael J Fox with a dildo?
How do you know when to use "fridge" or "refrigerator"?
Why did the train go to the brothel?
Have you heard that new Ethiopian kids rap group?
Any coincidence jokes of the like? Is it any coincidence, 24 beer cans in a case, 24 hours in a day?
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
What's a pirates favourite letter?
What do you get when you cross a pirate and a pedophile?
So what's the deal with Jesus?
What is Saddam Hussein's favorite band?
How many girlfriends does it take to change a light bulb?
What's the difference between a Blonde and a person with a different colour of hair?
Why did Cain kill his brother?
Did you hear about the epileptic who won the dance contest?
What did the fish say when he ran into a concrete wall?
How is a picket fence like a mini skirt?
What is a vajazzle made of?
Why is it a bad idea to swim in the Mississippi River?
Have you heard about the three holes in the ground?
How many activists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a shitty bungalow?
What do you call a nun who's drinking a pint?
What do you get if you breed a hedgehog and a grass snake?
What was the best magic trick Osama Bin Laden ever pulled?
How do you make a hormone?
What do you call really good tea?
What is the difference between feminists and Nazis?
Which character of Pokemon is a jew?
What's the difference between a northern fairytale and a southern fairytale?
[Pun] What do you call it when you admit to being a prisoner?
What did the handicapped racecar driver say?
What do you call a German theatre that only does suspenseful dramas and plays?
Why didn't the skeleton go to the party?
Did you hear about the guy who repeated a joke on /r/jokes?
Did you hear about the starving horse?
Why does the Trump campaign hire people in groups of three?
What's the difference between a lobster and a bus stop?
Why were the baker's hands brown?
How do animals cross the ocean?
Why is American beer like having sex in a canoe?
women secrets?
How do you make a dead baby float?
What's grey and bad for your teeth?
Why is it never safe to tell a joke about corn?
What do girls and noodles have in common?
What's sexist and not a concern for feminist?
How do the Chinese name their kids?
What did the scientist say when he stubbed his toe?
Why did the chicken run into a well?
Why did the Libertarian Cross the Road?
What happens when the PS and XBOX servers go down?
What did the cat say when it was wrongfully accused of a crime and sent behind bars?
Why can't a t-Rex clap it's hands?
​What is the difference between the hot girl at work and the one at home?
How do you keep brown bears off your property?
Why didn't the feminist picnic work out?
Wanna Hear a Corny Joke?
How can you tell your girlfriend is getting fat?
what's common between a puppy and a good book ?
What does a prostitute and a waitress have in common?
Wanna hear a joke about my dick?
Why the turnout at Michael Jackson's funeral?
What's more useless than a condom at a feminist rally?
Why won't bankers go to the opera?
If American dogs dig holes to China, where do Chinese dogs dig holes to?
What would albert einstein's name be if he was blonde?
What workout routine did Jesus stick to best?
What is the difference between snowman and snowwoman?
Why don't auto repair shops fix golf carts?
(TERRORIST WARNING) Why did the suicidal air go to the airport?
What's SRS's favorite beverage?
How do you determine which of two people is a chemist and which is a plumber?
What is the weakest armour made out of?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
Why do squirrels swim on their backs?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
Why was the doctor annoyed?
What do you call an investment banker who's always watching you?
What do you get if you fill a suburb full of Mermen?
What did the football coach say to the broken vending machine?
Why is that whenever we talk about pokemon, we sing the theme song?
Where did the memes make their last stand?
How can you determine which of two people is a chemist and which is a plumber?
What do coins call each other?
What would I be if I doubled myself?
What is heavy forwards but not backwards?
What's the difference between a Ferrari and a box of dead babies ?
When did the convict's period come?
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews?
Did you hear about the mathematician who's afraid of negative numbers?
Why did the dyslexic, Russian astronomer hate the revolution?
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs who gets shit and pissed on all the time?
How do you get republicans to not repeal Obamacare ?
What has 52 teeth and can hold back the incredible Hulk?
Where do hipsters get their water?
How do you tell the difference between a physicist and a plumber?
What did Spock find in the Enterprise Bathroom?
What do you call a Canadian in a blizzard?
What's the average lifespan of an owl?
What do you call the 72 virgins that Allah gave isis?
How do Jewish turtles greet each other?
Why did people call the late man a tiny ass?
What do you call a helicopter mixed with a rhino?
Why aren't there any Mexicans in China?
What's a drug addict's favorite music genre?
What do you call spending time with you family through BDSM?
What’s the difference between a redneck couple, and two variables in a dataset?
What did the dash say when he failed his exam?
How did Hitler sneeze?
What do you call a blonde who dyed their hair brown?
What do you call a person who will only give back rubs to men?
Did you hear about the guy who stumped Trump?
What do you get when you smoke pot with a bee in a candy shop?
Why shouldn't you buy Russian underpants?
What spice is the most welcoming?
HR: Sir, why is your secretary standing with tens of underwear in hand?
What do you call a blonde female driver?
What's the difference between feminists and cancer?
Did you hear about the nun that bites her nails?
What's worst than finding a worm in your apple?
What do you call a mentally challenged lion?
What did the banana say to the hippo?
How do you become popular on the internet?
What do you call a creamsicle in Russia?
Why Can’t Coffee Shops Spell Correctly?
Why did the hen fall in the well?
What is the difference between your mom and Kim Kardashian?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
Wanna hear a joke about pizza?
What do you call a woman who obsesses over learning about sex?
What do you with a dying chemist?
What is Britain's most popular newspaper amongst breastfeeding mothers?
What did the Pink Panther say when he stepped on an ant?
why do farts stink?
What do you call Mexicans living in the USA?
Why was Cinderella kicked off the baseball team?
What do you call the feeling of being a tortured insect?
What is the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms?
What do you call a vegetarian lesbian?
Did you know LSD can make you lose weight?
Who is the supreme religious leader of the corns?
Why did the sperm cross the road?
What's the hardest part of being a paedophile?
Did you hear about the famous nudist?
What famous hotel chain do muslims prefer when travelling on religious holidays?
Did you hear about the two antennas that got married?
How do you scare away a Vestiphobic?
Jack: What is your name?
What's Dr. Dre's favorite vegetable?
What's the most common disease in Canada?
Have you ever heard the joke they don't tell dumbasses?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
What's the United States favorite brand of shortening?
What do you call a mother who lies about being a father?
What did Batman say to Robin before they got into the Batmobile?
What do you call fake pasta?
Why did the cop stink?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Chemistry joke thread?
What does the ISIS member say about telling good jokes?
How alcoholic is a drink that's guaranteed to get you drunk?
Did you get that joke about the Titanic?
What do you do when you see a fire man?
Who did the crocodiles call when they found one of their own dead?
What is a geeks favorite horror novel?
Why does Mexjco do poorly in the olympics?
What's the difference between a Syrian school and a terrorist camp?
How did Darth Vader know what Leah got Luke for Christmas?
You know which singer really cut the mustard?
Why couldn't the American leave Russia?
How do you know a girl with leprosy likes you?
How does a woman scare a gynecologist?
What did the spice merchant say when someone knocked on his door?
How many religious women does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Teacher: Why are you Late Today?
How do you blow a tranny?
How many suh dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Are We use a really strong sunblock??
What's the hardest about being a pedophile?
Why did the scientist get punched in the restaurant?
What do you call a cardboard belt?
What do you call 4 mexicans in quick sand?
What did the cripple get for christmas?
Why would Batman always beat Superman?
What's the second to last thing the redneck said before he died?
What was Osama bin Laden's favorite football team?
Who was the first man to masturbate in space?
Why is it considered socially wrong to make fun of a crying 10-year old boy in Africa?
Do you guys know the story of Flip Flap the Giraffe?
So you ask me, my friend, have I met Pancho Villa?
Why did the scarecrow get promoted?
What do you call a lesbian ice cream sandwich?
What do you call the camera used for colonoscopys?
What do you do with a dead chemist?
What do you call 1000 Jews on a train?
What do you call alcohol in a birdbath?
What's the difference between Mic Jagger and a Scotsman?
What's got four legs and one arm?
What do you call a ginger(red head) hick?
What do you call a drunken asshole?
What do you call an animal rights' activist that never grows old?
I don't mind asking anyone anything. What's the worst they could say? No?
Why can't Helen Keller drive?
What do you call the concentration camp prisoners who kept pestering the guards with questions?
What did the shoe say about the customer who didn't like that it had yellow shoestring?
Why do farts smell?
Why is Barbie not pregnant?
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a lightbulb?
Got Grapes?
What did a pirate say to fellow pirate?
What do you call a mentally impaired French Man that cant say no?
Jimmy: What has 100 legs but can't walk?
What were Steve Jobs children told to do when their father passed away?
What was the favorite chicken dish of Hitler?
Why Won't Michigan Governor Rick Snyder Take Any Flint Tap Water With Him Overseas In Order To Stick To His Promise That He'd Drink It For A Full Month...?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why did the scarecrow win an award?
What is the difference between Bing Bong and Neil Armstrong?
What is the most popular hacking tool preferred by hackers in Bangladesh?
What do you call a black person who smokes?
What's infinity minus one?
What was the musician doing when he was struck by lightning?
Why do SCUBA divers fall backwards out of boats?
What do you call a gay man's ball sack?
Did you know that Hitler made a rap album?
Why don't astronauts take anything seriously?
Do you know why I don't like simple chord progressions?
What kind of bat hangs upside-down?
How does a American mom know her daughter is on her period?
Why was the plumber sad?
How many therapists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why Won't Monica Lewinski vote for Hillary?
What's a dogs favourite cooler?
How many Redditors does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What do you call a box with a treasure location?
Why do doctors hate treating each other?
What bug has to watch it's sugar intake?
How many dead babies does it take to change a light bulb?
What do anal and spinach have in common?
What did José name his son?
How do you get a jew girls number?
What's the difference between a drug dealer and a prostitute?
What did the unicyclist say to the bicyclist?
How many Hillary Clinton supporters does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt have in common?
Did you hear about the day your parents got married?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
Why do scuba divers fall backwards off of the boat?
How much alcohol does it take to get a black person drunk?
Which band does rockclimbers listen to ?
What's Dave Mustaine's favorite science?
Where do elephants keep their luggage?
Did you hear about the time that /u/poem_for_your_sprog and /u/ShittyJokeExplainBot got into trouble?
How do you know if a wizards gay?
What's the difference between an inaccurate hunter and a constipated owl?
Whats the most politically divided animal?
Why do the Lannisters have such big beds?
How long does it take Han Solo to screw in a light bulb?
Are you in a fight with another person?
Did you hear about the crocodile who got waxed?
How do you find out if the cat is dead or alive in the Schrodinger's cat paradox?
What's the difference between a strip club and a circus?
How many South Americans does it take to change a light bulb?
What's a cats favourite alcoholic drink?
What clothes do Quakers wear?
What did the Alabama Police officer call the black guy who had been shot 6 times in the head?
A child drinks bleach, why is milk often given?
What's the difference between Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump?
What was Beethoven's favorite fruit?
Did you hear about the cactus that went to the party?
What is a ferret funeral?
Did you hear about the kid who slept through every class in school?
How do you make a tissue dance?
What do you called a prince-sized bed?
What is a crevice that is owned by someone and not allowed to be stepped into?
Whats the difference between a Pizza and Jew?
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews?
What's the difference between a microwave and anal sex?
What's the difference between the strippers and the circus?
What do you do after you rape a deaf girl?
What did the midget give her boyfriend after his concert?
You know why i love hiking?
Why did Luke want to become a jedi so badly?
What happened to the man with two wooden legs whose house burnt down?
What is the difference between Game of Thrones and Twitter?
What's the difference between acne and a child molester?
Why is the grass greener in Ireland, than it is in England?
How does Hitler give directions?
Who invented triathlon?
What car does Luke Skywalker drive?
Dad, are ghosts real?
What planet smells the worst?
What did Obama say when he was alone?
What is the French verb that means "To declare war"?
What lies on it's back a hundred feet in the air?
What do you call it when...?
Why don't you give a college kid fried chicken?
What do you call a zoo with only Giraffes?
Why do old Jews watch pornos backwards?
What do prisoners used to talk to each other in jail?
What do Welshmen call a sheep dog in Wales?
What do you call a Jamaican redditor?
You know why the Baptists don't make love standing up?
What do you call it when a sewer collapses on itself?
What do you say when you leave the UAE?
What does an 80-year-old person taste like?
Why is the number of black priests so small?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's the gayest way to die?
Why did the boy drip his ice cream?
Where did the Jewish girl go during the bombing?
What do you call a Jamaican who likes spaghetti?
Why do seagulls live by the sea?
Why did the Chemistry Teacher go to Jail?
What is Jamaica's favorite TV series?
What do you call a snake that's 3.14 metres long?
Whats the difference between a smart midget and a venereal disease?
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection?
How does William Shakespeare make chili?
What do you call a Norwegian prostitute?
How do you starve a neurosurgeon?
What's the difference between a terrorist training camp and an orphanage?
What do you call a trespassing camper?
What do you call a computerized rock band?
Why are homosexuals always happy?
How did the psychiatrist break his leg?
What is the driest soda you can buy?
How do you celebrate Christopher Columbus day?
How many optometrists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Whats the difference between a terrorist training camp and an orphanage?
Why do men die before their wives?
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and acne?
How many software developers does it take to fix a light bulb?
What do you do when you see your wife stumbling around in the backyard?
Why did Insane Clown Posse never learn about magnets?
What will Stevie Wonder's next album be called?
Where's the best place to pick up a girl who plays hard-to-get?
What's green and smells like pork?
You know why matter is fond of using the metric system?
What's another name for Krav Maga?
What do you call a Bear who is just learning to use the force?
How do you start making big bucks?
How many Jersey girls does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Did you hear about the identical twins who robbed a bank?
What's your favorite word?
What do pedophile sex-tourists and napalm have in common?
When are Latkes traditionally eaten?
Did you read the article about corduroy pillowcases?
What is Gordon Ramsay's favourite movie?
Could Cat Stevens beat Wolf Blitzer?
What do you get when you have an ant with 8 legs?
What's the diffence between a thong and a bandsaw?
What is the best way to stop rape?
What is a group of gay pirates favorite pastime?
Which wrestler has the finisher that stings the most?
Why is it easy for gays to escape a fire?
Why did the chicken cross the road today?
What's Bernie Sanders's favorite insurance company?
When is my wife's favorite day to make love?
What's an epileptic's motto?
Do you know what Jafar's original name was?
How did the blind girl accidentally get pregnant?
Why did the Boxer Rebellion fail?
What happens when your friend from Prague topples over?
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Andrew Jackson?
RIP Prince. But are there any updates from Michael Jackson?
What if Stephen Hawking is the real Slim Shady?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?
What are the best kinds of speedbumps?
Why does a pony have a sore throat?
What happened when Hamlet discovered his love dead?
Did you hear about Prince?
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall?
What does a belt like to do?
Where does the 3D shape go when it murders someone?
What comes in hard, comes out soft, and what do you blow hard?
Why us it not good to have an oily face?
How do you find the circumference of a sheep?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
Why do the French not pronounce "h" at the beginning of words?
What do you call a group of hot moms in space?
What's it called when a priest is always late?
How many muslims does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the deal with comedians who use observational comedy?
When drinking liquor while watching baseball, at what point will you be the most drunk?
What do you give a girl that has everything?
What's the difference between pink and purple?
Why was the powerlifter fired from his job at the restaurant?
Why do black people have big nostrils?
Have you seen the new French Flag?
What does a dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac do at night?
What do you call it when an eclipse occurs?
What animal can only survive in temperate climates?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
What is DNA short for?
Was JFK born in USA?
How many stoners does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Wanna hear a racist joke?
Where does Santa keep his nuts?
Why do wrestlers love video games?
What does Bill Clinton say to Hillary after sex?
What do you call a sleep walking nun?
If 4/20 is national weed day whats 4/21?
Why does black lives matter affect the postal service?
Who was the chicken's favorite musician?
What did the mouse say when his cheese was stolen?
Did you hear they finally caught the watch thief?
Why did the blind man become Hitler?
How are a pizza maker and a gynecologist the same?
What's the difference between bacteria and rednecks?
Why will the artist formerly know as Prince only hire former FBI agents as his house maids?
What subject did the Warlock major in at University?
Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, and Ted Cruz are on a plane. The plane crashes. Who survives?
Why is golf better than sex?
Why did Hitler really commit suicide?
What's worse than being stuck in traffic behind a driver that's vaping?
Why is Hillary Clinton just like a man?
If Hilary and Trump were to be stranded on an island, who would survive?
Have you seen the movie Constipation?
Why do cops make good farmers?
What do you call a laughing labradoodle?
What's 18 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole?
Problem with fire ants?
What's attractive in a prostitute ?
What do you call someone who does a BA in Arts, a MA in English and a PhD in Gender Studies?
Where do all the normies play?
How can a vegetarian satisfy himself in a non vegetarian Indian restaurant?
Why do marine biologists have such a high job satisfaction rate?
What's the difference between inlaws and outlaws?
If Hilary and Trump were to be stranded on an island, who would survive?
What did the pirate say when he walked into the brothel?
Why don't Mexicans play bridge?
What's the difference between Trump and a pile of poop?
How does procrastination start?
Where did Josef Stalin watch pornography?
If Matthew McConaughey was in the KKK, what would his catchphrase be?
When does a joke become a dad joke?
What do you call someone who was born in a camper?
All your responses must be oral, okay?
What's the one thing you need to know in order to make money on the stock market AND not have kids without using condoms?
What do you call a white girl that can run faster than her brothers?
Why are Republicans so insistent on a war in the Middle East?
How does a handwriting analyst determine how his lover is feeling?
What does a fat person, a match, and a phone have in common?
What do u call a bad jokester?
What did the hammer announce over the intercom to the evacuating screws screaming for help?
What is brown and sticky?
What's a blind person's least favorite theme park?
Where does a general keep his armies?
Why do people in tumblr like quantum computing?
Why did the tomato blush?
What do you call a balding Native American?
What's the Riddler's favourite beverage?
What's worse than an adult?
How many dead hookers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why didn't Edward get on the plane?
What do you call a person in the White House who is honest, intelligent, and law-abiding?
What joke would piss off any redditor?
How many freudian psychologists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What the difference between a catholic priest and a pimple?
Why did AMD release black edition cpu?
Wat do you call the entrance to a whore house?
Why did dave go into the backseat?
Why was six afraid of seven?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why did the masturbating murderer turn himself in?
What's the difference between USA and USB?
Why did the ghost go to rehab?
What is Jack the Rippers favorite restaurant?
Why did the man wear a diaper to the bar?
What Does Trump Say When His PC Crashes?
Why does Sirius Black get all the girls?
What did the basic girl say after all her writing utensils broke?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
What is the difference between being Scottish, Irish, or Welsh?
What is Cthulhu's favorite cookbook?
What's the difference between friends and potatoes?
What's the worst thing to come out of The Armenian Genocide?
What is a chiropractor's favorite movie?
How do you greet the cold horse across the fence?
What do you tell a diabetic girl in bed?
How do you know your sister's having her period?
What were the last words of the Mayor of Hiroshima?
What does all pirate music have in common?
What does Hillary Clinton use to drown the noise of Black Lives Matter protesters?
What's black and screams?
What is brown and sticky?
Why did the midget laugh while walking across the field?
Why does Victoria beckham shave her twat?
Why was Vladimir late to gym class?
What do you call an anarchist grandmother who just found out she's pregnant?
If H2O is water, and H2O2 is hydrogen peroxide, what is H2O4?
What does a frog do when it's sad?
What does dark humor have in common with food?
Why are most reactionists black?
How do cannibals pick up women?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's Donald Trump's favorite dance move?
What do people do for a party itinerary in the Jersey Shore?
What do you call a group of armed nuns enforcing the status quo?
What do you call a native american women that has 2 periods a month?
What do you call three Make-a-Wish Foundation kids?
Pssst, what's the answer to question number 5?
What do you call someone who is sexually attracted to a crocodile?
Do you like any sports?
Why was the illegal immigrant so offensive?
What's the difference between a Kindle and a Kindle Fire?
Whats the difference between the circus and a strip club?
Who's the most unpopular person at the Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch football match?
What did the ancient Egyptian cheerleader chant?
What do Princess Diana and Pink Floyd have in common?
Why did Hitler kill himself?
Q: What food diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%?
What does the Dodge driver say when someone knocks the door?
How do you tell 2 Scotsmen apart?
What do you call an insane nocturnal blood-sucking parasite?
why the animale go to the store?
What did Sam say to the young Americans?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
Why Indian restaurants are so good at JavaScript?
Why does Barbie hate Amazon?
What do you call kangarooo jump and play hocky?
How do cows move in groups?
Why did Sally fall of the swing set?
What's the difference between a good haircut and a bad haircut?
How do you tell the sex of an ant?
Did you hear about the horny squirrel?
Did you know Darth Vader had a wife?
Did you hear about the Energizer Bunny?
How does a mermaid give birth?
How do you think the unthinkable?
What do you get when you cryogenically freeze a genetic copy of basketball legend Kareem Abdul Jabbar?
Husband brings the child home from kindergarten and asks his wife, "He’s been crying the whole way home. Isn’t he sick or something?
A kid asked his mom : how did you make me ?
Why did the boy peek down the toilet bowl?
How do we know that Dumbledore was a horcrux?
What do STDs and jokes have in common?
What should be Serena William's nickname?
What's the difference between a black man and a bench?
What did Sean Connery do when he saw a guy drowning?
Whats the difference between a pile of dead babies and a ferrari?
What's the difference between a Ferrari and a boner?
Why does Kim Jong Un love books?
What do you call a gay guy who blends in really well with his straight friends?
What happened when the sausage came in first?
What's a Frenchman's favourite social media button?
What's long and black?
How will Trump fund the wall?
What's the difference between a Jew and Harry Potter?
Why did the circus animals go on strike?
Where do you buy a baby?
How many police officers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's better than getting gold in the Special Olympics ?
What's red and bad for your teeth?
Asked my friend from North Korea how has life been going?
How long does it take for a black woman to poop?
How does the Mexican national anthem start?
What did the German physicist call his beer mug?
Why did John Lennon get shot?
You know what's better than Tennessee?
What Nationality has the easiest time learning sign language?
What's addicting?
How many Sandpeople does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why did the chicken cross the road, roll around in mud, and cross again after being caught by the mafia?
What is 50 Cent's guiding philosophy?
What the rapper's younger brother say when he got hit by his Molotov Cocktail?
What kind of wolf never runs?
What do you call an annoying Chinese chef?
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet?
What do you call the security guards outside a Samsung factory?
What was the name of the Mongolian warlord's favorite cow?
What Color Is It?
How do the Lanisters make large beds?
What do a porn star and an IT security analyst have in common?
What's worse than finding half a worm in your apple?
What do you call a bodybuilding Mexican who's run out of protein?
What's a pigs favorite morning tv show ?
What did the BMW say to the Audi on the side of the road?
What type of curry sets fire to the rain?
Do you know why Trump's name is on all of his buildings?
Why does pokemon have only one save file per game?
What do Emos and automatic lights have in common?
did you hear about the flying German pancakes in WW2?
What smells like shit, looks dead, and doesnt give a fuck?
What's it like to have a social life?
What do you get when you cross a slaughterhouse worker and a bad comedian?
How many tickles does it take to make an octupus laugh?
What's 12 inches and white?
What do you get when you cross an octopus and a lion?
Why is Bernie Sanders seems like having a long nose?
What does a Jamaican Liar sit on?
Did you hear about the new pop singer that has giant nipples?
What's the difference between a catholic and and a catoholic?
How many Jews can you fit in a car?
What did Mike Tyson say to Vincent van Gogh??
Racist: What's black and white and unemployed?
What do you call a construction truck wearing a toupée?
What do you call a man wearing two rain jackets?
Why are linear equations so easy to interrogate?
Why is Pokemon quite realistic?
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet?
What's the hardest thing about having a colostomy bag?
What is the bravest organ?
Why did the billionaire philanthropist spend his fortune bringing butter production to developing countries?
What do you call a woman who does not have all her toes on one foot?
What is Robb Stark's least favorite band?
What's long, straight, and found between a pair of legs?
What do you call a Russian bovine made out of small flowerless plants?
Where does Lorena Bobbitt get her chicken sandwiches?
Why did the melons get married in a church?
Why do traffic lights turn red?
What is cheese's favorite music genre?
Can February March?
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection?
What do you call a group of black people?
What do you call a prison for gays?
What is Peter Pan on death row?
What word has the most letters in it?
What do you call it when you get a blowjob from a woman with Zika?
What's the difference between Hitler and Donald Trump?
What's the most influental animal rights philosopher?
Why did everyone make fun of the economist's fetish?
What do you call a horse that lives next to you?
What kind of bees make milk?
Is it just me or is champion op-ness kind of rotating ?
What do you do after raping a blind, deaf and mute girl?
Why did Hitler move from Germany to Westeros in full support of the Starks?
Why did Donald Trump outlaw grated cheese ?
What do you call a Jedi who worries about not making deadlines?
Which composer do lumberjacks prefer to listen to?
How many black guys does it take to cook chicken?
Anyone know why jewish people like coupons and deals so much?
Why is Six afraid of Seven?
What do you call 1000 emo kids at the bottom of the ocean?
How would you rate an average upholstery job upon completion?
An emo kid, a Jew, a Mexican, and a black guy jump off a building, who wins?
What's 12 inches long and makes your wife scream all night?
What did the ghost of Kurt Cobain say right after his death?
what do you call a magical dog?
What do you call a Robotic Abortion Doctor?
What do you call a group of Spanish-speaking moms who band together to protect their neighborhood?
What do you call a Jew who gets beat by women?
What kind of cancer always stands by the government?
How should justice be brought about on criminal semites?
Do you have any raisins?
Why are no murders solved in West Virginia?
Want to hear a word I just made up?
What do you get when you mix a elephant and a rhino?
What did the passive-aggressive raven say?
Which bees produce milk?
Did you hear about Trump getting Pink Floyd back together?
How can you tell if a girl is under 18?
What do you call a Jew who is terrible with money?
Why are the Irish considered lucky?
Why is mustard gas so dangerous?
What do you call a Jew with no chance of getting ahead?
What's a Jew's favorite classic rock song?
Why was the potato chip angry?
What's the difference between a baby and baby Alien?
What do Mathematicians use to fry their food?
What's the most popular Internet meme in China?
What does a rich guy from Israel wear?
What happened when the composer got angry?
Whats the difference between boobs and batteries?
What do you call dirty white underwear?
What do you call an incredibly flexible chicken with an alien wristwatch?
Why is it that sumo wrestlers shave their legs?
What did the fly say to the other fly?
Why did the dolphin get a fair trial?
Why did they give a megaphone to the dog who couldn't climb a tree?
How are eating a girl out and working for the CIA similar?
What happens when you get a bladder infection?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
what do you call a gay guy on roller skates?
How did the man find out his sister was actually his half-sister?
What's a tree's favourite composer called?
Girl, do you watch football?
Why does Bob Ross hide his wife's razor?
What does a bee from Asia do?
What do you get when you dissolve Zyklon B into Israel's water supply?
What is it called when Lebron James has sex?
What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew?
What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea?
What do baby showers and golden showers have in common?
You know what they say about girls with big feet...?
What did the Russian tell his nervous Socialist Dictator at the amusement park?
Why do women love chocolate?
How was copper wire invented?
Why was Ohm the Empire's best scout?
What do you call the worst Dr. who graduated from the worst med school?
How much does Dickbutt make an hour?
Who is this "one"?
What is the difference between catholic priest and acne?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What does Stephen Hawking say when his computer crashes?
what do you call a mexican who lost his car?
What happened to the cross-eyed circumcist?
What is light and red?
Where did the little Japanese girl go when the little boy dropped by?
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
Did you hear about the scarf that Eva Braun knitted for Hitler?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
What's the difference between sex and a slice of pizza?
What do you call a Russian snake that's eating its own tail?
Why did the can crusher quit his job?
What do you get when you cross a cow with an octopus?
What do you call a crocodile/robot sent from the future to save the past?
Where do you take a sick ship?
Why did the hypothalamus want to join a band?
What's the difference between a person with a forehead and a fivehead?
What did Mexican Anakin say when he heard about the Catholic Priest sex scandals?
Why did the Mayor take so long to endorse a Presidential candidate?
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist?
How do you kill a fox?
What's blue and not very heavy?
What do you call a Mexican detective?
What do you call it when a jugaloo sleeps with his girlfriend after a fight?
If a well endowed woman works at Hooters, where does a guy with an amputated leg work?
Why are men typically smarter than women?
How rare was the disease that killed Tom Jones' wife?
Who would steal an artificial leg?
Why was a guy arrested for peeing on Indian land?
Why was I sentenced to 1 year in prison with 6 months probation after killing a nigger?
Why can't Democrats sell pants?
What do you call a /u/LegitLizard that can't move?
Why do asians squint all the time?
Where did Suze go during the bombing?
What do you call a white guy with a small dick?
What do you call a fart in a gay bar?
Why is the bottom of the ocean so dark?
What's a communist's favourite beverage?
How was the roman empire cut in half?
When is a car not a car?
Why was Michelangelo banned from bukakke porn?
What did the doctor say to the midget in his waiting room?
What's the difference between plants and black men?
What does the sign on an out-of-business brothel say?
What's brown and walks upstairs backwards?
What's 12 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole?
What do you call a masculine Arab?
​Arianna Huffington said Donald Trump is not getting enough sleep, so why isn't he getting enough sleep?
Why did everybody where white pants at The Masters?
Why did the blonde call an exterminator?
Why didn't the Mexican take Xanax?
What's a bad way to stop a pedophile?
What does A&W stand for?
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on a sinking boat. Who survives?
what did the router say to the doctor?
What's the difference between rape and football?
Why was the Gungan sent back in time by the Weeping Angel?
What's a polar bear?
Which rappers had a flow that could simultaneously speed up and slow down at the same time?
[Dark] What is black on the bottom and white on top?
Question: What river separates China and India?
Why does Windows 10 say "Hello"?
Why didn't the grizzly bear dissolve?
Why are the Mexicans building a wall?
What could be a good name for a really inappropriate French porno?
Why does Mexico always underperform in the summer olympics?
What happens when there are two Islamic terrorist identical brothers and one is way taller than the other?
Tired?
What is the difference between SETI and Donald Trump?
What's the best part of Chinese food?
Why they never refuel in Fast and Furious?
What's yellow and goes around?
Q: What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea?
How do the French defend a city?
Why did the Mexican take Xanax?
What do you call a female comedian?
What do you call it when you think you've lost your Italian cured meat, but then you find it again?
A. Schwarzenegger has it long, Brad Pitt short, Madonna does not have it and the Pope does not use it. What is it?
What is harder than telling the difference between Chinese people?
What is west saharan favourite number?
What do you call a criminal that cant see?
Why did the lead acid battery have to tell the truth?
What do you call an alligator in a vest?
What does a cloud with an itchy rash do?
What kind of car does George Bush the younger drive?
Why are the Panama Leaks so important, anyways?
Did you hear that the North American Man/Boy Love Association go a new tech support guy?
What did the duck say after it split the atom ?
What do math teachers grow?
What's the difference between a cat and a period?
Two crows are in jail. What are they in for?
What did Death say when his furniture was repossessed?
How did the turtle call his friends?
Is your refrigerator running?
Why did the rancher stop attending poker night with his marijuana smoking steers?
What does a Syrian pirate say?
What do you call the conversation between two birds after they've had sex?
Did I tell you about the time I was going down on my grandmother?
What's black and eats pussy?
If you woke up naked, in the middle of the forest with no memory of what happened and your butt is covered in lube, would you tell anyone?
What do you call a fish that likes to cook?
Why is Jabba so fat?
What's Donald Trumps favourite album?
How will Donald Trump build such a huge wall ​without congressional approval​​?
Would you like some salt?
What's the difference between a collection and an addiction?
How many dead memes does it take to change a light bulb?
What does a duck put in its burrito?
What's a KKK member's favorite car?
Where does almond and cashew milk come from?
What's a fundamentalist Christian's favorite type of car?
How many lawyers does it take to change a lightbulb?
what did coke call his daddy ?
What's Hillary Clinton's favorite sitcom?
What do you call a blank piece of paper?
Why the largest state in US has their own Airlines?
What did the rabbit say to the carrot?
What's a large bird hiding in the bushes called?
What do you call a bear with no teeth?
If a stork brings a white baby and a crow brings a black baby, what brings no baby?
What gives you uncontrollable gas?
How can you tell a dog is a cool dog?
What do you call a racecar driver?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
What did the pedophile write on his Tinder profile?
What did the baby corn say to the momma corn?
What do you call a dad butt?
Why couldn't the homosexual Irishman with an oral fixation order at the restaurant?
What´s a Muslim´s favorite cologne?
What's the difference between a tuna, a piano and a gluestick?
Whats Saudi Arabia's highest rated sitcom?
What do you call a sudden breeze at The Masters?
What is the difference between homeless people and feminists?
How do you catch a unique bird ?
What has tiny balls and screws old ladies?
Why is the new Star Wars film called Rogue One?
What do you call a dock that lost it's cock?
What is a pirates favorite letter?
How do you know a stranger could be an engineer?
Why when you spill red wine on a carpet do you take the stain out with white wine?
Why did Dory warn Nemo about escaping through the toilet?
Why did the gifting company fire their last employee ?
Ever have sex with a schizophrenic?
What do Whitney Houston and Jeremy Clarkson have in common?
Why do the French get high so fast?
What do you get when you cross a German and a Mexican?
If you could have one super power what would it be?
What do you call a guy who likes touching unripened cheese?
What do you call two gay Irish men?
We're doing married golfer jokes now?
How is food purchased an an Irish grocery?
What did the Nazi doctor tell his fully dilated patient.?
Why did the illiterate man with the 3 foot penis get dumped by his girlfriend?
If Hillary brought a carpet bag to New York, what did Bill bring?
What do you call the doctor for dogs?
Why is Bill Cosby like the The Wizard of Oz?
Is it I 'ran' through the campground?
If my blood type is A+, can I use that for my GPA?
What has four legs, two humps, and is given a copy of Metal Gear Solid for their computer?
What emotion does a tree feel every spring?
How Many Business Analysts Does It Take To Change A Light Bulb?
Did you see the video of the woman on her period with a yeast infection?
Why is it called almond milk?
Did you hear about the cvs looted by BLM supporters?
What's the worst thing you can come across while browsing the Internet?
Why can't Chinese have Caucasian children?
What do Catholic Star Wars fans say?
How many heretics does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why are women such bad drivers?
Where do bots go for fun?
Why isn't Hitler allowed at barbecues?
How are women and computers the same?
Where does the king keep his armies?
What do you get if you cross Donald Trump with a reddit user?
What happened to the man running in front of a car?
Why was the feminist picnic cancelled?
Knock, knock. Who's there? Deja. Deja who?
What gets easier to pick up as it gets heavier?
What do you call a lobster dressed up as Santa?
Why does my son Richard like playing in the mud?
Where do Robots go for fun?
What's the difference between a Muslim and a Suicide Bomber?
Why did Kesha switch "$" back to an "s"?
Why is Jupiter both the favourite and most hated planet for Jews?
Woman 1 - Your husband now comes home early. How has this happened?
Did you hear about the lazy pig always making fun of the other pigs?
What does caravans and women underwear have in common?
What doe you call a banana's grandmother?
What do you call Batman who skips Church?
Why did Princess Diana cross the road?
How do you write the sound made by a pot or pan bouncing down the stairs?
Why do Scottish men have long skinny dicks?
What's the difference between an infinite line and an infinitely large circle?
[Dirty] What is the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew?
Why do seagulls fly over the sea?
What do you call an Irishman who's had eight beers?
How do you make a hormone?
What is good on pizza, but not good on pussy?
How does Kanye West screw in a lightbulb?
What did Stella McCartney say during a threesome?
Did you hear that Robin got married?
Where do pirates store their files?
Why do they call Hannibal Lecter “The Mail Man”?
What do you get when you cross and elephant with a rhinoceros?
Why doesn't the sun pack it's bags?
Why didn't the scarecrow win his award?
What was more important than the invention of the first telephone?
What's the other name for Game of Thrones?
Why did the feminist cross the road?
Why did Hitler commit suicide?
Why are do many Italian-Americans named Tony?
What do they call divorce in India?
What hangs at a man's thigh and wants to poke the hole that it's often poked before?
What's the difference between between a pizza and a black person?
What's the difference between a Jew and a Bullet?
How do you know a presidential candidate is lying?
Why do all the trees in Kansas lean south?
What did the Sewage Worker say to his apprentice?
What do you call a gathering of otolaryngologists?
What is One Direction's favorite place to eat?
Why do Jewish men get circumcised?
What do Mediterranean volcanoes make for dessert?
What's the difference between a vegan, a crossfit instructor, and a psychological test subject?
What did the clam say when a crab attacked him?
What do you call a Mexican with a small penis?
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a grape?
How much did the pirate's new earrings cost him?
How many times can look at the sun with a telescope?
What do you call a German with no good inside?
What do you call a black astronaut?
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for his birthday?
What's worse than a cardboard box?
Where do stoner cars store their weed?
Who did E.coli call after it lost a fight in school?
What are a fedora tipper's three favorite pokemon?
Why was the A.I. afraid of instagram?
How do you call a lesbian, black, Canadian woman?
Why is Japan the only country to celebrate the Penis?
What did Abe Lincoln say after a three day drinking binge?
Why can't you trick an unemployed jester?
Why can't you trick an unemployed jester?
What did the dad say to Michael Jackson at the beach?
How do you say goodbye to an epileptic?
What is Dwight Schrute's hometown?
How do programmers get a sixpack?
Why should you always take at least two Baptists with you when you go fishing?
Whats a printer's favorite sandwich?
What do you call a dizzy asian?
What do you call a serial killer that deals weed?
Why can't you trick unemployed jesters?
John was at the 17th floor of a building. John hop off from the ledge and began to fall. Why didn't John die?
What's the difference between Batman's parents and jokes about Batman's parents?
How many animals can you fit in a condom?
Why do school nurses bring a red crayon to work?
Have you heard about Will.i.am's new sitcom?
What's Gordon Ramsay's favorite sex position?
What did the newly paroled French prisoner name his restaurant?
Why are there so many trees in Harlem?
How does a lawyer from Panama play his guitar?
What do you call an armadillo at a fashion show?
What color is the most metal?
Why is Islam in Iran so bad?
What do you call a pink slip served inside a bag of coffee?
Police Officer: How high are you?
What's a dentists favorite time?
What did Donald Trump do in Musical theatre?
Where does a guru get his sandwiches?
What does a terrorist and a soccer player have in common?
How can you tell when a politician is lying?
What would you call a Mexican that lost his car?
Why did the arborist plant new pine trees on their front lawn?
What's Kanye West's favorite fish?
Why did the pregnant woman love to tell jokes?
If April showers bring May flowers, what do Mayflowers bring?
What's the difference between Audi drivers and a cactus?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do you call a Spartan king with a disease?
What does a British guy say when he beats an Eastern European at chess?
If everybody became a zombie, which zombie would be the most life-threatening one?
What do you call a booth babe at Apple's events?
What did they gay necrophiliac say about his ex-lover?
What shoes do roosters wear?
Want to know why everyone loves time warner cable?
What vehicle does Hitler use to fly ?
Why aren't there any Muslim feminists?
What do you call it when Al Capone goes camping?
You need to chew poop. You can only chew one tsp a day. How do you eat 8tsp in two days?
What's the most overused joke nowadays?
What do Mexicans cut their pizza with?
What do you call a farm full of blacks?
How much does it cost a pirate to get his ear pierced?
What did the bartender say to the alien?
Why did the ram run off the cliff?
What type of music does the Easter Bunny listen to?
Why do you want to run for President?
What could have been the most stuppidest result of Napolleonic wars if France won?
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mine shaft?
How can you tell when Clinton is lying?
What is the best way to determine if someone is ticklish?
Why did Kyle Crane have to change the lightbulb?
How does Moses make his tea?
how much does a deer cost?
What's Kanye West's favorite fish?
Why is it so easy to fool a vampire?
What do you call a cow that will go down in history?
What do you call a strong woman with a successful career and family life?
Why is dog man's best friend?
Why did Barty Crouch Jr. stop drinking?
What is the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler?
What do you call a nose that can see into the future?
How does a **real** man know when a woman is having an orgasm?
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
How an Illuminati living in the arctic is called?
What did the peasant say when he went surfing in the Russian Revolution?
What do you call a black man with a gun ?
What's another name for a Jew?
How much does a Polar Bear weigh?
Why did Constantinople fall?
Whats the difference between the government and a stripper?
What's the difference between a Priest and Acne?
How do people at rodeos heckle the riders?
What did the hat say to the scarf?
How does Bob Marley like his donuts?
Why did the console gamer cross the road?
What did Marvin Gaye's dad say to him on his birthday?
What's the most popular Russian streaming service?
What's the Boogeyman's part-time job?
How does a nihilist propose to his fiancee?
How did the Hipster burn his tongue?
What did the man say when he stopped piggybacking his fat friend?
What did the duck say when he bought the chap-stick?
Why do accountants make the best serial killers?
Why are gay men so well dressed?
What's the most popular religion for addicts?
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord?
How man Sah Dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How do you make a neato burrito?
Do you know the difference between 1 minute of oral and 1 minute of anal?
What's pink, wrinkly, hairy, smells of pee, and hangs out you boxers?
What do gay Asian men do in the bedroom?
What do you do when you lose your Kia car?
What do you say to an native american who, you think, is telling you lies?
What do you call a perfect society formed by an Asian?
Have you heard of the new sex scandal in the church?
How much do all the bones in the human body weigh?
What should we call this giant advertising board?
What's E.T. Stand for?
Did you hear about the meteorologist competition?
What do you call an Indian man who fought for years for peace that then transitioned into a woman?
What do you call an imaginary color?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
What do you call a sick russian?
Why did Jesus die ?
Where does Arnie sit at the movies?
How many children does it take to change a light bulb in America?
What does an American actor say when going to Europe?
Did you hear about the man with five penises?
What happens when Donald Trump takes cialis?
How many mitochondria does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why did the Earth suddenly enter a manic episode then go back to a depressive episode?
What's the difference between men and women?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why does Dr Pepper come in a can?
How many antisocial guys does it take to change a flat tire?
What body part never seems to win?
What does a pirate light on the Fourth of July?
What's the difference between a women's track team and a tribe of pygmies?
How many feminists does it take to make a sandwich?
What's Rick Grimes' favorite holiday?
What saying is discouraged in both the USA and North Korea?
What's the difference between today's most sophisticated encryption that can still be cracked and the still uncracked ciphers of the Zodiac Killer?
What will i do when i die?
Have you heard the ethical rapist's motto?
How did Lex Luthor hide his money laundering from superman?
How many fuck boys does it take to change a light bulb?
What did the lazy suspect say to the court?
What do you call a half Mexican half Japanese jedi master?
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet?
What's the difference between a prostitute and oreo?
Why did Elon Musk's wife leave him?
What do a pizza delivery boy and a gynecologist have in common?
What's the name of the Iraqi basketball team?
What's Forest Gumps password?
Why should you separate something into 62 parts if you want to make it tiny?
When is the worst time to get Cancer?
What's the difference between TheFineBros and r/Jokes?
What is Mr. T's favorite month?
Did you hear about the house the two lesbians made?
Why is r/Jokes like Donald Trump?
What did fish on the kitchen bench say to the other fish?
Why did the console peasant cross the road?
What do you call a chicken that's looking at a cabbage?
How can you tell if someone is ticklish?
Why is Russian the most dangerous language to learn?
Who are the fastest readers in the world?
What does one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob?
What do you call it when two amoebas say hi?
What's the difference between Rutgers and Rikers?
What does /r/jokes and the iPhone vs FBI case have?
Did you guys hear the news?
What musical instrument do people with STDs play?
Why didn't the pretty woman walk down the street?
What does relative humidity mean to a redneck?
What is the opposite of Turkish?
What do you call a Unicorn with his horn cut off?
What type structural support do you make out of phone books?
What do you call a tuber that buys his girlfriend chocolates?
What do you call a Muslim Elvis Impersonator?
What do you call it when a car full of Mexicans catches fire?
What would Al Pacino be called if he marries Daenerys Targeryen?
Did you know that a person born under caesarean section is not eligble to run for presidency?
What's it called when you get a boner on a movie set?
Who built the round table?
Once a girl lied to her husband about her extra martial affair .. You know what happened next ?
Why doesn't Trump's campaign manager answer his phone?
Why did Hitler commit suicide ?
Have you heard of this new drug?
How can you tell if someone has Alzheimer's?
What did one boob say to the other boob?
Did you hear about the Indian that drank 50 cups of Tea?
What do you call a Mexican Juggalo?
How do we call a skinhead with an Afro?
Why was Selena Gomez suspended in elementary school?
How many vegans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's the difference between Jesus and a hooker?
Did you hear about the corduroy pillow?
What do you call a confused Asian person?
What do you get when you play a country song backwards?
What's the difference between a gambler and a Kasich supporter?
What's the term for when the pool breaks during water birth?
What do you call a rainbow of Jeeps in the driveway?
How do you find a blind man in a nudist colony?
What did the hebrew tree say when the French man asked it's name?
Why is Hannibal so rich?
Why Romeo could not meet Juliet at an Apple Store?
How do Muslims cook their eggs?
What do you call someone who supports Hillary?
What do you call it when a therapist falls down for no reason?
What do Driving Testers and Vegetarians have in common?
Remember when I pissed off Apollo?
What do you call a Hillary supporter?
What do you get when you cross a Chicken with Peanut Butter?
Why can't Helen Keller drive?
How can you tell a bernie sanders supporter from a hillary supporter?
What do dyslexic Koreans eat?
Why are aliens bad at high-fives?
What do you call a rigged carnival?
Why couldn't the anthropologist find any Lomekwian tools?
How many zen buddists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why doesn't an old man ever go down on his old wife?
Why did the human cross the road?
If donald trump marries donald duck ,What will they name their child?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil?
What do you call a drummer who just broke up with his girlfriend?
What do you call a mentally retarded chef?
What do you call a man trying to conceal his boner?
What do you call the act of press-ganging someone into a monastery?
How is a Trump campaign chief like a vibrator?
What do frogs deal?
Where do country music artists become country music greats?
How do you know your dog is gay?
What's the difference between an oral and rectal thermometer?
How are two gay guys who are perfect for each other similar to an Ancient Chinese Emperor?
What's a pirate's least favourite letter?
Who do you call when a sleepwalker injures himself?
Hillary and Trump are on a sinking boat, who survives?
What do you call male and female Jewish baristas?
Remember back in the day when you'd call someone gay and it was an insult?
What do people store their fondest memories in?
Why is safe sex a dumb idea?
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus?
What do a pimp and a cowboy have in common?
You know what amazes me?
Should computers be made of glass?
What do you call a bolt that dresses like a woman?
What would be the perfect theme song to Oscar Pistorius kicking trying to kick down a bathroom door?
What do Child predators use to get dry skin off of their feet?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
What's the difference a kidney bean and a chickpea?
What is the first thing you feel when you shoot a baby with a gun?
Why do cows wear bells around their necks?
Whats the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts?
Why does a bride wear white?
What do people and pizza have in common?
A man has 300 candy bars, but eats 137 of them. Now what does he have?
Why did the egg get a ticket from a lady police officer?
What does a spanglish speaking chicken say when it's sorry?
What did the stripper say to the father figure?
How do you recycle a condom?
There is a clerk at the butcher shop, he is five feet ten inches tall, and he wears size 13 sneakers. What does he weigh?
How do you make a gay man have sex with a woman?
What do you call a sheman wearing a bikini?
What's the difference between acne and a Catholic priest?
Another tasteless joke about Alzheimer's?
What's Stephen Hawking's favorite meal?
Porn stars' favorite drink?
What did Jay Sherman say about your breath?
What's in common between a sprinkler and the answer i got if she wanted anal?
What's the different between Twitter and Game of Thrones?
What's brown and sticky?
What do you call a blond woman who dyes her hair brown?
Who you must not greet on a plane?
How many men does it take to moderate /r/MensRights ?
What did Batman give Doctor Freeze with his whisky?
Have you ever wondered why Severus Snape taught Potions and not Herbology?
What do you call a balloon animal made out of a condom?
I've done it! I've solved the question we have all asked since the dawn of time. Where do we go when we die?
What has seven arms and sucks?
What do you call a bunch of male pornstars on a flight together?
How best to save the iPhone from FBI?
What kind of root is only easy to find on paper?
What slides in and out until it's balls are busted?
What's long, hard, and full of seamen?
Did you know that Subaru used to be called Subalu?
Why does a priest never get married?
Why can't Bernie Sanders win the election?
What's a good pickup line in a New Age bar?
Why do rappers make bad carpenters?
What did the ghost say to the bees?
Why is six afraid of seven?
Why do urologists like UTIs?
How many blondes does it take to screw a light bulb??
What do you call part of a poem written by a Seinfeld character?
How big is the US-Mexico border wall going to be?
What's Hillary Clinton's favorite Christmas carol?
What did the mountain climber name his horse?
What's Donald Trumps's favorite Christmas carol?
How do you ruin someones peaceful thoughts?
What is a catchy Girl's name?
Pickup line: Hey girl, did I take a loan from you?
What do you call a nerd after highschool?
You heard about the guy who had a heart-attack when the police entered his house?
Why is a hemiola unfair?
Why do engineering students call themselves engineers?
How can you tell if an engineer is an extrovert?
What's the longest word in the English language?
What do you call a bagel that can fly?
Why did Adolf Hitler commit suicide?
What is the difference between Trump supporters and everyone else?
What does a lesbian couple do for fun while they're having their periods?
Who stole the golden necklace? Was it a High Elf, a Nord or a Khajiit?
What do you tell a metal head who's walking on an icy street?
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells?
Mum, why do people in our family die so suddenly?
What browser do you use to watch porn?
What do you call an English teacher who used to have anxiety?
What rock group has four men that don't sing?
Why is a UTI such a bad thing?
Why are thousands of kittens dying everyday?
What is 12 inches long and keeps a woman up screaming all night?
Did you hear about that new Jewish car?
Did you hear about the suicide bombing camp?
What did Anthony Kiedis say to the caterers who attempted to place an assortment of chips and dips near his table when the Red Hot Chili Peppers performed at the Grammys?
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea?
What animal is endangered by tooth decay?
What killed the Aztec?
How do you drown a blonde?
What do you call someone with lots of imaginary friends?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Who led the Jewish people through the semi-permeable membrane?
How many pepes does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why is it hard to break up with a Star Trek fan?
How do you play the Oscar Pistorius drinking game?
Did you hear Trump announce he's doing one more season of Apprentice?
What is a woman ?
What's white, hard, and 12 inches long?
Why doesn't Ted Cruz like doing laundry?
Why is the mushroom so popular?
Wanna hear a cheesy conspiracy?
You know how light travels faster than sound?
How does Hitler line people up to get ready for mass genocide?
Why does Teller piss everyone off when he leaves a party?
Why did Jesus come back from the dead?
Did you hear the one about Bernie Sanders?
How do you make holy water?
Why did the baker have smelly hands?
Why is rotten egg the best comedian?
What is Hitler's favourite type of pizza?
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
What's the most American food?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
Why shouldn't you run over a mexican kid on a bike?
What's long and hard when you first put in in your mouth, but soft and wrinkly when you take it out?
What is Whitney Houston's favorite coordination?
Why did the Indian not show up for work?
What do you call it when Batman skips church?
If Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are on a boat together, and it sinks, who survives?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
What has four legs and one arm?
Did you ever try to shave your own butthole?
What do you call a female pilot's vagina?
What do you call a person with no skin?
What's the difference between blue paint and red paint?
What's the difference between your mom and 3 dicks?
What is a caveman's favourite audio compression algorithm?
What's the difference between Jesus and a hooker?
Why are germans so bad at marathons?
[OC] What did the asian say when he saw a line at the local soup kitchen?
What does a tree do when it wants to go home?
What did Darth Vader say to the vegetarian stormtrooper?
What do you call it when a lizard cums?
Did you guys read the book about the midget that hung himself with a belt?
How do you think the unthinkable?
Why was the feminist picnic cancelled?
Did you hear about the blackout?
What insect is the Wood Ant related to?
Hear about the time Mohammed's wife called him a pedophile?
What do you call a peaceful Bruce Lee?
what qualifies a woman in hollywood for disability benefits?
What do Caitlyn Jenner and WWII have in common?
What do giant steel beams say when they come across a nugget of gold?
Does eating fish makes you dumb?
Why did the woman fire her masseuse?
What do you get if you pour boiling water down a rabbit hole?
What was Poppin Fresh's new name after he was put into the witness protection program?
How do you see countries neighboring Russia?
What is the female equivalent of a sausage fest?
What did one cannibal say to the other cannibal while they were eating a clown?
Why aren't there any pedophiles in Japan?
What is another word for children who haven't learned how to do math?
Why does the divorced guy keep a tampon on the top of his tv set?
Wanna hear a joke about my dick?
What does Belathor call his balls?
What does Damn Daniel and pedophiles have in common?
What kind of a belly button does a German car mechanic have?
Son: Mom, when I will grow up enough to get out of the house without asking you?
How do you know you've been making too many jokes?
Why did the feminist fail algebra?
Why did the orange juice fail his math exam?
Mom mom! Is light edible?
What do santa and a Jew have in common?
Who was the fattest member of Nsync?
How does Donald Trump plan to get rid of the mexicans?
What do you get when a superhero has to use the restroom?
What is the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler?
What's the difference between a sweatshirt and a jacket?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
When does a joke become a dad joke?
What does Game of Thrones have in common with The Sixth Sense?
What's a dogs favorite part of a tree?
What kind of meat do priests eat on good Friday?
Why does the Little Mermaid wear seashells?
What's the difference between the holocaust and killing 5 black men?
What do you call two girls having their menstrual cycles?
What's the first step in getting accepted to carpentry school?
How do you find an ants forefathers?
What is the highest point in Israel?
What is it called when two lawyers are fighting?
Which scientist invented the nuclear powered floor cleaner?
Did you hear about that terrorist attacks in Moscow?
Dad, What is your favorite music genre ?
What do vegetarians love to do during sex?
What is the difference between complete and finished?
What's the difference between an original joke and a repost?
What's the difference between an original joke and a repost?
Can you imagine how hard it must be to intern a suicide bomber?
Why would you wrap a hamster in duct tape?
Why did Faraday shop at the discount bird cage store?
What do you get when cross-eyed and looking at a solar eclipse?
What do you call a dumb musician?
What do you get hanging from orange trees?
Did you hear about the guy whose toilet flushes with hot water?
Which famous pop duo were the best at delivering cereal?
What is a proctologist's drink of choice?
What's the paradox of 'lingerie'?
What's black and sits at the top of the stairs?
Have you heard about corduroy pillowcases?
What did the car-painter say to the carpenter?
Why do women have legs?
Did you hear the one about the guy who got his left side cut off?
What do 50 cent hot dogs have in common with lumber?
What's the hardest part about rollerskating?
What do you call a pothead that murders?
How do you get a Kansas alumni off your porch?
What super hero league is Caitlyn Jenner part of?
Which web developer enjoys finding bugs?
In a communist country, what does a woman say to a man before having sex?
What do characters at Disney World and strippers have in common?
What would I be if I were twice myself?
What does a burnt pizza, a frozen beer and a pregnant girlfriend have in common?
How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why is it so windy in Texas?
What do you call a fish that can't sing?
What do you call stuffing an orifice with chilies?
Did you hear about the new Die Hard where Willis Infiltrates a Corrupt Nunnery?
Why did no one notice Thor's brother?
What's the difference between a neurotic, a psychotic and a psychotherapist?
Girl, do you need an inhaler?
Girl are you a dishwasher?
Why can the Devil never go back to Georgia?
How do you tell a crazy Jew that it's all in his head?
Did you hear about the emo pizza?
What do Caitlyn Jenner and my Chrysler have in common?
What's the worst part of having to break up with a Japanese girlfriend?
What prize did the dead body receive?
Do you think Hitler got his inspiration from Hansel and Gretel?
What is a nurse in the maternity ward's favorite kind of food?
What do you call a bulletproof Irishman?
What's the difference between your mom and my mom?
(No spoilers) What did Daredevil say after begrudgingly agreeing with The Punisher's brutally honest opinion that he's just a half-measure?
What would you call a set of old school rapper emojis?
What is a hemophiliac's least favorite song?
NSFR: Two tampons are walking down the street towards you. One is a Super and the other is a Slim. Which one says "Hi" first?
What's the difference between your mom and your dad?
You know what's white and crawls up your leg?
Why do sailors drink so much?
What do boobs and margaritas have in common?
Why isn't there a college in the world of Harry Potter?
Q: What's a little quicker than a shark?
What's your ringtone?
He's Trump, he's Trump, he's Trump, he's a little square. He's Trump, he's Trump, he's Trump, whats with that hair?
What do you call a small byte?
Why did the atheist get lost on a road trip?
What did the sarcastic left hand say to the right hand?
How long does an owl live?
Where do cats go to vacation?
What do you call a redneck virgin?
What's the difference between Iron Man and Iron Woman?
What does an impatient cow say?
How do you get a Jewish girl's number?
How do you defeat an American?
What do you call a joke with no ending?
How do you put an elephant in the refrigerator?
What does a flying rabbit has on his back?
What does the Sargeant of the Knowledge division always tell his troops to get?
What do you call a singing computer?
Why did the cow get a divorce?
Why is New Jersey called the Garden State?
Why do chicken coops only have two doors?
What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when it hits your windshield?
If you're American before you go to the bathroom and American after. What are you when you're in the bathroom?
Why do fish always have c-sections?
How do you teach your dog to roll over ?
How do you call the current situation in Syria?
Why did the Ottoman empire collapse?
Do you know why one side is longer than the other when birds fly in a "V" formation?
Knock knock, who's there?
What falls faster from a tree, a leaf or an Emo?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What do prostitute Equine wear?
What do you call a group of transsexual surfers?
What do you call a good looking Lebanese man?
What do you call a fashion designer, who is not yet sure about his new collection?
What do You Call Someone Who Self Harms In The Antarctica?
What Do Bernie Sander Supporters Call Their Parents?
What do you call a pretentious criminal going down a flight of stairs?
Want to hear a joke about time travel?
What do you call little kids in Belgium?
If Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, and Bernie Sanders were stuck on an island, who would survive?
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why is it possible for a door to be made out of kittens?
Is it appropriate to force an adult to wear diapers?
What do you call a camel with three humps?
Did you hear about Brussels?
What do you get 18 years after fucking your sister?
What do people say when they eat very tasty jam?
What kind of car does Yoda drive?
Why is Joey Tribbiani a presenter on the new Top Gear?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
When is the earliest time of day Nintendo fans play games?
Why were the pirates on the ship fighting?
What's the difference between a Jew and a woman?
If you were stranded on a deserted island, what's one thing you'd bring with you?
How is an easily-offended person like a broken GPS?
Why did the picture go to jail?
What's the difference in a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
Hillary and Bernie are on a boat, it sinks... who survives?
Did you hear about the zygote that joined the army?
Where does Daredevil sign contracts?
Why didn't Cinderella makes the Soccer Team?
What do motors and the Soviet Union have in common?
What do a good joke and a child with cancer have in common?
Why did the Mexican push his wife off a cliff?
What's the name of the best brewer in the world?
What falls faster from a tree? A leaf or an emo?
Did you hear about the kidnapping in Southampton?
Where do they go?
Why don't blind people go skydiving?
If Caitlyn Jenner were a super hero, what team would she be on?
What did the teenage boy who was jerking off in his room say when his mother called?
What do you call a drug addict who has been awake for 14 days straight?
What is a sure way to get a girl at a bar?
Why does the Little Mermaid wear seashells for a bra?
What did the two gay sailors bring on their camping trip?
What did the nurse say when she found a rectal thermometer in her pocket?
Why do gay men have good fashion sense?
How do you know that ET is a Donald Trump supporter?
What do designers of gum call new flavors from old ingredients?
Why does Bank of America not have a backspace on the ATM keypad?
What is the most independent kind of cheese?
Whats the difference between normal barbie and divorced barbie?
Do you know how electricity works?
What kind of fun do priests have?
What's the difference between r/circlejerk and r/The_Donald?
What do you call a terrorist from Paris?
What does a nosey pepper do?
What's the best reason to date a pornstar?
Why are sea sponges good at statistics?
Why did the siamese twins moved to England?
How do blind people sign contracts?
How can your make 7 even?
Why did the astronaut break up with his girlfriend?
How do you reject a French girl?
Why did the man become a baker?
What did the U.S. airdrop to the children of Afghanistan?
What is the Pope's favorite breakfast?
Why did the porkchop scream for help?
Why did the milking stool only have three legs?
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why were the strawberries sad?
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo?
Did you hear about the guy who broke 17 world records while sitting on a pastry?
Did you hear about the comedian who gave an old lady a defective piece of cooking equipment?
What did the Jew say when he evaded the Nazi officers?
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza?
Did you hear what happened to the latest edition of Mein Kampf?
We all know how women can fake orgasms, but do you know how a man does?
What are the strongest days?
Why did the hen win a Wild West duel between it and a Peacock?
How do you know when a firefighter passes away?
Girl, are you my brake pads and rotors?
What's the difference between a green lentil and a chickpea?
What move does the karate kid practice the most?
Why is Dubya voting Republican this year?
Why did Bernie Sanders's chicken restaurant throw out so much food?
Why 4D was invented ?
What's the difference between a Mexican and a computer?
Why don't Germans compete in marathons?
What do Ted Cruz and a tenage girl's bedroom have in common?
Whats the closest a Mexican will ever be to happiness?
What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer?
Why did the blind couple get divorced?
Why can a Cheetah not hide?
Why does Donald Trump hate pre shredded cheese?
What was the hexadecimal 6 afraid of the Canadian hexadecimal 7?
What do you call a fancy toilet?
What's more disgusting than a hickey on a haemorrhoid?
What did Helen Keller say when she put down the cheese grater?
What's the difference between sex every day, and a tire?
How did the Scot die?
Wanna hear a racist joke?
Where do comedian Eskimos live?
If an opinion is worth 2 cents, how many cents is an argument worth?
What is Yellow and Red?
Whats the difference between Hospitality and Business?
Why are there hardly any dental professionals in the South?
Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton are on a boat that is sinking, who survives?
What happens when you pet a cat in the opposite direction?
What's the best way to get bubble gum out of your hair?
Why is Michael Jackson not able to back into a parking space?
How do really crazy people get through the forest?
What do you call a gay guy's kidney stones?
What does a robot do at the end of a one night stand?
Why was the milkman afraid on Christmas eve?
What do you call an owl escapologist?
What do you call an Asian who's tolerable some of the time?
What is the difference between a Muslim baby and a Christian baby?
What's going on in the Vatican?
What do you call a chicken coop with 4 doors?
Why does a chicken coop only have 2 doors?
What is the most common blood type among pessimists?
What do you call a dream about soda?
What do a walrus and a zip-lock bag have in common?
Did you hear about the people who were sick in June from eating bacon past its use by date?
Did you know Oxford university was founded before the Aztec Empire?
Which unit describes the intensity of light in South Africa?
Did you know there is one colour that can time travel?
What do you call someone who like massages but hates women?
How many redditors are needed to screw a lightbulb?
Q: What's the difference between a cello and a violin?
How does Donald Trump rile up his constituency at a rally?
Why aren't there any white jokes on /r/Jokes?
What's a Christian's favourite guitar chord?
What is the hardest part of a vegetable?
What do you call a Mexican fighting a priest?
Wanna hear a dyslexic joke?
What do you call a flying Jew?
how do you organize a party in space?
How can you tell that truckers like nuts?
How do you jerk off a sprinter?
What do you call two crows?
What did one cell say to its sister cell when she stepped on him?
Why is the Democratic electoral landscape like a Moebius strip?
Why did the midget cross the road?
Knock knock, Who's there?
What do skaters, kidnappers, and hipsters all have in common?
What is Tumblr's least favourite show?
What did the vegatable say to the fruit?
What is the similarity between a weiner and a Rubik's Cube?
Why would someone name a dog "pistachio"?
Why wasn't Jesus born in Washington DC?
Why was it so easy to find the buried communist treasure after the Cold War?
What has 4 wheels and flies?
How did we build a tunnel to china?
What's the difference between Jesus & a picture of Jesus?
What do you call someone with no legs?
Why was the policeman sent to talk to a bunch of crows?
Why did the young Mexican solve the problem so easily?
Why did the comedian say he preferred his hamburger on a croissant roll?
What do Jewish pedophiles say?
What do you call a young plastic covered sheep?
What is the only alcoholic beverage Muslim extremists are permitted to drink?
How do you kill a vegetarian vampire?
What do Godzilla and shrimp have in common?
What's the similarity of a dough and a human?
What did the man with five penises say when somebody asked how condoms fit?
Whats the difference between an Irish wedding, and an Irish funeral?
Infatuation prick is the answer, what is the question?
How do you make holy water?
What do you call the inhabitants of London?
What does a clever sentry on guard duty say when he wakes up to see his commanding officer standing over him?
Why a centipede cannot fly coach?
What's the opposite of marshmellow?
I have orange skin, a lot of green and dislike mexicans. Who am I?
When is it okay to punch a midget?
What did Picard say when Riker asked him what kind of Chinese food he wanted?
Why don't SJWs go to college?
How many women with PMS does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What did Snoop say Dr. Dre while binge watching their favorite TV show?
What do you call a deer with a missing eye?
How do you starve a right wing christian?
What's the difference between mlk day and st. Patrick's day?
What can stop supervirus from destroying humanity ?
You wanna know why Indian Students are disliked abroad?
How do you know the economy is only getting worse?
What do you get when you cross Game of Thrones with Cartoon Network?
Why are suicide kits so hard to sell on Amazon?
What does 2 electrons say when the meet each other ?
What's the difference between a dilapidated bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
What do you call a pretzel that got his ass kicked?
How many teachers does it take to solve algebra?
Why did the man build his house out of a tree instead of bricks?
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 12 million illegal immigrants?
How many acrobats does it take to change a lightbulb?
Man: How did you compromise with your wife?
Why does Harrison Ford run from Wesley Snipes?
What's the difference between a dog and a cyclist?
Why didn't the weightlifter like doing chest exercises with Coke cans?
Whats the difference between a jew and a boyscout?
What are the chances of familiarising myself with a semiaquatic amphibian to the point of ownership?
What was the last thing that went through Princess Diana's head?
How do deer get revenge?
What is a wolf's favourite dance move?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
How do you confuse an irishman?
Did you hear about the farmer that failed dairy farming school?
Why did they produce a reality show about midgets?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What time is it in Ireland when someone farts too much?
How did Kurt Cobain die?
Tasteless Irish joke: How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
What do you call and Irish person who stays outside all night?
Do you know where there are only 239 beans in and Irish bean stew?
What do you call Pixar porn?
Why do Irishmen grow mustaches?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
What's Edward Elric's favorite band?
Why do the Irish only put 239 beans in the pot?
What do you call it when an Irish band is caught lip syncing?
What's a redneck's favorite type of bread?
What do you call a short sleeved British shirt?
When is the best time to sail?
Did you know the USA is banning shredded cheese?
What's a mile long and has an asshole every two feet?
What do you call a five year old with no friends?
Why did God create Adam before Eve?
What do you get when you mix a leper and a con man?
Have you met the two gay Irish men?
How many beans are in Irish Chili?
Why does a chicken coop have 2 doors?
Where did the Irish guy get cancer?
My name is Seamus and I build that bridge you just drove over. It's the longest spanning bridge in Ireland. Do they call me Seamus the Famous Bridge Builder?
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet?
Why couldn't the fireman put out the fire?
Why did they bury Rock Hudson ass up?
Q: What's the worst thing about eating out your grandmother?
What do you call an Irishman with Leprosy?
How long does it take for George R.R. Martin to finish a Reddit post?
Why are black people so good at basketball?
What did the muslim man say when he arrived at his resort in Hawaii?
Why are all black people fast?
How many babies does it take to paint a wall?
Q: What is long, black and stinks?
What do you get when you cross a blowjob with the Arctic?
Why didn't Michael J Fox order food at McDonalds?
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive?
What did the cool dinosaur say to his mating partner?
What does a nosy chili pepper do?
Why did Helen Keller's dog run away?
You know how drinks always mention "Please drink responsibly" ?
Why did the otter cross the road?
What do you call a Greek arsonist?
What do you call a guy with two marijuanas?
Have you heard of the new deodorant called umpire?
What's the difference between pedophiles and acne?
What's the difference between a Bernie Sanders supporter and a fat stripper?
Why do mice have such small balls?
What do a WW2 German Soldier and an Animal Doctor have in common?
What device can make prostitution legal?
What has nine arms and sucks?
What do you say when your girlfriend accuses you of being an ass man?
What do you call an emotionless Asian woman?
Why can't a T-Rex clap?
Why are American options more expensive than European?
What do you call a movie about a low-magnitude Iron ion that skips school?
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam?
Why does Jeb Bush drink RedBull?
What did the Zen master say to the hot dog vendor?
Why are gametes so popular?
What do you call a fight between two blacks?
What's bruked, broke, and fucked all over?
Why do cows have hooves?
What do people call Miley Cyrus in Europe?
Why was the Facebook post redundant?
Why has Hot Topic's sales revenue gone down?
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton?
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Are Sinking On A Cruise Ship, Who Survives?
What sea mammal controls Nazi Germany?
what is green and always happy?
What does Bernie Sanders say when he gets a haircut?
What kind of exercise did Jesus do?
Why is the ocean salty?
Why are pills white?
What is black and screams?
What do Trump and Sanders have in common?
What do you call it when a person falls ill from watching too many BBC period dramas?
What did one druid say to the other?
Why do time machines make you happy?
Have you seen the new globe they're making?
What do Paul Walker and Nelson Mandela have in Common?
What's the instrument of oppression?
What symphony is a pedophiles favorite?
What do you call a fat female assassin?
Why do pedophiles always get wines produced in the same year?
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb?
What is the most common cause of blindness worldwide?
You know what gives me the shits?
Did you hear about the snail who used to be shipped around the world in wooden crates?
Whats the worst part of breaking up with a Japanese girl?
Why did the blind guy crashed his car into another car?
Did you hear they're making an Indiana Jones 5?
How did the hipster narco escape from prison?
What's the difference between a 4 year old boy and a bag of cocaine?
What do you call it when you have a bad dream about having sex with someone you hate?
Why are people afraid of Donald Trump?
what do you call a cow with no legs?
What's the difference between a vacuum cleaner and a lawyer on a motorcycle?
What's an American's favourite day of the week?
What did the incestual burger say to his son who's leaving for college?
Why did Hitler visit the optometrist so much?
What does it sounds like when a Japanese Homer Simpson forgets how to count to 11?
What's the most important part about telling a joke?
What do you say when you get swindled by an Egyptian tour guide?
What is Hillary Clintons favorite type of footwear?
What's the difference between Whose Line is it Anway and /r/jokes?
But is that likely?
How do you make an ugly kid?
What's Pingu's favourite band?
What's the NSA's favourite game?
If a leaf and an emo fall from a tree, who hits the ground first?
Why are gay people so rude ?
What did Bea Arthur whisper in her lover's ear?
What is Spiderman's favourite brand of rice?
husband and wife ?
What do you call a cheating wife with a runny nose?
Is there a problem, Officer?
Who is the favourite communist leader of all the cats?
Why does the KKK wear all white?
What did the doctor say to the lizard who was complaining about problems performing in the bedroom?
Q: Why do Mormon women stop having babies at 35?
What did Elton John call his tribute to Mother Teresa?
Why did Mozart kill his chickens?
How do bees go to school?
Whats up Cake?
What's the difference between sperm and lawyers?
What has nine arms and sucks?
What is a math teacher’s favorite dessert?
What's the difference between someone who falls off of the 12th storey, and one who does off of the 2nd?
What's grey and comes in pints?
What does it mean "the rest of the world?
How does cheese get more mature?
What do you call a big pile of kittens?
What do you call a group of blind German kids?
What do the "Damn, Daniel" kid and pedophiles have in common?
How does a crackhead lose weight?
Why was I arrested for only 1 year with a $5,000 fine after killing an unarmed African-American man?
Why did my semen cross the road?
What did the buffalo say to his son who's leaving for college?
Whats bigger than your balls?
What's a candidates favorite instrument?
What is a gay guy's favorite kind of yogurt?
What does the lord say when the intern messes up?
What's the difference between a lawyer and a vaccuum?
What kind of suit does a lawyer like best?
What happens when you eat beans with onions?
What do you call 25 attorneys buried up their chin in cement?
How many angels can dance on the head of a pin?
If H2O is on the inside of a fire hydrant, what's on the outside?
What if weight loss supplements ads are just made by British people really transparently trying to scam you?
What do you get when you cross a fag and a dairy farm?
A leaf and an emo fall from a tree. Who hits the ground first?
What did The Zodiac Killer say before killing his victims?
What did the sexual predator chicken say about the donkey?
What happens if you violate Reddit's content policy?
What's the hardest part about watching a video of somebody being beheaded?
What is Donald Trumps favorite martial art?
What's the difference between a religion and a cult?
Why wasn't the cat moving?
Why are firetrucks red?
Why are jokes about Jonestown so funny?
What do you mean pi r square?
Which animal only feasts during Islamic ceremonies?
What happens when you violate Reddit's rules?
What do Bernie Sanders and Santa Claus have in common?
What's the difference between a kinky guy and a pervert?
Have you watched the movie about polynomials?
Why did Sally fall off of the swing set?
Made this joke today at a Chinese restaurant, the waiter just looked at me and walked off..How many Mongolians does it take to make Mongolian lamb?
What has 60 feet and 5 teeth?
Why did the peasants hate the Potato King?
Why should you hire a drag queen to help clean your garage?
Have you ever seen Ted Cruz and the Zodiac Killer in the same room?
What do you call a fat psychic?
What did the Pie say when he failed a math test?
Why did the old lady stand in front of three rows of traffic?
What is the best basket ball team ever?
What does Wolverine and Caitlin Jenner have in common?
What do you get when you cross a cow with an octopus?
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a baby?
Why is math a scumbag?
Why did Barty Crouch Jr. stop drinking?
If you're a Sanders supporter at a Trump rally, what protocols do you need to follow?
Did you hear about the kid who was outstanding at school?
What is a tick's favorite fruit?
What do call an old man that asks questions?
Did you hear about the 2 guys who stole a calendar?
Why did the writer not like his friends book?
How does Avis feel to be #2?
How can you tell when a vampire is sick?
What do you call a cute homeless girl?
Why didn't the doctor use Twitter to tell the patient that he had a deadly disease?
Whats the difference between 3 dicks and a joke?
What do Monica Lewinsky and a soda machine have in common?
What kind of cheese gives out money?
How many Mexicans are needed to change a light bulb?
you know what never gets old?
What do you call someone who failed rehab?
Why couldn't Arnold Schwarzenegger run for president?
speak, three languages you are trilingual, two, bi-lingual, what do they call you if you only speak one language?
Did you hear about the red luxury cruise liner that collided with the blue luxury cruise liner?
What is the biggest obstacle in getting rich quickly?
Why doesn't Trump like Google?
What's the difference between LSD and my dad?
What's the Priest favorite breakfast?
How do you play Taliban bingo?
What do you call a veterinarian that can only work on one animal?
What is Bill Cosby's favorite ice cream flavor?
What do Brooklyn and pantyhose have in common?
Why did Mike Dukakis lose the 1998 Presidential election?
What do you call two colored folk riding a bicycle?
What Hillary's word for a bribe?
Why do Mexicans never cross the border in groups of three?
What is steam?
Should you make jokes about fizzy drinks?
Wanna hear a joke?
What's the best things about Anti-Jokes?
What would be a more appropriate name for spiderman?
What's Canada's favorite board game?
My favorite from a Laffy Taffy wrapper: What do you call a twitching cow?
What's the difference between a beggar and a US Politician?
Why is Tumblr so unhealthy?
Why should't old people eat healthy?
Why do cows have hooves?
What's a barista in France's favorite workout?
Why can't pirates finish the alphabet?
What's the best part of having a kid?
What do you call a lesbian prostitute?
Did you hear about the new skat porno?
Why doesn't the man with an extra penis have any friends?
Why did hitler buy glasses?
What do Monica Lewinsky and NFL players both have in common?
What is the Italian postal motto?
Why is the Pharaoh a rare tuba player?
What sort of meat do you feed a priest?
What did the urologist say to his patient who forgot to take his medication?
What do you call a Zen master from eastern Europe who's been bugging you all day?
What did Sean Connery say to a couple of lobsters he saw take up an extra parking space?
If fire hydrants have H2O inside them, what do they have outside?
Why is Trump like a man with a tuber fetish?
What would have happened if Alexander Fleming met Euler?
What does Bill Cosby do when he can't sleep at night?
How many words does it take to start a car?
You ever wake up with a hangover feeling proud that you didn't send embarrassing drunk texts the night before?
How many blacks does it take to screw in a light blulb?
Did you hear about the shoemaker who went bankrupt?
What did the gardener yell when his vegetarian friend visited?
Why do Italian men grow moustache's?
Can strawberry jam?
Where do strippers go on holiday ?
What do you call the accidental nuclear bombing of a furniture plant?
What do you call a Woolworths that burnt down?
How do you pick up a fat chick?
How do you make a cat bark?
What's black, white, and red all over?
How do mathematicians become engineers?
What kind of underwear does a person wear when buried?
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
Did you hear about the girl who went on a date with a cannibal?
What's the difference between 9/11 and a computer?
What does Reddit and Dating have in common?
How do u kill a blonde paraplegic with one arm hanging from a tree?
What would New Zealand be called if it had a fascist government?
Why was the girl with the Frozen balloon sad?
How many A.D.D. kids does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call it when a photo of gay lovers falls from the wall and shatters into two pieces, tearing them apart?
What's the difference between a woman and a computer?
What do you call a religious guy from Belgium?
What's the difference between Rick Grimes and Carl Grimes?
Why was Cloud trying to cheer up Sky?
Why old people don't have sex?
How do you greet a Rastafarian who's out of work?
Why is my mom always right about everything?
What's the difference between Paul Walker and Windows 10?
Why did Hitler shoot himself?
Why did the rock star fail his depressing math exam?
How many mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb?
What is the Revenant about?
What is the difference between a pitbull and a Golden Retriever?
What's a blind deer's favorite dance move?
Why does Michael Scott hate Hamlet?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?
Where do cows go on movie night?
What do you call an early bird special double date at a black-Vietnamese fusion restaurant?
How do you know an r/jokes mod is a cyberman?
Why should you never high-five a Roman?
Where does the pussy grow?
What's R. Kelly's favorite movie about singing?
Where do South Africans buy their pastrami and salami?
What's angry most of the time and wants you to stick something hard in it?
Why do cannibals prefer to eat blind people?
Have you read GANDOLF'S new book about GENDER identity?
What do you call a natural blonde who dies her hair?
Did you hear about the chickpeas who took a tumble?
What do bees say to psych themselves up at the start of their day?
What's the difference between someone who can mend your pants quick and a famous singer?
What do you call a learned spider?
Have you tried african food?
Can February March?
How do you confuse an idiot?
What's common between a crying baby and a gun?
Why don't hipsters shoot heroin?
How many hippies does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you get when you cross a sheep with a porcupine?
Why did the tortoise get arrested?
You know what my grandfather said right before he kicked the bucket?
Why do they call it a Wonderbra?
Why did the programmer quit his job?
What do you call someone who tops Darth Vader during sex?
Why doesn't Ed have a girlfriend?
Why couldn't Bach be a rapper?
What do call it when actor Charles Dance tries to flirt?
What do you call a girl on her period?
What do you call a black man on the moon?
What is black and doesn't work?
How do you cook toilet paper?
What did the pirate say when he spotted a stranded fat chick?
You know that awesome feeling when you finally understand a word problem in math class?
Why do brothels support Hillary?
(from my 8 year old) What do you call a Mexican chicken giving directions?
What type of bean results in premature death?
What's a procrastinator's favorite movie?
What's the difference between a golf ball and a woman's G-Spot?
What can you find on neckbeard bread?
why man thinks cows are stupid?
What type of gun is used by a pig that is good with the ladies?
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman?
Why didn't the guitarist get laid?
What title do a sandwich and an occupation in the porn industry share?
What do you call a Mexican child molester?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Did you hear about the Lord Of The Rings and Taxi Driver fanatic who had a bit of a stutter?
Why did Sarah fall off the swings?
Why does Leonardo DiCaprio love his fast car?
What's the difference between a lobster with big boobs and a dirty bus stop?
What do Hillary supporters call their room mate?
What language does a flight attendant speak?
Why did the farmer get an award?
Why can't Abraham Lincoln be convicted for murder?
What did the elephant say to the naked man?
Do you know how many feminists it takes to change a light bulb?
What's the difference between an 8-ball and a baby?
What's the difference between an spam and a personal attack?
What does dog poo and women have in common ?
Ever have one of those dreams where you're falling and you wake up when you hit the ground?
What do you call someone who keeps trying to catch your interest even though you already said you're not interested several times?
What do you call a veterinarian that can only work on one animal?
What does an elderly composer use as a walking aide?
What's a three letter word for Hell?
Why did Leonardo DiCaprio laugh at the Oscar joke?
Which is the most powerful colour?
How can Donald Trump avoid impeachment?
What do you call a weirdo slowly driving a jeep past an elementary school?
Did you hear about that new black hole?
What do you call a graduated spider?
How are dumb blondes like peanut butter?
What do you call a black person flying a plane?
Why does coffee have such a bad reputation?
What did one sunbathing pig say to another?
What is E.T short for?
How does a mathematician solve constipation?
What to you call a russian with 3 Bollocks?
Why is divorce so expensive?
Why do people browse reddit on the toilet?
What is a good opening bridge bid for the Presidential Election?
Hey baby, did you fall from Heaven?
What did a skinny person tell a fat person?
What do you call a guy who wears two condoms?
What stopped winter for coming?
What's the best thing about blowjob?
Why do farts smell so bad?
What you call a responsible porn star?
Why does a cow have hooves but not feet?
Are you dylsexic?
What was Captain Picard's favorite kind of train?
What's the worst part about swim-up bars?
Why did the two most senior nuns in the convent break up a German terror plot to steal millions in bearer bonds?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea?
How does the author of harry potter descend a mountain?
What do you call a redneck virgin?
What do you call a happy prosecutor?
What do you call transgender Hershey's chocolate?
How did Al Gore invent the Internet?
What will Kayne West's political leaning be if he runs for President?
Do you know why Turkey couldn't see the solar eclipse?
What do near-sighted gynecologists and little puppies have in common?
Did you hear about the secret cure for everything that the government doesn't want us to know about?
Did you hear about the man who killed 47 donkeys?
What's the difference between a garden hose and a the male prostate?
Did you hear about the guy that ran the erectile dysfunction support group?
How do you get Mexicans out of your house?
How many Republicans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What is similar between gas and water?
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a Twinkie?
Why can't you insult Jewish people?
What is it called when foreign girls spread their legs?
Why couldn't the pornstar join the navy?
What do you call a sleepwalking nun?
What did the terrorist's ghost say?
How many Super Saiyans does it take to change a light bulb?
How do you know princess diana had dandruff?
What's green and smells like pork?
What does Peter Parker wish he would have went to school for?
How do you get a Jewish girls number?
How can working with cow hide help on a first date?
What has 2 legs and bleeds a lot?
Where do you find a kid with no legs?
I heard a funny dad joke the other day. What color is a boomerang that never comes back?
You know the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer?
How do you seduce a fat woman?
Trump and Clinton fall off of a cliff at the exact same time. Who wins?
Whats the difference between Paul Walker and Tiger Woods?
What is the best way for a pet shop to get business?
What do you get when you throw a dead baby off a cliff?
Where did Cookie Monster develop PTSD?
What is the name of the charity organization that kills 90% of all of its "rescues"?
Why can't Elvis Presley roll backwards with his car?
What did the girl with no arms get for Christmas?
What did the surgeon tell Michael Jackson before he changed his skin colour?
Why are elevator jokes so funny?
What happens to fitbit when a fatty wears it?
What's the difference between Politicians and Thieves?
Why did Hitler take suicide?
What is the scariest part of a cavity search?
What Will Come After Fuller House?
What do you call a communist hip hop dancer?
What's an advantage of being Swiss?
Why are blacks so tall?
How do you get an Aussie to climb up on the roof?
What did the Terminator say when he was invited to a music themed fancy dress party?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
Wanna know what makes me smile?
What is a rapper's favorite Email?
you know what makes a joke funny?
Why are black people so tall?
Did you hear about the midget fortune-teller who escaped from jail?
How do you make a Chihauhau cross?
How do you kill a fox?
Why is hockey a girls sport?
What do you call a fat psychic ?
What were the protestors outside Erin Andrew's court house shouting today?
Why did the man steal mushrooms from the store?
What do you call it when a dog craps on your rug?
Why did the baker have brown hands?
What did the cat say to the human after being hit with a baseball bat?
How can you tell when the Mexicans have moved into your neighborhood?
How many donald trumps does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do Chick-O-Sticks and armadillos have in common?
What sort of transport does a sheep use?
how many African Americans "by way of slave ships" does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many 9 year olds does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do a woman with a tiny butt and a mother donkey have in common?
Why doesn't Jesus play hockey?
Why is Jeopardy the #1 show in the U.S.?
What are the five white things on a nigger?
What do you call a fat pirate?
If animals took over the world, what would be they're first decree?
Don't you hate those people who are obsessed with tracking their steps?
Why was Jesus not Mexican?
Did you hear about the guy who kept fucking cheerios?
Why are blonde jokes so short?
Why can't't Donald Trump's staff satisfy his female customers?
Why did a hungry African man crossed the road?
What do you call a burger made from 50% beef and 50% veal?
What did the Chinese man in an unhappy marriage say when he found out his wife faked her death?
What drink did Hitler absolutely hate the taste of?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
What did the RAM stick say to the politician?
What do you call the surgery when a woman gets a sex change?
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer?
Why did Robert Oppenheimer's wife go to the beach naked?
What's the similarity between Madeline Mccann and a submarine?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
Why was the Baker a part-time drug dealer?
If you could go back in time and kill any person for the good of the future, who would you kill?
What's the best part about getting head from an infant?
Which program do Jedis use to open PDF files?
How does batman store energy?
Where does the pirate put his ear ring?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil?
Why doesn't Donald trump travel in ships anymore..?
How do you tell the difference between a triathlete and biathlete?
Why doesn't Mexico have an Olympic team?
What does every clean nose have?
What is the difference between God and Donald Trump?
What is the definition of irony?
Why are orphans bad at baseball?
A soprano and a violinist fall off a cliff at the same time. Who does first?
What do you call a frog that's in the mood?
Why was the 1 year old Ethiopian boy crying?
You know what people really do when no one’s looking?
What did Ghandi say when he was in the toilet?
Why did Minotaur win an interior design award?
What's Brown & Rhymes With Snoop?
What do you call a snarky criminal going down a flight of stairs?
What is the world's fastest land animal?
What's the definition of innocence?
What's the best part about going in without a condom?
STUDENT: Sir, can I ask a question?
What do you get when you cross a Jamaican with a ginger?
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia?
You're a Jehova's Witness?
Why did Bruce Jenner become invisible?
Why do black people only have nightmares?
What's the difference between Vincent van Gogh and Evander Holyfield?
Difference between a three ring circus and a strip club?
Hillary Clinton lost last time to the first African American president, Barack Obama. Why will she lose this one to Donald Trump?
Why do some people like to date pessimists?
How do you organize a space party?
What do you call a wandering caveman?
Spanish class joke: What did the Spanish cannibals have for dinner?
*Hey sugar tits, wanna dance?
What do you call it when a black person has diarrhea?
What do you call someone you want to be stepped on by?
In INTERSTELLAR, why does Tom's voice get higher when he's older?
What's in Pandora's box?
What is the most popular kids show in the Middle East?
Why did the cowboy buy a Dachshund?
If Hilary Clinton is elected president, what title will they give Bill?
Why are pistachios called pistachios?
If Hillary Clinton and Donald Drumpf are in a boat and it capsizes. Who survives?
Why is Donald Trump a good candidate?
What do a $100 grill and a $100 girl have in common?
Ever have sex while camping?
Have you heard about the man born with five cocks?
What is the Blood Alcohol Concentration that makes most people avoid main roads?
What's the worst part about vaping?
Did you hear about the epileptic Roman?
What does Harry Potter say when he wants a cigarette?
What does Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have in common?
What do you call olive oil that is really outgoing?
Why are fish so educated?
Why are they called Tuna Fish?
Wanna know why donald trump considers my penis a muslim?
How do you know which pepper in the garden is the nosiest?
How many people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a bodybuilder that can't sing?
How can you tell if a fencer is a redditor?
If you set sail from Los Angeles, CA to Barrow, AK, what would your bering be?
What is a hipster russian roulette?
What's the difference between a bull and an orchestra?
What's great about Trumps' little hands?
What was Han Solo's reaction to being taken to the carbon-freezing chamber?
How many chauvinistic male pigs does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many feminists does it take to screw a lightbulb?
Did you read about the skeleton trapped in the freezer?
How's the oil industry doing these days?
What did Ava Braun say to Adolf Hitler?
Why is it a bad idea to date a girl from the leper colony ?
What did the fancy cat say when he wanted to leave?
What happened to the Asian guy who walked into a wall with a boner?
Hey baby do you build portable wienerschnitzels?
What do you call an acid trip so hard that it gives you visions of the future?
Who took my username?
What do male lawyers call a female barrister?
How long is a Chinaman?
How will Donald Trump decide which ones to deport from millions illegal immigrants?
Who's your daddy?
What did the colours red and violet say to one another when they couldn't agree in their debate?
What do you call a really pompous person with high blood pressure?
What does "Maginot" mean?
How do skeletons reproduce?
What do an Iraqi baby, an American president, and a homesick Brit visiting Jerusalem all want?
What's a pirate's favorite video game?
Why did the liberal go to the gynecologist?
How many white people does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What did Yoda say when he watched Star Wars on Blu-Ray?
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion?
Why do scuba divers fall backwards off of the boat?
Where do idiots go on holiday?
What's the difference between a 4WD and a rental car?
What do you get when you cross a vegetable with a pronoun?
What did one volcano call the other volcano?
What's the difference between feminism and a $100 bill?
What's Bill Clintons favorite holiday?
What did the manager say to his new Chinese intern?
Where did the kid with adhd go?
Did you guys hear about Freddie Mercury's bedroom furniture store?
What happens if Trump wins the Presidency?
What does gay Fred Flinstone say when he's excited?
What does a leper say to a prostitute?
Where does the USB key come from?
What do skinny jeans and cheap hotels have in common?
What do you call a video game about a boy who falls to an underground world of monsters that people originally felt hostile toward, but eventually warmed up to it?
What does having kids bring you that money simply can't buy?
What's Ted Cruz's favorite food?
What's so ironic about disabled toilets?
What does Trump have to do to win the election?
What do Mexican people call really upbeat TV shows?
What do you call it when you can't decide between a natural birth and the hospital?
What happens when clowns get divorced?
What's a mobster porn actress called?
Why should you never date a tennis player?
What is the difference between Hitler and a car?
What do you call a computer that can sing?
What is Donald Trump telling Barack Obama supporters?
What is Hitler's favorite drink?
What do you call Trump and Hillary buried up to their necks in sand?
You know what grinds my gears?
Why was John Lennon so ashy?
I look fat. Can you give me a compliment?
Whats a sugar free drink's favorite abbreviation?
What's worse than finding a worm on your apple?
What do you call 6.9?
How can Donald Trump deport millions of illegal immigrants?
Why did the /r/jokes subscriber cross the road?
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 12 million illegal immigrants?
Why did the elephant bring toilet paper to the party?
If Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump are falling off the edge of a cliff and you can only reach out to save one of them, what kind of sandwich do you make?
What do you call a gangster who is really in touch with his emotions?
Does anyone know how much a blimp is worth?
Do you know what would make this sub better?
What do you call it when Superman craps his pants?
What is worse than a carrot that smells like a snow women?
What do you call a snobby criminal going downstairs?
If Hillary debates Trump for 24 hours, what won't you hear?
Why would an upright vacuum cleaner with no wheels make a better President than Hillary Clinton?
Why couldn't the Indian baker find another job in his city after he quit his job?
What did the tranny say to their surgeon ?
What is the definition of suspicion?
Are we sure Trump isn't a Democrat...?
What's Hillary Clinton's favorite musical?
What's the Russian word for water?
Did you know that West Virginia's state sport is sex?
What do Little Miss Muffet and ISIS have in common?
Do you know the between a garbanzo and a chick pea?
What did the Ethiopian Government say when the United States sent over 1 million condoms to promote safe sex?
If Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are in a boat and it capsizes. Who survives?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
What do you call a group of Jewish redheads?
Why was the pun so offensive?
What did the policeman say to the jumper?
What is the only way to stop Donald Trump?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
What is DJ Khaled's favorite number?
DJ Khaled is a priest in mexico. What does he say at baptism?
What's the difference between a Toronto Maple Leafs fan and a 14-year old girl?
What do you call one billion facebook users piled on top of each other?
How do you call a 100 m race between siamese twins?
How did Vladimir Lenin originally get into power?
Who's killed more natives than General Custer?
Why didn't Donald Trump want to play Marco Polo?
What weighs 2 lbs and is full of shit?
What does someone have when he can tell you how many guys are in a crowd?
Why doesn't Japan have elections?
Why don't elephants smoke?
Ever hear about the box that was coming down with something?
What do you call a hydrocarbon that tells fart jokes?
What disorder will Spiderman get as he ages?
What do you say when your lesbian daughter brings home her girlfriend?
What did the Pirate say when he turned 80?
What did the leper tell the prostitute?
What do you call it when someone gets hit by a bus on his way to pay off his student loans?
Osama Bin Laden, Josef Stalin and Hitler are robbing a bank, who do the cops shoot first?
What do you call souvenirs from the last battle of the Napoleonic wars?
What do you call a Japanese suicide bomber?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
What's a Pirate's favorite letter?
Why couldn't the scientist find salt for his breakfast?
Why Eiffel Tower is so high?
Where did Donald Trump go for dinner last night?
What do whales do on dates?
What's the tallest building in your city?
Why did the DJ have such small hands?
How did Hitler originally get into power?
What does a nosey pepper do?
What do you call a dinosaur that hates punchlines?
What were the last words of king Laius?
Why can’t a bike stand on its own?
Honest question - what's with the reposted jokes?
Student: Can I go to the bathroom?
Why can't dwarfs sing?
What's the best part about sex with a transvestite?
Did you hear about the water thief-turned-photographer?
What was Hitlers favorite letter?
What's a pirates favorite letter?
How do you make a hormone?
What's the difference between a pizza and a pizza joke?
What's blue and smells like red paint?
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton run for president. Who loses?
What's Kayne West's least favorite letter?
What's one advantage of electing a woman president of the United States?
How does Donald Drumpf change a lightbulb?
Did you hear about the article in Psychology Today about disproving the existence of Observation Bias?
Did you hear about the insomniac, agnostic, dyslexic man?
What drug did the mathematician do?
Why do gypsies suck at basketball?
What mathematical operation is used to calculate the rate at which lumberjacks cut wood?
Poe, is your baby hungry?
What do you call all Republicans that aren't racist, sexist or homophobic?
Why did the bachelors purchase double amputee strippers for their party?
Why couldn't the infant insect without toes drink milk?
How does Ice-Cube drink his milk?
What keyboard shortcut do the elderly have the most trouble with?
What do you find inside a clean nose?
Want a slutty costume?
How is Trump vs. Clinton like Godzilla vs. Mothra?
Do you know what they say about the guy that invented life savers?
Why does Tom Cruise like Scientology?
Know what stops the Bern?
How Many Jews Does It Take To Open A Door?
What game do French schoolchildren like to play?
What happens when redditors die?
Why is Donald Trump still running for president?
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb ?
What do you call a Cult that is hard to get into?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
What did the Chinese guy think about assisted suicide?
What do you call a jerk in the space program?
What is the similarity between a tornado and a divorce in the south?
Why did Bowie die?
How does one think the unthinkable?
What's a spice with explosive flavor?
Why do women have shorter feet?
What do you eat when you cross a cannibal and a vegan?
What is the clinical name of the surgical procedure performed on a transsexual woman transitioning into a man?
What do you call someone that goes down on both genders?
What is Donald Trump's favorite nation?
What do you call a German barber?
How can you ask a Mexican if their zodiac sign is leo?
What's the difference between Superman and Super Delegate?
Why is Edward still in Russia?
What is a tragedy?
Husband: Honey why are there broken condoms on the couch?
What's black, white and red all over?
Did you hear about the pessimist who hates sausage?
what's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
What Do You Call A Mexican From The Caribbean?
What is very big, gray, and just doesn't matter?
Do you know why Morgan Freeman's name is Morgan Freeman?
What do you call a boner you don't want?
What looks like red paint but is dry?
is she right or wrong?
What do vegetarians masturbate to?
How did realism get me banned from Facebook?
How do you tell a Communist joke?
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts?
What do you call it when a Spanish man goes to court for custody of his children?
What do you call a polygon on viagra?
Why can't Buddhists vacuum in corners?
How much wood does a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck chuck could chuck wood?
Why couldn't the potato get off the couch?
What goes faster from 100 to 0, an asteroid hitting the Earth or this thread's upvote %?
How is my guitar skill?
Do you know the problem with ordering duck?
What do you call a zombie musician?
What do you call the statistics for the total amount of waste produced by the US this year?
What do you call a sad state?
Why do people prefer shooting stars to vegetables?
Why Does Donald Trump Oppose Single Payer?
What do you call an arithmetic major who murders moms to pay off his student loans?
What is the biggest gender on Tumblr?
What kind of bear is best?
Which is the month in which women talk the least?
Why did Germans in Nazi Germany say "Heil Hitler"?
What did the mama frog say to the baby frog when they left for a party?
Why is Antarctica controversial?
Why are thieves the best actors?
Why do the Japanese have squinty eyes?
What is a soup-lover's favorite sport?
Where do African cannibals get their food from?
Why did the Greenlander get so angry when he didn't win the lottery?
How can you tell if a carpenter is happy?
Did you guy's hear about that peanut in Baltimore?
Whats the difference between illegal and unlawful?
What does Jeb Bush have in common with a threesome?
Why did Leonardo Di Caprio laugh at the Oscar joke?
Why is Donald Trump like a Gibbering Mouther from DnD?
What do you call a fish that performs brain surgeries?
Why did Leonardo Take forever to laugh at my Oscars joke?
How many Seths does it take to rejigger a malflanòse?
How do you make a lemon orgasm?
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How do you know the toothbrush was made in France?
Why did Leonardo DiCaprio laugh at the Oscar joke?
How do you make an archaeologist blush?
Who ships Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio the most?
I've only heard the setup for this joke, anybody know the rest?
What stops rape every time?
What rating do pirate movies always get?
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a light bulb?
What does Jeb Bush have in common with a threesome?
What is Donald Trump telling Barack Obama supporters?
What do is the difference between acne and a pedophile?
What do you call a building that falls in love with its architect?
What did man create that inevitably destroyed man itself?
What do a thong and Donald Trump's toupee have in common?
What's the difference between Pizza and Jews during the Holocaust?
What did the Mexican fire chief name his two sons?
What is Anon's favorite coding language?
Can a woman make a man a millionaire?
Why will Donald Trump never have an amputation?
How do you make a hormone?
What kind of girl gets away with being five years old and having sex with 20 guys?
What do you call a homosexual on rollerskates?
What is a Jewish person's favorite job?
Why is your optometrist gay?
What's the difference between a pizza and a pizza joke?
What do you say to piss off a british farmer?
How do you describe Neapolitan ice cream to someone?
Why do Jamaican philosophers shit together?
What do Monica Lewinsky and a vending machine have in common?
Should English be the only official language of the EU?
Whats a tacticians favorite cut of meat?
Why does Hillary Clinton not give good blowjobs?
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb?
What's Super Mario's favorite type of jeans?
What should you do if you come across an elephant in the jungle?
When's the best time to come out of the closet?
What does Donald Trump say after sex?
What do you call a pan-sexual man named Nick who works at a CD store?
What do you call a black jew?
When does Hillary Clinton have sex with Bill?
What do they say for jokes about German sausages?
Why rivers are never viewed on dvd or video cassette?
Do you know the most popular place in town?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an irishman?
How do you ask an Uber driver if he drives for Lyft, too?
What's your number?
Where did the Grim Reaper find his missing keys?
When the animal kingdom had a poker party who didn't they invite?
Did you guys hear about the movie called Constipation?
What's your number?
What does Bill say to Hillary after sex?
What do you call racist jokes that are made about black people?
How do you know when it's NotTheOnion?
How do you know your roommate is gay?
Why does Bernie Sanders write in lowercase letters?
What happened to the the Pentagon after the plane crash in 9/11?
What's the difference between an accident and a catastrophe?
What's it called when you're using Tinder on the toilet?
What does a priest and a christmas tree have in common?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
What do you call the space between a Mormon's butthole and balls?
What does a fedora guy say on the Singapore border?
Did you hear about the Mexican painter who lost two fingers?
Who get's the best grades?
What's the name of Tyler The Creator's dad?
Why did the blonde freeze a pot of boiling water?
What did the human torch say before he cooked the beef?
Why aren't there any British Communists?
What was the most popular TV show in Ancient Rome and Germany in early AD?
What was Snoop Dogg's ghost arrested for?
How do you say the name Ray in Jamaican?
What bait do you use to catch a space fish?
What's Spider-Mans favorite online music app?
How do you stop Carlos Santana from molesting your children?
What's a transgender's fabourite pokemon?
Knock knock. Who's there?
Did you hear about the guy who had his whole left side cut off?
Why are there no white chinese people?
Why can not Stevie Wonder read?
What's the saddest sea-creature?
What's hard, long and has cum in it?
What do fish talk about at work?
What does Ryan Seacrest say while having sex?
What kind of doctors do elephants become?
Why didn't Hellen Keller learn to lip-read?
What's the difference between premature ejaculation and hide-and-seek?
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy?
What do you call a badly cooked beef?
What do "Damn Daniel" and pedophiles have in common?
Didn't Snoop Dogg change his name?
Why did Chris Christie endorse Donald Trump?
What do you call a fire pokemon mixed with Donald Trump ?
A boy asks his dad, “What’s the difference between potential and realistic?
What's the worst kind of media?
What foods are still good the second or third time you've eaten them?
Where's the school for the blind?
What do punctuation marks win in competitions?
What's the difference between a cat and a comma?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
Have you heard about Bruce Willis' new movie in which he has to infiltrate a Nunnery?
What is more inappropriate than a 7 year old saying "I drink coffee"?
How many dead babies do you need to paint a wall?
What does a German call a party without Sausage and Cheese?
What is the difference between a Mechanical Engineer and a Civil Engineer?
What is a hairdresser's favorite herb?
Why is it so hard to find Thor's brother?
How does a coffee maker know it might be pregnant?
What do politicians do for fun?
What did 0 say to 8?
Did you here Whitey Bulger was put in solitary confinement because he was caught masterbating in his cell?
What gets larger every time I see my Girlfriend?
What's Kylo Ren's Favorite Order of Chemical Reaction?
You know what the difference between "Pay to Win" and "Play to Win" is?
What are crusty girlfriends good for?
Why are men smarter during sex?
Would you rather have parkinsons or alzheimers?
Why didn't DiCaprio laugh at Oscar joke?
What do you get if you chop off Trump's hand?
Why didn't the Soviet Union send Cosmonauts to the Moon?
What's the difference between a peeping tom and a pickpocket?
Q: How do convicts get drugs while they're in prison?
What do you call a midget psychic that's on the run from the law?
How is a cock listening to live rock music?
What is Martin Luther King's least favorite Christmas song?
Did you hear the news about the collision between two black holes?
What's the hardest thing about being an audiophile?
Why should you not tell jokes to sand paper?
Why was there so much chaos at the sperm bank?
Why do white girls always travel in odd numbers?
How do you compliment a girl with a cold sore?
What phrase do prostitutes and mafia members both say?
Why do women wear panties with flowers on them?
Why don't women drink beer at the beach?
Why didn't Gordon Ramsay like the Girl Scout cream pies?
What do your call a fish who starts a drug empire?
What's the worst thing about breaking up with a Japanese girl?
Men, what's worse than Satan himself?
What do you call jeans that haven't been worn before?
What did one tampon say to the other?
Why are all castles disabled?
What do call the two midgets who ran an impound lot?
What makes Kirby a great all-around fighter?
What do Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton have in common?
Why did the student fail the exam?
What do you call a jungle where animals talk about current events?
What do you call an asian golddigger?
What's the difference between me and a pile of bricks?
So Hilary, what are your plans for economic development and beating ISIS if you ever win the election?
Baby are you an iphone encryption?
Where do dock workers like to shop?
Which is the most common font i Mexico?
Why did the bicycle fall over?
What do a cue ball and a mexican have in common?
What type of dog suffers from being inbred?
How do you make the Reddit front page?
What did the ISIS fighter say when he went to bomb the Hawaiian cafe?
What's for food today?
What do you get when you crossbreed a negro with an octopus?
How do you know when your sister is on her period?
Why did Vader deceive everyone about his love affair with the Emperor?
Why do Jews hate soda?
How do you annoy a redditor?
How did the gay got hooked by a ladyboy?
How do you annoy a Reddittor?
How do you annoy a Reddittor?
How do you annoy a Reddittor?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What do you call it when a hobbit lives in the ghetto?
How to make money on youtube?
Why are there no Walmarts in Iran?
Why do scuba divers always jump backwards off the boat?
What's the difference?
What kind of degree do you inherit through marriage?
What do you call a muslim body builder?
Why was Muhammad's dad always successful in business?
What kind of bees get you high?
Did anyone else catch that TEDx talk with the mentally disabled guy?
What do you get when you cross a pickle with a deer?
Why did the cell phone need glasses?
Why did the Mexican train driver kill all of his passengers?
What is the KKK's favorite dessert?
What tense do Italians speak in?
Did you hear about the Italian playwright ?
Didn't I???
How do you know when your roommate is gay?
What did the lazy slut do?
What do you call a speech so scary it makes you crap your pants?
Why is there no aspirin in the jungle?
What is Kylo Ren's favorite beverage?
What do statistician's eat for lunch?
What do you call a gay fascist leader?
What's the difference between light and hard?
What do graphic designers smoke up to get high?
Question- what's the worst possible poster you can hang in an STD testing clinic?
Did you hear that they're producing an action movie about a team of crime-fighting composers?
Whats similar with a Dick and a Rubik Cube?
Are instant noodles male or female?
A: You look nice today, is that a new shirt and haircut?
Why does Pinocchio lie?
I just don't understand kids. My kid says he wants to play heavy metal. So why's he so mad at me?
Why did the programmer quit his job?
Whats the difference between driving and getting a blowjob?
Why don't Brazilians wear condoms?
Why did princess Diana cross the street?
What's the difference between a chocolate bar, and a cop?
What did the bird say after its cage fell apart?
Did you know that NASA sent a bunch of cows into orbit?
What's better than having a garbanzo bean on your face?
What do you call a Jewish stoner with Downs Syndrome?
Did you hear the one about the man who was run over by a Nissan?
Did you hear about the obese millionaire?
Did you hear One Direction is breaking up?
How do you make a small fortune in the movie industry?
Why are white people racist against black people?
Wanna hear a joke?
What do you call a masturbating cow?
What is Jesus' favorite video game on earth?
Why can't white people hit the whip?
What car does Jesus drive?
How do you titillate an ocelot?
Why is a banana the most attractive fruit?
What's the worst part about being a pedophile?
What happened when Steve Irwin forgot to put on sunscreen?
Who wears a red suit and knows if you were naughty or nice?
What's the difference between a woman and a laundry machine?
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple?
What does the grim reaper and a pedophile have in common?
What's the difference between a thug and a phone charger?
What do scientists wear?
What should we name this ancient Japanese throwing knife?
What do you get when you mix a bulldog and a shih tzu?
Why did the miner feel so low?
Did you hear about the little Mexican fish who became a great actor?
What is the best things about the a 90 year old's tits?
Ever heard of a 6.9?
Why isn't John Oliver having sultanas in his fruitcake?
What's the difference between a lentil and a chick pea?
What do you call an empty jar of Cheez Whiz?
What does an academic call masturbation?
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday?
How is a hipster like a pedophile?
What is the one thing you can't say even on the internet?
What do you call an angry, seafaring mathematician?
What do xbox services and prostitutes have in common?
Where do criminals like to eat?
What do you name a deaf dog?
What's the difference between USA and USB?
Why aren't there many jokes about the Jim Jones massacre?
Who invented the North America?
You know what I like about high school girls?
How many babies does it take to stop a puck?
What do Steve Harvey and a dentist have in common?
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and the American people?
What do Kim Kardashian, and my girlfriend have in common?
What do you call a Chinese baby in the oven?
What did the seahorse say to the fat man?
What's a frat boy's favorite toy company?
Why was the Amish girl kicked out of her community?
Why couldn't Mark think of a dad joke?
Did you hear the doctor's excuse when he botched the circumcision?
Why doesn't Kanye West take his wife to the beach?
Why is Christopher Walken so tired?
What's the useless skin around the vagina called?
Why Didn't The Skeleton Go To The Party?
What do you call it when a bunch of geeks get together and spew hot air at each other about their favorite fandoms, arguing about whose is better, which publisher has the best stories, etc?
What happened to Donald Trump when he visited Switzerland?
How do you know there's a Bernie Sanders fan at your door?
What does a Mermaid bring to math class?
How does Steven Hawking refresh after a long work day?
How do you make a Bloody Nicole?
How do you ruin a joke?
(Dirty!) Why was the guitar teacher arrested?
What is Bill Cosby's favorite flavor of ice cream?
What Would Darth Hitler Say to His Son?
How do you pay for incense?
Damn Girl Do You Work At Subway?
Have you ever had Ethiopian food?
Why was the poker game at the zoo cancelled?
How do you trap a polar bear?
Knock knock. Who's there? Dishes. Dishes who?
What are 3 things a black man can't get?
Why is the robot good at one night stands?
What's the problem with leptokurtic data sets?
What's the best fabric Softener to use on a cat?
What's a greater Pressure, the impact of Earth hitting the sun, the impact of Earth hitting the moon, or Republican demands for Carson and Kasich to drop out?
What is politics?
Why did the Chili Pepper cross the road?
You know what the definition of "competitive" is?
What did the Japanese chef say when his mother died?
Wanna hear a joke?
Why do Mexicans eat so many beans?
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and Jeb Bush?
What's the best part of growing up in Compton?
Why do rabbits prefer IPA's over other kinds of beers?
What is a cannibal's favorite fruit?
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball?
Why is Peter Pan always flying?
Yo girl, are you a zero APR loan?
Did you hear about the guy who got fired from the calendar factory?
What do you get when you combine Helium, Yttrium, Selenium, and Xenon?
Why do Eskimos have wide noses?
What is wrong with the number 6.9?
What type of sushi does Bob Seger like?
What's the difference between a lawyer and a catfish?
What do you call it when two bottles of lotion start dating?
why don't foot fetishists ever win anything?
Yesterday I saw a guy spill all his Scrabble letters on the road. I asked him, What's the word on the street?
What's the hardest thing about skydiving?
Do you know why there's no Apple wireless charger?
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
What's green and red, and goes round and round?
What's black and sits in the back of a cop car?
What do you give a paedophile who has everything?
What’s the difference between news of the US elections and Madeleine McCann?
What's the difference between pink and purple?
Why so many conservative white Americans voted Obama?
Why did Gigi leave the party angrily?
What's the difference between Kanye West, an American College student, and a homeless man?
What is a virgin's least favorite fruit?
Ever heard of Black Jesus?
Why did Hannibal Lecter try DiGiorno's Pizza?
Did you know those round bales of hay you still see in fields were outlawed?
Why did Trump run in Us instead of Canada?
What do you call a Jawa's favourite magician?
Why are black people fast runners?
Why did Gandalf have to go to the hospital to get a splinter removed?
Pro is the opposite of con right?
What is Australian cuisine called?
How do you circumcise a whale?
What did the bra say to the hat?
What do you call a sour black man?
What's black and white and red all over?
Why'd the semen cross the road?
Where are all of the creative Calculus jokes?
Why does Mario never parks his kart near the Koopalings Castles?
Why are nuns like a brand new TV?
What do you call a broken can opener?
Have you heard the latest joke about physicists?
Why was the ink happy?
Why do Jews get circumcised ?
How does a Chinese man start a religious video?
Why do cannibal children go to the hospital?
T NOW! what do we want?
Did you hear about that synthetic type of weed they made using dog hair?
I just read a letter from my future self detailing what cheeses I'm going to eat over the next thirty years and whether I'll like them. But what if I only like them because the letter says I should?
Why did the trumpet player cross the road?
What did the blind man say when he walked by the fish market?
What is the worst thing about Ancient History Class?
How many optometrists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why did the elephant cross the road?
Where do Zika babies come from?
Why did the blind man use chopsticks?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why did so many people support the colonist protest of tea?
How did Mr Cheese paint his wife?
What's funnier than a one liner?
What did the grilled Seabass say at the Nuremberg trials?
How do you find a blind man on a nudist beach?
What sound did the slot machine make when the Chinese person won the jackpot?
What do you call a Persian lesbian?
How does a feminist screw in a light bulb?
What's common between Hillary and Bill Clinton?
What are the options?
Why your oven doesn't attend an university?
What's the last thing you want to hear while using a urinal?
What's the difference between your job and a dead hooker?
What do you call a chicken with lettuce in its eyes?
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs?
Why did Jeb Bush cross the road?
What word in the dictionary is spelled incorrectly?
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call someone who smokes two joints?
Why did cavemen pull their women around by their hair?
Why did the pentagon change it's name to the square?
What do you do with a no-legged greyhound?
What do you call a human that's now a cactus?
What language do bugs in the Middle East speak?
What is a police officer's least favorite dessert?
Do you know how Canada got its name?
What online payment service does the Pope use?
What's worse than a centipede with sore feet?
Why are most runners single?
What do you call a car made out of Canadian money?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
What vocal art did the mountain climber from Dagobah practice?
Which trigonometric fatio is obsessed with the pokemon Suicune?
Daddy, did you ever eat cat food when you were little?
What's the best thing about elevator jokes?
What's the best thing to do when someone close to you dies?
What's the worst thing about getting bitten by a poisonous spider?
What do you call someone with no shins?
Why dont they use phone books in China?
What's another name for a supernova?
Why don't people drink pig's milk?
What do you call a snobby thief running down your stairs?
What do you call a dehydrated French man?
Who is Soulja Boy's favorite person ever?
What's clear and smells like red paint?
How do French girls hold their liquor?
Which body organ works out the most when masturbating?
What do you call a thief running down your stairs?
Why did the Jedi cross the road?
What sort file do you you need to turn a 1.5 inch hole into a 4.5 inch one?
There's a man walking a tight rope. 100ft below him there's a man getting a blowjob from an 80 year old woman. What are they both thinking?
What did the man who ate a clock say?
Do you that thing about German people?
What's Green and Smells like Pork?
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs?
What does SAG-AFTRA call a low-budget foreign production?
What did the zero say to the eight?
Why did the asian man get arrested for stealing a Buick sedan?
What's the difference between necrophilia and a pizza?
What is the difference between a battery and a woman?
What does a slave owner do with his slaves when he's finished with them?
What's the difference between jam and marmalade?
What's the difference between a bmw driver and a porcupine?
What do you call a Nun in a wheelchair?
Headmaster: I've had complaints about you, Johnny, from all your teachers. What have you been doing?
What do you call a cow that can't produce milk?
How do you get a retard to leave you alone?
What did the pastor say when his blanket rose up from his bed?
What's orange and sounds like a parrot?
Why couldn't Marco Rubio register on a web forum?
What do you call it when someone shoots a group of fish in a barrel?
What did the terrorist say to the racist and the socialist?
What's Big?
What kind of meat can a priest eat on Friday?
What does Sarah Palin eat when she's high?
Do you know why latin is a dead language?
Why does Bono never get any mail?
What did the Mexican say when two houses fell on him?
What do you call a complaining adult?
What did the left pussy lip say to the right pussy lip?
What is a goat herder known as in the Middle East?
My Mexican friend told me this one. Whats an owl say?
How do you get a grad student off your porch?
There is a clerk at the butcher shop. He is 5'10" and wears size 13 sneakers. What does he weight?
what aftershave does James bond uses after retirement?
Who was the first full size sex doll?
How do you seat four gay men on a bar stool?
What's better than four roses on a piano?
What do you call a hooker that was shot by a sniper?
What do black men do after sex?
What would it take to reunite the Beatles?
You guys wanna hear something really corny?
What's long, hard, goes in a vagina, out of a vagina, and leaves a whore feeling good about herself?
What's the difference between a vegetable and a berry?
Does anyone know the Tom Jones Siamese twins joke, and could they explain it?
How do you pick up a black guy?
What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer?
Why shouldn't you burn scented candles inside of a Buddhist shrine?
How big are pedophiles shoes?
What do you call a dead asian?
What do dolphins like to listen to?
Why did the semen cross the road?
Why did Hitler need to get a new car?
What do you hear if you hold a kebap to your ear?
What is stephen Hawking's favorite food?
What's the best way to get a fat chick to have sex with you?
I'm a dad. Here's my joke: Why would Bart Simpson never go to a pub?
What's the atheist's view on God?
Why did Thor sit comfortably on a cactus?
What does a pirate's beard feel like?
What's a mole's favourite fruit?
What do whores and sailors have in common?
What is Hitlers favorite juice shop?
Why was the teacher arrested for writing in permanent marker?
What did the Jihadist say when he had explosive Diarrhea?
How do chemists poison each other?
What kind of vision does Fetty Wap have?
Why do Jews have blue penises?
Why do I love putting down kids without parents?
How do you get an emo out of a tree?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon?
Iced coffee?
What's the difference between a garbanzo and a chickpea?
Why did the man get kicked out of the "Russian" bar?
What did the homeless man get for christmas?
Why is B so cool?
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?
What is a horse's favorite condiment?
What do you call a party with no Filipino people?
Can you fly a black hawk?
Why do people with OCD like Family Feud?
Why did the chicken decide not to cross the road?
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
What's the difference between feminism and Islam?
Why does Trump want to build a great wall?
In World War 3, which country would retreat first?
Did you hear about the guy who accidentally took a ride on a dolphin?
How did Helen Keller break her arm?
What do you call a comic book hero that is constantly hooked on having sex with female superheroes?
What's the difference between someone falling from 21st floor and 1st floor?
What do you call a Hawaiian pizza with Jalapeños?
How many Germans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why does a blonde nurse carry around a red pen?
How do you know if a redditor gave money to Bernie Sanders?
What's the difference between a chic pea and a garbanzo bean?
How do you know when you are a drug addict?
Why was the Amish girl excommunicated?
What's one thing the Hulk would struggle tearing down?
Why didn't the life guard save the hippy?
What's long, dark, hard and grotesque but very satisfying to beat?
What does Bill Clinton say to Hilary after sex?
What do you call a homeless horse with a Borderline Personality Disorder ?
Did you hear about the construction worker that got arrested?
What do you tell someone who feels that life has shorted them from a purpose or calling?
What would you call the easter egg roll if Bernie Sanders became president?
What did the tampon say to the other tampon?
What did the skinny Cuban say to the fat American?
How many US Congress members does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the best part about living in Flint, Michigan?
Why was the scarecrow promoted?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How do you make holy water?
Why was Kylo Ren embarrassed at McDonald's?
Have you heard of the band 1023 Megabytes?
what do you call an animal that's neither a herbivore nor a carnivore??
What's orange and sounds like a parrot?
What came first the egg or the Chicken?
How many Ricks from TWD does it take to change a light bulb?
What's Michigan's favorite beer?
What do you call a rooster looking at a vegetable patch?
Why can't American engineers design linear actuators?
Why couldn't the physicists change the lightbulb?
Hey baby, are you an oven?
What do you call a Mexican who acts like a white person?
If evolution is real how come?
Do you now the first sign of HIV ?
Why are pizza makers always poor?
Why does Waldo wear stripes?
Whats the most dyslectic part of Asia?
[Computer Games] Enemy: Where have you learned aiming?
What do books wear on a rainy day?
What happens to a gay man every month?
Where do muslims go when they die?
Which beer did the flower drink that made it realize that it was smarter when it was young?
Have you ever had sex while camping?
Why would Donald Trump make a great addition to The Walking Dead?
Why hasn't there been a Mexican Disney Princess?
Why did God give women yeast infections?
How do you get a Jewish Girl's number?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea?
How do you get people to pirate an album?
What's worse than getting raped by Jack the Ripper?
Where do Muslims go after they die?
What do you tell someone who occupies space and has mass?
What do you call a pot head with down syndrome?
Why are drums a fire hazard?
Did you know that Princess Di had really bad dandruff?
Why did the mexican man throw his wife off a bridge?
What do you call an old man's hard on?
What do you call spaghetti pretending to be rigatoni?
What do you call an annoying black person?
What's the difference between snowmen and snowwomen?
How is a chronic disease unlike the 9th Doctor, but like the 10th Doctor?
Do you remember what the picture on your pass looks like?
Is it common?
Why do dyslexics drink tea when having a heated argument?
How do you bury a Jew?
What form of humor do Dentists find most offensive?
What is the Great Gatsby's favorite superhero?
Why did they not allow farmers in Greece?
What do Pink Floyd fans and NASCAR driver Kyle Larson have in common?
What's the best thing to say if a pizzaman does an AMA?
What does every funeral begin with?
How did the Linux admin commit assault?
Why was the programer killed by a snake?
How often do you use algebra?
What song does Freddy Krueger listen to when he gets a manicure?
What do you call a lost Asian man?
What do you call it when Batman skips church?
Why did my friend get a screw in her pizza?
Whats the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts?
Which Mary is it?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea?
How do Chinese name their kids?
Why aren't the Williams sisters competing against Michael Phelps?
What do you call a mean general?
What's invisible and smells like carrots?
So I need you guys' idea for jokes?
Why did the train driver crash his train off the bridge?
Why did the chair suck at poker?
Why did the vulture cross the road?
What did one plate say to the other?
What did the buffalo said to its bisexual son?
What's the difference between Bill Cosby and a Snickers Bar?
Why did Princess Diana cross the road?
What's the difference between date rape and necrophilia?
Why are there no feminists in Japan?
Why did the man name his daughter Candy?
What's the most unfortunately named place in the world?
How does Geppetto exact his revenge on Monstro the Whale?
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
Did you hear the one about the peanut who rode the subway?
What did Sushie A say to Sushi B?
What do you call a deer with one good eye?
What's Gordon Ramsey's favourite movie?
Why do honest ducks dip their heads under the water?
You want to know what's ironic?
What's the difference between you and me?
What do you call Batman when he ditches church?
What do you call it when the bull impales the bullfighter?
Which computer sings the best?
What does a chef and a gravitational wave astronomer have in common?
Have you seen the movie constipated?
What came first, the chicken or the egg?
Where's the best place to go if you want a little head?
What is the stinkiest number in Ireland?
[OLDIE BUT GOODIE] What did the five fingers say to the face?
What do you call that feeling when the bus finally arrives?
Why can't midgets be accountants?
Hell or heaven?
What's Chris Brown's favourite time of day?
What's pink and retarded?
What do you call a chicken looking at a bowl of lettuce?
Why was the web server down?
What did the deers tell their newly appointed minister, when they had to remind him of their ritual of having sex as soon as being appointed as one?
Who will Donald Trump blame when he loses the presidential bid?
Did you hear about the guy who got his whole left side cut off?
How do you protect yourself from ghosts?
What's the one thing missing from the offensive jokes on r/jokes?
What is Adam Johnson's favourite kill streak?
Did you hear about the magician who became a farmer?
Cringe-Worthy St. Valentine's Joke: Which candy is never on time?
Why Donald Trump doesn't ask money from people?
What are the loneliest elements?
what is 40 feet long and only has 3 teeth?
How come the dog never finished his game?
What do you call a deaf gynecologist?
How do you piss off r/jokes?
Who the biggest Loser of them all?
What do you call a con artist panda?
Where does the General keep his armies?
What did the egg say to the pot of boiling water?
What did the sprinter with diarrhea do during the race?
what do you call two crows on a branch?
What do you get if you run in front of a car?
What do you call a racist grandmother?
What do you call a stereotypical flan?
What is a dilemma ?
Want to here a joke?
Why aren't there any Wal-Marts in the middle east?
Why are redneck murder cases the hardest to solve?
How did the failing Heroes of the Storm player apologize to their teammate?
What did the cryogenically frozen moviegoer say when a power surge caused the Pixar film they were watching to stop rolling at its most climactic moment, thereby somehow also causing their storage tank to begin losing stasis?
Guess who's addicted to pussy?
Why did the oil covered seagull get sued?
Where did the general keep his armies?
Where did Adolf Hitler hide his armies?
Why didn't Johnny go to the 7 A.M. funeral?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a bush?
What do you call a Korean with a dog?
What is a casino dealer's worst nightmare?
What's the slowest vehicle on the road?
What's the difference between a Jew and a truck?
What is the difference between outlaws and inlaws?
Did you hear the one about the asshole, the jew, the immigrant's son, and the woman?
Why are redneck murder cases the hardest to solve?
What do you call a house full of black people?
What's the difference between black people and cancer?
How did you quit smoking?
What do you call a Spaniard that is a violator?
Why did the poor dog chase his tail?
Who's the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
What did he do ?
Do you believe in love at first site?
What does Tupperware and a walrus have in common?
What do a Christmas tree and priest have in common?
What's the best thing about alzheimers?
Do you like cheesecake?
Where did the sick boat go?
Why is urine called pee?
He drank an entire bottle of olive oil?
Why is trigonometry so hard to talk about?
Did you know George Washington is not on the 1$ bill?
Have you heard about the Rosa Parks sex move?
Why did the policeman shoot the empty LED?
What did the ninja do when he failed to kill his target?
What's the best part about football?
What's the best part of being a necrophiliac?
What did the mohel bring to the BBQ potluck?
Why do lesbians always win against journalists?
What do you call a Chinaman that does everything given what other people do?
What would American Psycho 3 be called if it had Martin Shreli as the lead actor?
What do you call a deaf lesbian?
What does a cannibal without a kitchen eat?
Why don't you see any transgendered parents?
How do you get a Jewish girls number?
He drank the entire bottle of olive oil?
What led to the discovery of gravitational waves?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Why is spongebob an ass man?
Why did the blond get fired from the banana plantation?
How do you get gum out of your hair?
What is Bruce Lee's favourite drink?
Why did the germ cross the microscope?
What do you do when someone has an epileptic fit in the bathtub?
You ever hear the one about the super-competitive guy who joined a circlejerk?
What's the difference between a week-old human and a weak, old human?
What does an egg say at a party?
Whats worse than picking your own nose?
#TBT How do you wake up Lady Gaga?
Are you a banker?
What does the number 668 represent?
Hear about the tornado that hit the vacuum cleaner factory?
What do you call an amputee masseuse?
What did the ancient Greek mother say when her sons toga got torn?
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo?
Why was the Muslim sad when he bought a pirated disc?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
How do you open a banana safe?
How can you tell if your water is about to break?
Whats the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?
What does the unemployed starving man ask his rich baker friend?
Who did Alaska vote for?
What Did Chris Christie Give Up For Lent?
Why was six afraid of seven?
What's a bear's favorite fruit?
Why did the freshly circumcised penis experience uncontrollable road rage?
Why did the football coach go to Aldi?
What was the name of the Antartic terrorist group?
How was my soup?
What do The Walking Dead and Fast & Furious have in common?
Did you hear about the kidnapping in the park ?
What does an excited Japanese horse say?
What did Journey say to the critic as he stormed out of their concert?
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella?
What is Medusa's favorite cheese?
Why are some girls so odd?
Why do hipsters not wear cardigans anymore?
What brand toothbrush do Mexicans use?
Where are you from?
Ya know what's a real pain in my ass?
What did the toaster say to the pop tart?
What’s the best part about sex with 28-year-olds?
Why did the audience hate the pedophile guitarist?
What's the difference between a blonde and a washer?
What do you call a blonde in a closet?
How do tennis players prefer their steak?
What do you call a Gay Dictator?
What's a pedophile's favorite part of a hockey game?
What's long, hard, 6 inches, and makes the ladies scream when it's put in their mouth or up their vagina?
Why was the mathematician fired?
What is a mathematician's favorite food?
Why did the police chief hate going into the basement?
What's the same between a smart blonde and a UFO?
What do you call a Chicken staring at lettuce?
A chicken was flying when it laid an egg. Why didn't the egg break?
What do you call an army of toddlers?
What did the grand child say to his drowning grandpa?
What did the pillar say when he forgot to wish his friend happy birthday?
What do you call a werewolf that knows it's a werewolf?
How does one respond to a black guy sending you a dick pic?
Which laptop has the most pleasant speakers?
Why did Martin Luther King have so many pink shirts?
What's Pharma Bro's favorite musical?
What do you call 6.022 x 10^23 avocados?
What did the pedophiliac rabbi say to the young boy?
How can you tell if a loaf of bread is a boy or girl?
How do you disappoint a redditor?
What seperates man from animal?
What do you call a weird Russian?
What is easy to get into, but hard to get out of?
how do you know when a prescription is being written for bulimia?
What's a Russian's favorite service provider?
What's a mathematician's favorite drug?
Why couldn't the snowman spend his money?
Why was the snowman smiling?
What's the difference between an Iraqi middle school and a terrorist training camp?
What does a Mexican duck say?
Pete and Marco Rubio are on a boat. Pete falls off. Who is left?
Why is that Bono still hasn't found what he's looking for?
Why did Bill Clinton say NO to testosterone meds?
Why is morning wood full of holes?
What's "Bob" backwards?
What does Cam Newton and Fig Newton have in common?
What's the difference between a hooker and an onion?
Why did the marijuana addict lose the race?
What did the shy pebble wish for?
Why was Jimmy so excited to go to Clown College?
What do a guy crossing Niagara falls on a tight rope and a guy getting a blowjob from a 90 year old have in common?
What do you call a fat North Korean?
Why cant #alllivesmatter?
How does a penguin make a decision?
What is the best city to stream a movie?
How do you make a Kleenex dance?
What s the difference between an ostridge ?
What do you call a dog with no tongue?
What do you call a singing computer?
What do you call a German sausage fest?
What can a goose do, that a duck can't, that a lawyer should ?
what is a short, yet a long password?
Why are most demolitions experts happy?
What's a bear's favorite fruit?
How do you know you're kissing a french horn player?
Why are Gametes good at marketing?
What's yellow and can't swim?
What goes in hard and comes out soft and sticky?
Why is school like a boner?
What's the difference between obese and morbidly obese?
What do you call Kurt Russel playing an archaeologist?
How to piss of a reddit moderator?
Why is it bad that Peyton Manning shilled for Budweiser?
Why is a fire truck always red?
What is Victoria's Secret?
How do you disappoint a Redditor?
Why couldn't the boy keep his documents open when he left a window open in winter?
What did Will Smith's toe say to his face?
What did one pimple say to the other?
Why did the Broncos wear white jerseys in Super Bowl 50?
How did the stoner propose to his girlfriend?
a blonde and a brunette jump off a building, who reach the floor first?
What did the male computer say to the female computer?
Why did the bible cross the street?
What do you call a chicken staring at a head of lettuce?
How do you make the hippie run out of money?
How does a black man ride a black stallion?
Who would win in a fight between John Cena and Chuck Norris?
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his kids?
Boss: Where were you born?
Why are millionaires bad at swimming?
Have you been to Iran?
What do you call a barista with big tits?
What did the Puerto Rican dish say when he lost his Android?
Do you know why doctors are prescribing medical marijuana for arthritis?
How do we confirm life on another planet?
What's the most common pickup line at a gay bar?
What did the rising sun say to the morning dew?
Where do Sarah Palin and Hillary Clinton go to worship?
Why did the clam get in an accident?
Why are pills white?
How many people with OCD does it take to fix a lightbulb?
How do you call a person from France, with whom you have casual sex?
Why did the orange stop rolling down the hill?
What do Dave Mirra and The Offspring have in common?
Do you know what the secret of encouragement is?
What does Cam Newton have in common with a Fig Newton?
Ever wonder why Dallas Cowboy fans are so rich?
What do you call a sick eagle?
What do Russians call their barbers?
What's the difference between a well dressed man on a bicycle and a poorly dressed man on a uni cycle?
Why cant Miss Piggy count to 70?
What do you call a Mexican midget?
Why do Chinese people have short names?
What's the most obvious slang word in the Star Wars universe?
How do you get wishes from cheese?
Do you know what Minnesota doesn't have?
How do you find Will Smith in a snow storm?
What do you call a bear with no teeth?
How do you keep a clown from laughing?
What was the old man in despair about?
What is Jesus' favorite band?
What bands did they hire to play at the Developmental Disability Conference?
Why have the French lost the war?
What do you call a chicken staring at a lettuce?
Who's the opposite of Willem Dafoe?
Why does Donald Trump secretly want to lose the election?
How do you start a racist joke?
Whats the difference between two dicks and a joke?
Whats the difference between a zippo and a hippo?
What does a power ranger say before they do drugs?
What's a Sicilian terrorists favorite treat?
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead are all in the 9th Grade. Which one is the sexiest?
Why did I throw my phone out of my window?
Why do rednecks make the best sandwiches?
Why was the archeologist sad?
What do you get when you throw a baby against a wall?
Why do elephants drink so much?
Semi clean jokes that aren't pervy and don't include death?
What does Joe Pesci order at Burger King?
You ever been to the strip club on that ice planet?
Why did the stressed out zombie go on vacation?
You know what sucks?
what's the best part about electing Hillary Clinton?
What is the best part about having sex with twenty eight year-olds?
How do you circumcise a redneck?
Which joke is better?
What do you call someone who points out the obvious?
Have you heard that president Assad has been making cheese?
What did the urologist say to his physician before he hired him?
Why can't you trust girls?
What's the difference between Finebros and Humiliation pornstars?
How much does it cost to clean up Germany?
How do you piss of an archaeologist?
How many Arab, Australian, Brazilian, British, Canadian, Chinese, French, German, Greek, Indian, Irish, Italian, Jamaican, Japanese, Mexican, Polak, Russian, Scandinavian, Scottish, and South African adults does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How do you cure depression?
Have you guys heard about Wendys?
Why does Donald Trump secretly want to lose the election?
Why doesn't America knock?
What does ISIS call wine snobs?
What do cannibals call a fajita made out of a vagina?
Why Twitter deleted so many terrorist accounts recently?
What's Pink and Hard???
(Warning - Shitty Pun) What do you call a mentally-deficient louse?
Why was the little boy speaking gibberish?
Where do poor Italians live?
What did the boy tell the priest in the confessional?
What do you get when you combine a black guy and an octopus?
What do the Superbowl and the OJ Simpson Saga have in common?
Son: Dad how do stars die?
How do you sell a chicken to someone who is hard-of-hearing?
Why can't you take a shower with a pokemon?
What do you call a black woman whose had an abortion?
What kind of joke do peeping Toms like?
What did the proctologist say to the pirate?
Why doesn't r/jokes like fencers?
What is green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree might kill you?
What do you call a computer with an amazing singing voice?
Did you see the story about the missing dolphin?
What do you call a chicken looking at a lettuce?
What do you call a bad joke about prostitutes?
Why didn't anyone like the bread store owner?
what does my dad and christmas crackers have in common?
Why do they call it "Ben Folds Five"?
Hey girl, are you an F5 key?
What is green and smells like bacon?
What's Pac-Man's favourite holiday destination?
What kind of pistol should you use to shoot a bear?
What's the difference between 3 and 13?
Why did the teacher have trouble controlling her pupils?
How did Metallica get their band name?
What does a cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend?
What do you call a dog who digs for bones?
What do Lena Dunham & ISIS have in common ?
What did one otter say to the other otter?
What do you call a man with no feet and is allergic to milk?
How do you sell a chicken to a deaf man?
How did the prostitute get a job at the zoo?
Where do post go when they die in Reddit?
Do you want to be the greatest superhero of all?
Why don't witches wear underwear?
What do you call a mouthwash for tiny scientists?
What do you call an Asian who acts like he is black?
What's black, white and red all over?
Have you ever wondered why wizards are such snobs?
What does an epileptic vegetarian eat?
Why doesn't God like pizza?
What did the redditor do with the embarrassing naked picture he found of himself?
What do you call group of mentally handicapped kids at a performance of "Peter Pan"?
What does a hippy tell you when you ask them to leave?
Do you think you'll get fake teeth when you're old and gray?
How big was osama bin Laden's hard drive?
Why did the foreigner vote for Trump?
What did the chemist say when he caught his brother stealing halogens?
If you spin an Asian person around, what do they become?
Where do really smart birds roost?
Why are Mexicans good at bow hunting?
What's the opposite of effort?
What's it like being frozen to absolute zero?
What do you call a person that ran away but changed their minds?
how is bungee jumping like having sex?
What do you call Shia LaBeouf's alter ego?
Why could Hitler become Fuhrer?
What do you call a comedian that can't get a girl pregnant?
What do you call a short cowboy?
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and a plastic grocery bag?
How Do You Call 5 Black People Having Sex?
What do you call a bunch of gay slaves?
What do you call a nomadic neanderthal?
What is the main material used in the manufacture of TIE fighters?
What's DJ Khaled's favourite number?
Q: Have you ever tasted Ethiopian food?
Why is Trump's suits made from the same material as panties?
How much...?
Did you hear about the man who was into asphyxiation and vegetables?
What app do nervous ppl order on dates?
Have you heard that rumour about butter?
Why can a penguin never win Best Actor?
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs?
What kind of computer can also sing?
What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt Sr. have in common?
How do you titillate an ocelot?
Whats the difference between an Audi and a porcupine?
How long is a pedicure?
How many dead hooker's in your basement does it take to change a light bulb?
What does your sex life have in common with a highway bridge?
How did the sheep get a Nobel Prize?
Why were the Native Americans in America before us?
A geologist hit a man with his car. What crime is he accused of?
What do you call a constipated German?
What type of rock is this Holmes?
Why does Iraq have no Walmarts?
What was Lenin's favourite film?
What do you call a centaur that works as a prostitute?
Why did the arsonist get kicked off the basketball team?
What is the Difference Between a Pretentious Asshole, and a Brilliant Artist?
When does a gas become a liquid?
A blue man lives in a blue house, a red man lives in a red house, who lives in the white house?
What's the difference between a politician and a computer?
What would you call a porn parody of "The Incredibles"?
What do you call a Chinese cameraman?
What is a baby's favorite Fall Out Boy song?
What did the homeless man get for christmas ?
Whats the difference between a house cat and a polecat ?
What's in the toilet of the Star Ship enterprise?
Who leaked all of Reddit's most sensitive secrets?
What is another word for Pokémon?
What is a Chinese person's favorite wound?
What did the woman say to her husband who constantly turns the heater up way too high?
Why did kurt pull the trigger?
What do you call a 20 year old spaceship that whines all the time and never wants to run properly?
Have you been to Iran?
Girl, are you the New Deal?
Why does an ethiopian baby cry?
How many feminist does it take to change a lightbulb?
What did 'b' say to his friend 'e' after 'e' saved his life?
Why doesn't Hitler play table tennis?
Why did the condom fly across the room?
What's the most immature gaming console?
What's the difference between jews and girl scouts?
What's the difference between YouTube and Redtube?
What does Facebook and a conversation between two teenagers have in common?
What's the difference between the space shuttle and a 2.5 kiloton bomb?
What is the black kid getting for Christmas?
What do a pirate wench and an alcoholic have in common?
What do you call a sheep taking Ambien?
Did I tell you about my old girl friend with only one leg?
How do you put an elephant in a Safeway bag?
Why do women wear makeup and perfume?
What type of punch hurts kids the most?
How is air like sex?
What is Canadian graffiti like?
Where are the best leaders made?
What's the best part about sex with 28-year-olds?
How much toilet paper do people use on a daily basis?
Whats the similarities between black people and bikes?
What's on the inside of a clean nose?
Are you a beaver?
Why is the fungus such a hypocrite?
What kind of ice cream runs for president?
What does poker and sex have in common?
What did the Pink Panther say when he stepped on an ant?
what did the kid say when asked about elections?
Why are most male politicians gay?
What is another name for a pregnant Mexican dog?
What do you get when Hulk holds the American Flag?
Why can't Floyd Mayweather Jr drink pints quickly?
Is it ok to have sex with a third cousin?
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?
What happens when batman takes viagra?
Why is the Chinese language called Mandarin?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call batman when he skips church?
What's long and black?
How did voldemort look like when he was hiding in albania?
What's the difference between the stock market and women?
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a baby who just got HIV?
Did you hear about the Buddhist who refused Novocaine during a root canal?
What's long and white?
Where is Disturbed's favorite vacation spot?
What caused Captain Morgan's shipwreck?
What did the mathematician's apprentice say when he didn't get acknowledged?
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why do Canadians like to do it doggy style?
Have you ever had Somalian food?
What did the fisher say to the fishkin?
What's the difference between a dead baby and a sandwich?
What happened when fire and the wheel were invented?
Why did Hitler commit suicide ?
What's Mario's favorite type of pants?
You want to know why we couldn't put together an Eighties Music Festival?
Hey Reddit, Guess What?
Did you hear the one about three holes in the ground?
Why is the dating app called Tinder?
What did the blindman say when he walked by the fish market?
What do you call a rich black man?
Sunbathing on the beach, the wife came up to me asked what I thought of her flip flops?
What is your best sushi-related joke or pun?
A tree falls in the forest and kills a baby, whos fault is it?
Got any nuts?
How can you see if a Hairdresser is not suitable for the job anymore?
What do you call a rapist with shaved pubes?
What did Tarzan say when he saw a heard of elephants?
So Clinton won 6 out of 6 coin tosses in Iowa?
Why are there so many more men in the military?
Why would you rather run into a bmw driver than a cactus?
Why do tigers eat raw meat?
What do you call a man with three cocks?
What is the first question you ask a baby cow, after its gotten over an illness?
How could I forget, mate?
What is the Hamburglar's favorite David Bowie song?
What do you call 9 idiots who laugh at repetitive joke?
What is the difference between a black man and a couch?
what do you call a feminist who secretly craves for men and also loves to swallow?
I ask myself, what city has the most feminists?
What do you call americans flying to space?
What did Treebeard say when he took a piss?
What does a vagina and the Mafia have in comman?
What did Mexico City say to his father before he left for college?
How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you do with epileptic lettuce?
What do you get when you have an Asian and MLP?
What do you call 99% of /r/politics?
What band's fanbase is the most charitable?
If Sanders win the nomination, won't that make him mainstream?
What is a pedophile's favorite soap opera?
What's the difference between a necrophiliac and someone with a granny fetish?
What did the Shit Summoner say at the bar ?
What do you call it when somebody kills a perfect circle of religious leaders?
What do you call a professional tennis player that keeps serving out?
What did the driver say to the one-legged hitchhiker?
Why did Kennedy throw his head back?
What do you call an explanation of an Asian cooking show?
Why did the rich guy crash his car?
What has four legs, is big, green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree would kill you?
Why do all black people have nightmares?
Why doesn't Jesus play hockey anymore?
How does Michael Jackson Beat It?
What's a Mexican sound technician's favorite cereal?
What's the difference between Franklin Delano Roosevelt and an emergency room run by people who can't hear?
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs?
Why is air a lot like sex?
Why can't British people go to North Korea?
Why was the fire alarm in the trash?
Did you hear about the suspect who's alibi was that he was at a restaurant?
What's the difference between a Rottweiler and a Jewish mother?
Would you like to hear a joke about pizza?
Why aren't puns called pows?
Why don't black people go on cruises?
Why does an Ethiopian baby cry?
How do you shut down all the nuclear reactors in the world?
Whats the difference between a black guy and a bench?
How do 3rd world countries get clean water?
Wtf this movie was not at all like the book! Friend: It was, are you sure you read the book?
Should I have a baby after 25?
What do you call two siblings that take your money?
What's the best thing about having sex with twenty five year olds?
Did you know Hellen Keller had a treehouse?
Who is Patrick Swayze's favorite author?
Why did the hipster burn his tongue?
What's an asexual person's favorite thing to do in the bedroom?
Did you hear about those chicken proof yards?
What do you call a Japanese pirate?
Did you fall from heaven?
How do you circumcise a hillbillly?
What do you call a prostitute on her period?
How does Mario talk to the dead?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
How do programmers say 'I love you!' ?
Am I the only one who spends three minutes looking for the Snickers bar that perfectly represents my mood?
how many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
Did you hear about the pirate who wanted to cut hair for a living?
What does as electronic engineer make for breakfast?
Wanna read the worst joke ever?
Do you like dragons?
Why's Guantanamo Bay full of actors?
Why does America spell colour without the u?
How did the mermaid prostitute make all her money?
What do you call half a ginger?
Does almond milk come from crazy cows?
Why did Michael Jackson always lose in a race?
What's DJ Khaled's favorite number?
What is a bigot?
What is the best place for politicians?
What does Yao Ming stand for?
What's grey and comes in litres?
How do I know that Trump will be our next president?
Why are all these jokes about unhappy relationships?
Why do elephants drink so much?
Don't you hate it when people ask for upvotes?
Did you hear about the new Fairy BDSM book?
Why do women die from suicide five times less than men?
What do people with memory loss and posters on r/jokes have in common?
How did the sun die?
What do you call a virus named Enza that causes the flu?
What would you call a Pokemon Trainer if they were Jewish?
What do you say to your laces to make them go away?
Do you know what "La Quinta" means in Spanish?
What kind of operating system do horses use?
What does the ghost of Al Pacino say?
Where do cotton balls come from?
What did Adele say when the chicken crossed the road?
Why don't Jews like to give rim jobs?
How many possibilities does a man with no arms and legs have?
Did you hear about the guy who'd just broken up with his Asian girlfriend?
What does an amoeba call its friend?
What do you call homeless BDSM?
Who's the biggest player in the Hundred Acre Wood?
Wanna hear a joke?
Why are gay guys so good at moving?
How does a mathematician deal with constipation?
What did the giant wave say to the man?
How did jew get beer?
Why was there a dyslexic stormtrooper?
What do you call a man with no shins?
How do you change the light bulb in the dark?
what did 0 say to the 8?
What color are mirrors?
What do you call a woman who loves small dicks?
What Slenderman doesnt have?
Did you hear about the guy who eating crackers in bed?
Why is leather armor the best for sneaking?
If r/jokes was a person, what organ would he be having problems with?
Do you know why there are so many great bakeries in Germany?
What is a spaceman’s favorite chocolate?
What was Bin Laden's favourite brand?
Have you heard the news about the courduroy pillows?
Why is there no aspirin in the jungle?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil?
Isn't it great to live in 21st century ?
What does the train use to fuel it's gaming addiction?
Why were 80% of Chicago police dash cams broken?
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
What do you call John Cena in camouflage?
Why couldn't the Mod get into the club?
Why is it good that the Vietnamese man won first place?
What did Leonardo DaVinci call his house?
What is the difference between the Leaning Tower of Pisa and the Twin Towers?
What do Kim Kardashian and her dad have in common?
What do you call a man chasing a car?
Hey John, we expend every night together watching the moon and the stars. What we are?
What do they call eating pussy at a Convent?
What do you call a black woman that has had seven abortions?
Why was the gay triceratops so frustrated?
Those Islamic's coming to america?
How many out of date redditers does it take to change a light bulb?
Who's the coolest guy at the hospital?
Why do conspiracy theorists have such long beards?
What do nails like to do on the weekend?
Teacher: If a chicken give you meat, a pig give you bacon, what does a fat cow give you?
What do you call a man who can smell the future?
Why Does Captain Kirk Have 3 Ears?
How do you make pickle bread?
What did the little boy with no arms and no legs get for Christmas?
What do you get when you mix pie and onions?
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house?
What do you call a fight between a Mexican and Jared Fogle?
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle?
What should be done in case of apparent drowning?
Why can't blind kids have imaginary friends?
Math teacher: What is the value of x?
Why did the bicycle fall over?
What's the difference between Bill Cosby and Lena Dunham?
BB8, are you hungry?
What do you call Alan Jackson eating Pho Soup?
How many blondes does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What did the physics professor shout when he disproved Hooke's Law in early to mid March?
What is grey, very big and when it falls out of a tree the stove breaks?
If Amy Schumer was a football player, what team would she play for?
What's the difference between a woman and a nun in a bath?
What's the difference between the charismatics and the nacists?
Everyone keeps guessing who Rey's parents are, but who delivered her as a baby?
What does a mod do in their spare time?
What does a robot do after a one night stand?
What's the difference between a magicians wand and a police baton?
Why was the Bears-Packers tie called off?
Why was the Turkey v Germany match called off?
What do you call a jewish pokemon trainer?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
What's the difference between a rabbi and a priest?
Did you hear the one about Jerry Sandusky molesting kids?
What's the difference between a joke and three dicks?
How did Rihanna find out Chris Brown was cheating on her?
How do you look for Will Smith?
What are a Mexican's favorite dimensions for square dancing?
What's the safest font?
What did the Nazi Officer say when he saw the Americans approaching?
You know how some people make food exactly as it appears on the cookbook?
What's the Mexican version of the KKK?
What was Jesus's favorite band?
What do you call a student that graduates bottom of their class in Med school?
what do you call an American Tardis?
What's the difference between pussy and actuall pussy?
What does Mike Tyson use to represent his sewing skills?
What is DJ Khaled's favorite number?
How did they know Christa McAuliffe had dandruff?
Whats the difference between a dirts bus stop and a crab with big boobs?
What do you call a pizza who's a DJ?
A bird pooped on my head today...Am I gonna die?
What did the adrenaline addict say to the serial killer?
Why the long face?
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer?
How do you drown a hipster?
What's the difference between squash and zucchini?
What is it called when your crush has a crush on you too?
Why do hipsters hate ice skating?
What do you call a legend of Zelda fan theory?
Why doesn't Kim Jong Un ever defecate?
What does Michael Jackson do when he gets kids to the top of the Empire State building?
Who is a man's best friend?
Minorities have the race card, women have the gender card, homosexuals have the gay card, but what do discriminatory white men have?
What did the fisherman and his girlfriend do last night?
What do you call a nun sleep walking?
What do you get in the Netherlands, when you fail your driving test three times?
What kind of a battery does Dj Khaled use?
What is the difference between a black Jew and a white Jew?
Where does a prostitute go to rat out her pimp?
Did you hear about the tarpaulin conspiracy??
What is Eminem's favourite food?
Where did Suzy go when the bombs fell?
So this guy with a premature ejaculation problem?
Who Shot First? Boba Fett or Jango Fett?
How did Tarzan get his cry?
What's a Buddhist's favorite physics law?
Why are men smarter during sex?
Why is there so much "twang" in Country music?
What's the difference between a Trump rally and a Klan rally?
What is the difference between a girl in a church, and a girl in a bathtub?
What do you call a Nazi turkey?
Why don't Mexicans cross the border in groups of three?
Are you addicted to masturbation?
Why did the Mexican fail English 101?
What are the pros and cons of wearing two watches?
Why couldn't Moses believe his mother sent him away in a basket?
Why is air a lot like sex?
What hairstyle does Christopher Nolan get at the barber?
How is a Christmas tree like a man who's had a vasectomy?
What do you call a group of scientists discussing different ways to recycle power?
What's a young birds favourite game?
What's the opposite of condescending?
What do you call a black priest?
What does Bill Gates call it when someone drops a $20 bill on the ground?
What has 2 legs and looses a lot of blood?
Why is only black people can call black people "nigga" but white people cannot ?
What do you call a horse who goes freerunning?
What's a four letter word for "a butt load of fun"?
What should you use to make a boat explode?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What do white people and fences have in common?
What public figure generated significant internet activism, was underestimated by the establishment, and had followers who were generally younger than their competition?
Do you have elections in Japan?
Why wouldn't the race car driver pick up the hitchhiker?
Who won the Asian cooking contest?
Which company saw the end of disco coming from a mile away?
How could batman possibly defeat superman?
What do you call a Jewish vagina?
Q: What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night?
Why/How do bakers work?
What happens when a T-rex gets strep?
What's the difference between a Harley and a hoover?
What do UP! and push-up have in common?
What do you call a Transformer that engages in illegal activities?
Do you remember how before social media nobody cared what, where and with whom you ate?
Why do so many people hate circumcision?
Did you guys hear about how Mattel took back all those Terminator action figures?
How did Whitney Houston take the drugs?
How do you make holy water?
What's the difference between a black and a white fairy tale?
What do you call a female manager?
What's the difference between Trump and a Tree?
How do you drown a hipster?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What do Marie Curies Notebooks and a defected KGB agent have in common?
What are the similarities between a donkey and a Sikh?
How do you make a horomone?
What does the flint water crises and Chicago PD have in common?
What can't teenage girls do?
What did they call Jesus Christ when he was crucified?
What's the Biggest Jobs Killer in the United States?
Why did the robot cross the road?
What do you call a Mexican who lost his car?
What's the best thing about finger blasting a gypsy on her period?
At the sushi restaurant: What kind of eel is this?
What is a pedophile's favourite pair of shoes?
Why is a creative writing workshop the first step when training to become a firefighter?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How do you fit 4 gay men on a barstool?
What do you call a really quiet dog?
What do a call a fighting tournament where homosexuals engage in sissy\slap-fighting each other?
What Australian city has the most cats?
How many Vegans does it take to eat a cheeseburger?
Why did the blonde stare at the Ford?
What do Baptists and cats have in common?
What is the Technical name For IronMan Overreacting?
What do you call a bear with no teeth?
What do you call a Marshmallow eaten by Aliens?
What did the racist ghost say?
Why couldn't I call back a Bernie Sanders volunteer?
Want to hear a joke?
What do you call a skinny tree that raps?
What's the difference between Australia and Yogurt?
What does the fat cow give you?
If humans have politics, then what do bees have?
Why do woman have faces?
You know how they say your smile is your strongest weapon?
What deity has the worst teeth?
When is a mass shooting not a mass shooting?
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a bag of shit?
How can Russia love pickles and vodka but hate gay people?
Why is it bad to mix Islam and Hinduism?
You want to see something intense?
What is the difference between a man and a woman?
I asked my heart why I can't sleep at night?
What's the difference between jam and marmalade?
Why are portraits of George Washington displayed in British bathrooms?
What do you call a well-endowed Asian man?
Time to start a race war. Which race is superior?
Why is Darth Vader black?
What is the difference between a cat and a comma?
What do you call a gaming double entendre?
How do you make an Amish woman happy?
Where do polar bears go to deposit money?
What did the mayonnaise say when the refrigerator was opened?
Why did Adele cross the road??
What are Marios overalls made of?
What's the difference between RPGs and Drunken Style Kung Fu?
What did I do when I had a bomb strapped to me chest?
What did Dorothy do to the mean Asian Munchkin?
Why did black beard kill his first mate?
Why did Hugh Glass go to the doctor?
What does a calculus teacher say when a student doesn't get it?
Why do the best swimmers come from Flint, Michigan?
What do you call a cross between a human and a monkey?
Why is the ocean salty?
What do you call a guitar that has completely changed parts?
What is the difference between USA and USB?
Why do aliens only abduct white people?
Who was the hide-and-seek champion of 2005?
Why did the scarecrow earn an achievement award?
biggest joke ever?
Why did the tomato blush?
Why did the Indian cross the road?
What is Bill Clintons favorite instrument to play?
What if Stonehenge was made to satirize the achievements of mankind?
Where do you find a dog with no legs?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
What do you call someone who keeps trying the same thing again and again, yet expects different results?
Why do honeydew melons have to get married in a formal ceremony?
Did you hear about the movie based on an Australian dystopian future society?
What sentence did the man who took 2 minutes to turn around get?
Why did the number of parking tickets spike after Persephone was carried off to the underworld?
What will you get when you put Donald Trump and politics together?
What type of car would the Hamburglar drive?
How do jockeys stay on their horses?
What does a cat call its black best friend?
Why is Edward Snowden still in Russia?
What is the definition of diplomacy?
What do you call a superfluous elephant?
What fish tastes great with peanut butter?
Why did the iguana get a prescription for viagra?
Whats the fastest way into a woman's heart?
What is worse than finding 100 dead babies in a trash bin?
How is the world like a bag of jellybeans?
What is the frat guy's favorite ion?
Why do the Vietnamese never eat fruits?
How does Dr. Dre like to be told a story?
What did the Atlantic Ocean and Pacific Ocean say to each other?
Why is your nose in the middle of your face?
Why didn't the life guard save the hippy?
Why do skeletons have so many kids?
what does a clock do when it's hungry?
What do you call the field of study for dad jokes?
Why was it so hot in the stadium after the game?
Why is Reddit called "Reddit"?
How does a Space Marine from Warhammer 40K get fit?
What does Stalin do on a night out?
How long do black women need to bring the garbage out?
Why does Karl Marx not take milk in his tea?
Whats Dj Khaleds Favourite Jetski Brand?
What is white on the top and black on the bottom?
how do yu offend a tumblr person?
What does a nosey pepper do?
What's Princess Leia's first name?
What does a woman get every month that lasts 3-5 days?
Why do Jews have such big noses?
What do you get when you mix blood and piss?
How many men does it take to open a beer?
What do you call a person who doesn't care that he just got kicked out of a Call of Duty team?
What do you call a fat computer?
(x-post /r/meanjokes) What's worse than 10 dead babies in a dumpster?
What are the similarities between my work shirt and the children of Flint, MI?
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why could Edward not leave his driveway and get back to his home country?
What's the capital of Greece?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
What's the same about a smart blonde and a UFO?
Does anybody know a rad trigonometry joke?
What do you call an Asian male with no penis?
Why did Adele cross the road?
Don't you just hate clickbait titles?
What do you call a manic bear?
What did Mr. Freeze do with his wife on their first date?
What kind of bees produce milk?
What happens when 2 meets 3 at Times Square?
Why can't astronauts stay in a long term relationship?
Why do black people have white hands and feet?
What does a memelord put on his sandwich?
What's the hardest part of running over a baby?
Did you hear about the cow that doesn't give any milk?
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb?
What does Captain Falcon drink in Hawaii?
Why do people in Afghanistan air dry after they shower?
What do you call an Australian singer who was born in Australia?
Why do historians believe all nazis were women?
What's the deal with the phrase "door ajar"?
What do you call a bear that's questioning their sexuality?
Why can't Russia extradite US top-secret whistle-blowers?
Have you heard about the internet couple that broke up?
What do you call a fat person with a flat butt?
A black man and a Pakistani fell from a cliff. Which landed first?
What do you call a fake spaghetti?
Who is Samuel L Jackson's favorite historical figure?
What are Hillary Clinton's favorite shoes?
How to avoid clickbait?
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina?
What did the shooting range instructor say to the guy in a wheelchair?
Why did the recruiter hire a Spider ?
So why did the chicken cross the road?
How well did the sailor do in school?
1. What do you call a man with a flamethrower? 2. What do you call his first victim? 3. What do you call his second victim?
What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas?
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination?
Bio joke time! What did one cell say to his sister cell that stepped on his foot?
Why does C-3PO always tell Han the Odds?
Why can't women explain feminism to men?
What does Brock Lesnar do if a website isn't loading?
Why is Jesus terrible at hockey?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
How do you measure a snake?
What do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking?
What's a prison executioners favorite beer?
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a can?
Why did I quit my job in Mexico?
Do you like tapes and CDs?
What do quantum physicists do when life gives them lemons?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call a depressed cow?
Who is the greatest author of the medieval era?
What Do You Call 5 Year Old With No Friends?
Did you hear about the new Tarantino movie about a Nazi banquet?
Did you know?
Who loses in a basketball game between two Vietnamese guys?
you know who makes the best cocoa?
What's the relationship between the pound, the dollar, and the ruble?
What do you call a vegetable/fruit that dies for it's religion?
Why does a chicken coup only have two doors?
Did u hear about the new plane that's going to be 2000 ft long?
How do you get a hippie pregnant?
What was the Sci-fi remake of A Streetcar Named Desire?
What did Ben Franklin call his pee hole?
What do you call it when I can order breakfast anytime of day, but I'm not allowed to get a Big Mac at 8 am?
What happens to crude people?
Why couldn't the salad bowl play Scrabble?
Did you know condoms had serial numbers?
What goes, "Clip clop clip clop clip clop clip clop BANG BANG clip clop clip clop clip clop..." ?
How do you call a dog without legs?
How do you find a blind man in a nudist camp?
What do you call it when you talk to God?
What do you do when you see your tv hover around the place?
You know what I hate about Reddit?
Where did Sally go when the bomb went off?
Why did the plane crash?
Why did the engineer wrap his hamster in electrical tape?
Why didn't the Cancer Cowboy head out West?
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella?
What's another term for anal bleaching?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
What would you call Martin Luther king Jr if he was white?
What's worse than raining cats and dogs?
What do you call a black person with a PHD?
What's 5,000 lbs and sexually confused?
Why didnt Craig buy Anne Franks shoes on Ebay for 2000$ ?
What do you get when you cross astronomy and cosmology with a dyslexic girl at starbucks?
What does the Mexican gang member say to the 15 page document?
Sonic the Hedgehog is ordering a hot dog at a hot dog stand, but can't decide if he wants mustard. The vendor flips a coin, and tells Sonic to "call it", to which Sonic replies " Heads!". Why?
What does it take to be a president of Russia?
What's a pirates favourite video game genre?
How do you call the piece of fat around the vagina?
Who do people hate and love but is really hot and goes to beach everyday?
When are you allowed to play with scissors?
Whats the difference between a kangaroo and a kangaroot?
What do you call a man with no arms or legs being pulled behind a boat?
How can you tell your girlfriend is getting fat?
If you're american in the living room, what are you in the bathroom?
You know those kinds of Reddit posts that just frustrate you to death?
If the police police police police, who polices the police police?
How is sleeping with a girl whose dad is in the other room the same as being kidnapped?
How do you tell who loves you more. Your wife or your dog?
How many babies does it take to paint a fence?
What is white and 14 inches long?
What has 2 legs but doesn't use them?
How do you spell "Pringles" in Spanish?
What was the name of the operation to catch Juaquin Guzman?
What's the difference between this post and a fire truck?
What's the difference between people on Reddit and dead people?
You wanna know why I don't buy Velcro?
Why do baby birds love Amy Schumer's comedy?
What is the opposite of a protein?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
Why does the ocean have water?
Why couldn't Obi-Wan calculate the volume of Bespin from the ideal gas law?
What does Disney and the porn industry have in common?
How many mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb?
Where is Wallace at?
What is the difference between chicken and blondes ?
Did you hear about the guy who got his whole left side cut off?
What's the difference between a woman and a washing machine?
What's the worst part about being a railroad conductor?
Was the discovery of a new planet an accident?
When is a man smartest before, during or after sex?
How many South American's does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do space-related scientists call themselves in Australia?
Why did the bull get a sex change?
What do they call the Hulk when he has an erection?
What do you call a destroyed bomb shelter in Poland?
What do you call an Arab who's been everywhere and done everything?
What did Brad Pitt in Seven and Harvey Weinstein in real life both get?
Why won't you ever see an American slav squatting?
What did the slug say to the police?
What's the best thing to come out of a penis?
Is it just me?
Why doesn't Seattle have a professional volleyball team?
What do you call a terrorist-run snowball stand?
Are you a game developer?
What's the hardest part of eating a vegetable?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What are there no black people in the Flinstones?
What do you call a bipolar Sith?
How much work does it take to send a packet across the internet?
What did one butt cheek say to the other?
Did you hear you can get cocaine as a suppository?
What's the food equivalent to Rachel Dolezal?
Why won't Bernie Sanders win the rational election?
What type of clothing does a House wear?
Y'know what really brings out the inner child in you?
Why didn't the XML goto the Gym?
Why did the midget who drove British cars get cabin fever?
Why did the flood barrier rupture?
Why did the chicken cross the Mobius strip?
Why won't you ever see an ant walk in a church?
Q: What happens once in a minute and twice in a moment but never in a decade?
Where do you see yourself in four years?
Why you shouldn't have sex with a deaf prostitute?
Why do gingers get sunburned so easily?
What's Red and crawls up your leg?
Ever needed a taxi but you had no money?
Why did the condom fly across the room?
Why are Muslims so violent?
Why can't Pakistanis play soccer?
What do you call an isolated mystical forest creature?
What's the difference between a condom and the congress?
What do you call a sad coffee?
What did the human call the bee after it stung him?
Want to hear a joke about pizza?
What do you call tossing a Hawaiian's salad?
What do you call El Chapo suffering from seizures?
Why is the grass in Anfield Stadium so green?
Why did the banjo player get into heaven?
Book about skeletons?
What did the atheist say when he saw Jesus?
What do you get when you cross a dog with an amplifier?
Why did the Udon noodles stop drinking?
What did 2 say to 3 about 6?
Why is your paper blank?
Have you seen Alan Rickman's newest movie?
What do you call a Chinese prostitute with no legs?
Why is sex like snow?
What's worse than a worm in your apple?
Why can't orphans play baseball?
How many women does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why didn't the melons get married?
What is small, salty and melts in your mouth?
What do you get when you mix a black and asian person?
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandles?
Ever get high off of watching Rambo?
What's the difference between radical feminists and a Valentine's Day mascot's tricks?
Whats the currency of North Korea?
What do you call an honest Iranian businessman?
What did the 0 say to the 8?
What do you call a Renaissance snack?
How does the enthusiastic chef serve his burgers?
What do you call a Jamaican gynecologist?
What do multiculturalism and the movie Jaws have in common?
Why did the masseuse give her lawyer a happy ending?
What do you give to an owl who is not being himself?
Where can you always find kids by themselves?
Why do lesbians shop at Sport's Authority?
What did the intellectual neckbeard say to his buddy when he was asked about the Mayweather Pacquiao fight?
What's 8 inches long, and black as the night?
What's the difference between a jew and a boy scout?
What's the difference between RAM and ROM?
You wanna hear a funny joke?
How do you know your at a gay bbq?
What is the difference between jelly and jam?
Where do military chaplains buy their regalia?
Did you hear about the old Italian chef?
You guys know what Jesus' favorite band is?
What did Snape say at Alan Rickmans funeral?
Why did the cheese maker not enjoy the movie?
What is the difference between Martin Luther King Day and St. Patrick's Day?
Why did Hitler kill himself?
What happened when hitler fell off his skateboard, and the wound got infected?
Why are girls always cold?
What do you call a British voyeur?
What a Chinese Restaurant Owner's Preferred License Plate?
Did you know that Ireland is the richest country in the world?
What's Forest Gump's Facebook Password?
What did Hillary Clinton say at the last debate?
Why was Cinderella bad at basketball?
What's the difference between a Lambo and 1,000 dead babies?
What type of jokes do Sikhs hate?
Did you hear about the explosion in the cheese factory?
How do you piss off a transgender?
Why do black men only have nightmares?
How to play Kayle more effectively?
Why do Black People only have Nightmares?
What did the black eyed peas say when they left the dentist?
What did adam say to eve?
What did the Asian guy say about all the recent celebrity deaths?
What does a mole think, when he digs trough lower Austria?
What is red and hurts when you bite it?
Have you heard of the movie *Constipation*?
What breaks when you give it to a toddler?
Why are shopaholics in the UK generally very skinny?
What is a Nazi's favorite type of hotdog?
How much is a $1,000,000 Bill worth?
How did the dad know that his daughter is on her period?
Why aren't Tyler Perry movies for the light-hearted?
Tell me why this is funny?
What's the difference between acne and a priest?
Why do black people only have nightmares?
What car transmission do Mexicans use?
Why couldn't the life guard save the drowning hippie?
Why are people at Star Wars conventions so happy?
What do a midget and a dwarf have in common?
What is an astronaut's favorite meal?
Why was the pianist so depressed?
How does the man in the moon cut his hair?
Having a bad day?
What does robbing a Scotsman get you?
Why did the farmer take a bale of hay to bed?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why did Lionel go to the medical store?
Dentist: when was the last time you flossed?
What was Aladdin called after he went Vegan?
What does a crow call his penis?
What do you call the western half of Kenya?
Rihanna, what did you mean the wind gave you this black eye?
Have you heard of the hypochondriac who had issues with his bowels?
How much does a moil get paid for circumcision?
What is the monkey that can't peel the banana?
What's the worst part about raping a deaf chick?
What did the rock say to the other rock?
What does a gay man and an ambulance have in common?
What's the difference between water and gasoline?
What do you call a German tampon?
Why is it called the "color TV"?
Why did the cowboy adopt a Weiner dog?
Why are there no suicide books on librarys?
Why do pirates love Playboy Magazine?
How do you fit 25 Jews in a car?
What happened to the blind circumciser?
Why did the Russians send a dog to space to die?
What is the favorite note of a priest?
What's the worst gear for America?
Why did the hippie lifeguard not save the drowning boy?
What's the connection between the Star Trek Enterprise and toilet paper?
How many "All Lives Matter" protesters does it take to change a light bulb?
How to spot a blind guy in a nudist colony?
What do you call a dead bird that was suicidal?
Did you hear about the terrorist with a house fetish?
What do conspiracy nuts do to fall asleep?
Why do Black People hate country music?
What do you call a woman who can successfully play pool whilst balancing a glass of lager on her head?
What do you call a narcissistic plant with an erection?
Why do Muslims not eat pork?
What have sex, money and depression in common?
what did little billy get when he stumbled upon r/twoxchromosome?
Have you ever thought about the word racecar and how it's a palindrome?
What does a nosey pepper do?
Why do most chicken coups have 2 doors?
What vegetable parties the hardest?
Girl, are you pi?
Where are you when you're in the U.K. waiting for Vietnamese soup?
Why was the computer tired when he got home?
What did the hurricane say to Hillary?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How can you spot the blind man at the nude beach?
Why couldn't the cop save the hippie from drowning?
What do you call a bear that will fuck anything?
What has a bottom at its top?
How many Chernobyl survivors does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion?
What do you call the Wal Mart cheer?
Why did the redditor go to /r/zelda?
Whats a mile long and has a thousand arms?
How many sovereign citizens does it take to change a lightbulb?
What us the difference between garbage and Jersey Girls?
Where do you find an enlightened mosquito?
What do airlines and prostitutes have in common?
What did the flower say about the tree heading to the sky?
Whats the difference between a noose and a leash?
Why doesn't Barbie have kids?
What gets easier to pick up, the more it weighs?
[REPOST] How many narcissists does it take to screw in a light-bulb?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
How do you feel when there is no coffee?
Why did two owls get arrested for the same crime?
What does a baker say before he orgasms?
A chinese tiger mom asks her daughter a question about her future: Erizabeth, you stirr want to be a doctoh right?
What do you call transgender superheroes?
How do you seduce a fat woman?
Where can you find the strongest tea?
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb?
Which African country has the most obese inhabitants?
What do penguins do in a race?
Why are calculators grey and boring?
How does the Addidas executive work through the night?
Teacher: How Old is your father?
Anyone watch story on the news about the corduroy pillows?
Teacher to Student: Why are you late?
Why should you never watch a movie with a generous Nascar driver?
Why is there all this hate against necromancers?
What's the difference between America and Yoghurt?
What did Haley Joel Osment find at the top of Mt. Everest?
Why can't you fool an aborted baby?
Why is Karl Marx a fan of the Galactic Empire?
[Destiny] Where do Year 1 Guardians buy their clothes?
What do you call a black guy flying a plane?
What did the man say to the Formula 1 driver who nearly rear-ended him?
What does a Super Saiyan always put on his sandwich?
What's In Hitlers Nose?
Want to here a joke?
What did the cheese say to itself in the in the mirror?
What's a terrorist's favourite car?
What is the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral?
What does a condom have in common with a coffin?
Have you ever had a female horse escape from the stables into the forest in the late evening?
what is the disease that killed princes diana?
What is easy to register for, but something you never want?
Did you hear about the new divorcee Barbie?
How did experts know Princess Diana had dandruff?
Have you heard about the guy who posted about a mod's cousin?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What's Alex's (from 'A Clockwork Orange') preferred type of light?
How do you call a male prostitute?
Why does England always get attacked in the summer?
How can you tell a redneck has got money?
Teacher: What comes after 69?
Why do melons have fancy weddings?
What do cheese and cancer have in common?
What did Matthew McConaughey say to DiCaprio about his chances of winning the Oscars this year?
Do you know how to catch a polar bear????
What do you call a drummer who has lost one of his drumsticks?
What cell carrier do Mormons use?
Did you hear about the pair of university professors who got sued for sexual harassment?
What do you call a faggot with an axe?
How would you call Hitler if he was a musician ?
Where's your assistant?
Why do some people dislike twitch chat?
What does a Tusken Raider eat after his dinner?
What is the difference between an american and a canadian?
How much sex does Sister Mary get?
Why do you have to pee so quickly after you start drinking beer?
What do you call a black Gohan from Dragon Ball Z?
How does Moses make coffee?
[NO SPOILERS] Did you hear about the stormtrooper who fell asleep at The Force Awakens?
Who's the most racist super hero?
What is the last thing to go through the mind of a suicide bomber?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why did the watermelon and the honeydew decide to cancel their spontaneous wedding in Las Vegas?
How do you know an angle is dead?
Whats the difference between being hungry and horny?
What would Ronald Reagan be doing if he were alive today?
How does King Arthur take his pills?
What's worse than ants in your pants?
Why did Jerry Hall marry Rupert Murdoch?
Why did they hire the police department to design a new superconductor?
What do you call a manager that hasn't grown up yet?
When Does This White Privilege Thing Kick In?
Did you hear about the guy who fell asleep during The Force Awakens?
How many blondes does it take to change a lightbulb?
Knock knock, who's there?
What do you call a Black man that walks by a Cop?
What does a vulture bring with him on the airplane?
Q: What three words will emasculate any man?
What's Irish and sits on a porch?
Why did Hitler kill himself?
Have you guys seen the Petrified Forrest?
Did you here about the kidnapping at school?
What does a nosy pepper do?
What's the difference between God and Trump?
What comes after 69?
What do they call Muhammad Ali on bean night?
what are your hobbies?
What do you call a cow stuck in a hurricane?
What do you call a bunch of crazy Rabbis?
What did the patriarchy serve at their dinner party?
Is molestation rape foreplay?
Why are asymptomatic cardiology patients so trustworthy?
What are Starbucks two shipping options?
What does a balding man and a tortoise have in common?
Did you hear about the latest Calvin Klein Lawsuit?
What's the difference between mathematicians and Syrian refugees?
What do you call a Mexican on a bike?
How do you piss off a Texan?
Why couldn't the coal worker get into the movie?
What do you call a virgin on a water bed?
Did you hear about the uncircumcised volcano?
How do you circumcise Luke Skywalker?
You know what Donald Trump is actually really good at that most people don't realize?
Why did the airplane crash into the building?
What's the fastest way to kill millions?
What do you call a police officer that stays in bed all day underneath the blankets?
If Adele were a computer, what would she be?
What did the Nazi say to the clock that went tick-tick-tick?
Why did Adele leave the house?
How do street urchins communicate with each other?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
How many lovers do the religious have?
Hey did you hear they combined two of the top grossing films, Avatar and The Force Awakens, into a single film?
What's the difference between a large pepperoni pizza and an Art History degree?
What do you call an escape artist dog?
Which gun has a perfect rating?
A Polish man and a Palestinian woman married and had a son. What was his name?
Why did the double arm amputee unsubscribe from r/jokes?
What do you call the offspring of Rick Ross and an Ostrich?
Did you see that new porno with the invisible man?
What type of music do they play at Chinese Restaurants ?
Why was Adele underneath a cow?
How did the hipster burn his mouth?
Why did Obi Wan not kill Anakin when he had the chance?
Why did chicken cross the road?
What did Hitler invest his money in hand sanitizer?
What's the most embarrassed tree in the forest?
What did the horse say when he regained his vision?
What is Jesus's least favorite gun?
What does a rapist wear to feel sexy?
What happens when you cross and owl with a bungee chord?
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer?
Which nut could pimp the Prince of Darkness?
What has a bottom at its top?
You call comcast and end up speaking to apu in India, how do your problems get fixed?
I have 10 guns. Obama wants 8 of them. How many guns do I have left?
What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas?
I ever tell you about the time I dated a midget?
What does a black guy get after sex?
Want to hear a joke about pizza?
What does a girl want more than anything in the world?
Why can't Donald Trump get elected?
Why do women wear make up and perfume?
What do men and pizza have in common?
What happens when The Past, Present, and Future walk in to a bar?
What's the hardest part of eating a vegetable?
Why doesn't anyone ever add Paul Walker on Xbox?
why do terrorists dislike coffee?
Why is Empire Strikes Back the best Star Wars movie?
Did you hear about the pecan orgy?
What do you call it when crows make noise?
What starts with E, ends with E, and has only 1 letter in it?
What does my penis have in common with JP Morgan Chase and Bank of America?
What's the best part about dating an epileptic?
Did you hear the one about the constipated mathematician?
What do you call a fake noodle?
What do porn viewers and Donald Trump have in common?
How do you get a Baby in a bowl? How do you get it out?
Do you like apples?
Damn girl are you a planet?
Who wants ice cream?
What is the volume of Monica Lewinsky's mouth?
Why can't an IT guy be a doctor?
What is the worst place to hide in a hospital?
What did the dwarf pimp say to the two prostitutes at the beginning of the night?
What kind of trophy do I get every time I lift weights?
World's Funniest Joke?
What's a vampire's fetish?
What do you call a flying Jedi?
What do you call a short, round-bellied Salarian?
What is a Juanito?
What does a man with a 10-inch penis eat for breakfast?
Why did the farmer cross the road?
Why will there never be an Asian president?
How much does a rabbi charge for a circumcision?
What's a neckbeard's favorite asian country?
What is the wettest animal in the forest?
What show depicts a new pair of Jordons getting ruined?
What's a bear's preferred weapon of choice?
What was Bruce Lee's favorite beverage?
What do you call a blind trig function?
Me: Siri, why am I alone?
Why was the priest afraid of trigonometry?
What was Hitler's favourite aquatic animal?
Why could'nt one cat impregnate the other cat??
What did the other vegetables in the garden say when a rumor was going around that two vegetables might start dating?
How do you stop a metal from rusting?
What is the United States doing to fight pedophiles?
Why was the nose running?
What did the doctor say when he saw two fetuses being too affectionate in public?
What type of file would you use to make a small hole bigger?
What do you call a crappy skin cream?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
Why is PMS called PMS?
What do you call a half-white and half-Hispanic baby?
Why didn't Ronda go to Prom?
What fetish does winners hate the most?
How many plates do you need to draw a picture?
Did you hear about Bill Cosby's new biography?
What is the ONLY good trait of pedophiles?
What's the difference between driving in the fog and eating pussy?
Why are Mens bathrooms usually to the left?
What do you call oral sex with a fresh corpse?
What do mormons and tweakers have in common?
How many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs?
What do you call a Mexican who lost his car?
How do you get a Mexican across the border using only math?
What's the difference between David Bowie and porn?
What is an Arabs favorite fighting technique?
What does Tupperware® and a walrus have in common?
Why do thugs play basketball?
How do you make an orphans hands bleed?
why do italian women wear long black gloves?
What's the difference between a gun and a penis?
what's the difference between an elephant and a sicilian grandmother?
What do you call someone with no arms?
What's the difference between a porcupine and a police car?
What's the difference between politics and engineering?
What does a turtle and a pedophile have in common?
What's Bill Clinton's drug of choice?
What do you call a man doing dishes?
What do you call an extroverted snail?
What do you call a dissection performed by drunks?
What's the best thing about having sex with 29 year olds?
Why did Lt. Lenk and Sgt. Colborn cross the road?
Why did the villagers hate Frankenstein?
How's the new Chinese restaurant downtown?
Why are monkeys pedantic?
What does a frog do when it barbecues?
[no spoiler] Why is the BB unit droid not hungry?
Why are dockhands never featured in Miley Cyrus music videos?
Why are there no men's studies classes?
How do you know if someone is a vegan?
Why did the drunk guy call the sheep Legolas?
Are you today's date?
Why David shorted his surname to Hoff?
Why does windows 9 not exist?
Why is the British weather like Islam?
What's round and hard and full of acidic semen?
What do you call two healthcare professionals hanging out?
Do you know how our planet got it's name?
Why do they say "Amen", not "Awomen"?
Wanna hear a joke about a German sausage?
DAE keeps struggling with fitting their shopping cart into a row of parked shopping carts?
what's the hottest pun on the street?
How did Christopher Columbus 'discover' America?
How do you walk a chicken on a leash?
What's the difference between a girl that's praying and a girl that's having a bubble bath?
What is a hipster's favorite element?
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why doesn't God like grapefruit?
What do lawyers wear to court?
When is the closest Leo will get to an Oscar?
Why does Gordon Ramsay always use a condom?
Why are blacks excited for 2016?
How did Obama celebrate his reelection?
Why do midgets laugh when they play soccer?
Why were the Star Wars made IV, V, VI, I, II, III?
Wanna Play Barbies?
Did you hear about the guy who said there were no rivers in Africa?
Can you guess what the hardest part about being a pedophile is?
What did the old zombie dog say when she got a birthday bone?
Know the best part about dead baby jokes?
Wanna hear something fucked up?
What's a somali's favorite sport?
Why is sonic the answer to every google search?
Why was the paranormal convention cancelled?
Did you hear about the sequel to "The Thing"?
Why did the semen cross the road?
If bird-watching is called bird-watching, what do you cal cow-watching?
Why is six such a nervous number?
What's black and sits on top of a staircase?
Why did the circle stop arguing with the two intersecting lines?
What's pink and hard when it goes in, and soft and wet when it comes out?
What is James Bonds code name when he is abroad?
What does a 16 year old girl say in West Virginia?
What do you call a turtle without its shell?
What do you say to a crazy person who's talking to themselves?
What's tall, handsome and muscular?
Did your mom get those plane tickets?
Who is Ric Flair's favorite director?
What's 9 inches long, rock hard, full of semen, and the ladies scream at?
What was Hitler's least favorite sauce?
Wanna hear something ironic?
Weekend special: What has 142 teeths and can hold back the incredible hulk?
whats black and burns?
What has six balls and rapes the poor?
What's E.T. short for?
What's the difference between Gabe Newell and a toddler?
Q: What's long and hard and has cum in it?
What happened to the plant outside the math class window?
How do you call the mexican who lost it car?
What kind of pants does Mario wear?
What did the Hispanic fireman name his two twin sons?
Did you hear about the paranoid print operator?
Why does my computer say Hello?
Did you see that Sargento is going to stop selling shredded cheese?
Were you home Schooled?
I have this song in my head I haven't heard in years. I'm pretty sure it's called "Don't Speak"?
What did the kid ask the Pirate?
Did you hear about the ambidextrous golfer?
Did you know there were vegetarians in Medieval Europe?
Did you hear about the guy who got his entire left side ripped off by a shark?
What's the difference between Jesus and a whore?
What do you call a girl with an hourglass figure?
Why does the philosopher have an automatic car..?
Which area of Zelda: Ocarina of time uses the most resources?
Whats eazy e's favourite drink ?
What' the bare minimum?
Do you know about Bassist heaven?
Why did the banker bee go to prison?
A Dietitian X Nun's favourite song?
What did Bill Cosby say when he was in a bar and he accidentally slipped a pill into one of those drinks you light on fire and then the bartender lit it on fire?
What is the difference between American teen girls and Muslim teen girls?
Why didn't Hitler cross the road?
What does Bill Cosby eat for breakfast?
What is a masochist's favorite condiment?
What's better than roses on your piano?
What did the homeless yogi say when told to leave the yoga studio?
What do you call an sexual intercourse between Nigel Thornberry and The Incredible Hulk?
Where do you drown hipsters?
How many more times will I watch "A Walk To Remember" tonight?
What do you get from a dollar-an-hour hooker?
Why wasn't Christ born in Ireland?
Why don't women like to wear dresses in the winter?
When is a door not a door?
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito?
Have you see the movie constipation?
What is the difference between Bill Clinton and Bill Cosby?
Why did chicken cross the road?
Why did the jalapeno put on a sweater?
Why did the pharaoh retire?
Why are X and Y fascist letters?
What do you do with unruly shapes?
Did you hear that scientists recently discovered a new state of matter?
How did Jack get rich?
Why is the archaeologist depressed?
Knock knock. Who's there? She. She who?
What do you call an exercise group run by Jesus Christ?
What Do You Call An Asian Billionare?
How did the trigonometry teacher, prone to waffling, commit suicide?
What does a southern woman call her period?
Did you guys hear scientist just discovered a new state of matter?
If there's something strange, in your neighborhood, Who ya gonna call?
What did the ghost say when he looked in the beehive?
Why is the mathematician mad?
Why are Lawyers buried forty feet deep when they die?
Who is James Bond's favorite bartender?
How do you tittilate an ocelot?
Why doesn't 'Murica have any knock-knock jokes?
What do you call it when a dinosaur crashes his car?
What made me become a baker?
Ever seen an idiot magnet?
What's green and has wheels?
What room is missing from almost every house?
Where is the most conflict in a loaf of bread?
What do you call a magical Owl?
Why is the archaeologist sad?
Why do writers hate the bible?
What happens when a calculus teacher with one arm can't figure out a proof?
What do you call a gingerbread man with one leg?
What's the difference between an old Greyhound bus terminal and a lobster with 38 D breasts?
What's today's date?
What's the difference between having a boner and being cyberbullied?
Whats the difference between a hospital and a terrorist stronghold?
what is a woman to cant give birth?
What is a gay boxer's favorite drink?
Can a ninja throw any pointy object with lethal accuracy ?
What did the pirate say when he turned 80 years old?
Why did the horse get a divorce?
Why is diarrhea hereditary?
What's red and bad for your teeth?
What size lumber is used to build homes in Dubai?
What's the opposite of drunken noodles?
What is like tomato but better?
How does a mathematician get rid of constipation?
Whats white blue and rectangular?
What will be on the Denny's Menu when ISIS takes over?
What song did Scar sing when he fixed his car horn?
Whats the number one reason for Pedophilia?
Did you guys hear about gay 9/11?
When did 888 equal zero????
What is Forrest Gump's favorite pasta?
What do you call a mexican barber?
Is bb-8 hungry?
Q: What's faster than a black man stealing a T.V?
Why do women like to be on top during sex?
Why did the worker get fired from the hp computer factory?
What do you call a top-ranking Mexican dude that oversees everything?
Why does Luke Skywalker never have trouble getting laid?
What do Polar Bears and Black Men have in common?
How does a 49er fan change a light bulb?
What is Poseidon's favourite shortcut?
How long does it take for a black woman to take the trash out?
What's the hardest part about rollerblading?
What do you call a half-length lightsabre?
How does a blonde turn a light on after sex?
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 12 million illegal immigrants?
What happened when Grandpa went to the strip club?
Did you hear about the fellow whose whole left side was cut off?
What kid blows you and gets you all wet?
Why am I fat?
How many dead hookers does it take to change out the light in my basement?
How many Surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
What's the difference between Jesus Christ and a picture of Jesus Christ?
Q: What's the difference between ginger pussy and a bowling ball?
if 9-5 is a full time job, and 11/4 is a part time job, what's 9-11?
Why is th earth so mean?
What do you call a snake who works in the government?
What kind of car does Bill Cosby drive?
Where do Mormon deer call home?
How can you tell if someone is from Texas?
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping Tom?
How to emberass an acrchaeologist?
What is the name of the restaurant chain that serves sushi burritos?
Did you hear about the misanthropic statistician?
How do you stay warm outside in the winter?
Why did the computer say Hello?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
Did you hear about the deadly fire at the ice cream parlour?
How did Mars feel when the colonists were approaching?
What to hear something funny?
What did one necrophiliac say to the other as they walked by the morgue?
Why is the bottom of the ocean so dark?
What do a pimp and a cowboy have in common?
Why do seagulls fly over the sea?
Why do Chinese only care about themselves?
What instrument does the Irish chemist play?
What do you call slapping hands with (5^.5+1)/2?
Have you ever been camping with a guy who has uncontrollable diarrhea?
What do you call an underwater ride sharing service?
How do Mexican dogs say "hello" when in Japan?
Why didn't the clam share his ipod?
Why do you always see beggars at protests?
What do you call a Mexican after he gets electrocuted?
What did the grizzly bear study at college?
How do you know Satan's barbeque ribs are good?
Did you hear about the Indian guy who opened up a grocery store?
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do Bill Cosby and the Little Dutch Boy have in common?
What's the opposite of shell shock?
Can february march?
What did the little boy with cancer get for Christmas?
Who is the most successful liar in the world?
What is Carrie Fisher's favorite snack?
What is 12 inches long, rock hard and full of semen?
What does a clock do when it's hungry?
Why did the little girl fall off the swing?
What's 6 inches long and 2 inches wide and drives women wild?
How do you circumcise a hillbilly ?
Why do they call it PMS?
What's Caitlyn Jenner's favorite comic book?
Did you ever hear about that movie constipation?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do Pizza Delivery guys and Gynecologists have in common?
What do Ghandi and Mary Poppins have in common?
When do we need airplane noises?
What's 6 inches long and 2 inches wide and drives women wild ?
Why are the police so corrupt?
There is white wine and red wine. Have you heard of the new black wine coming out of California?
What's the difference between your job and a dead prostitute?
What do you call a team of Christian mutant superheroes?
What did Gandalf say when he tried to shut down Auschwitz?
What do you call the armed group in Oregon?
Why did the Ogre cry when he left the doctor's office?
Where does the President keep his armies?
Why do molluscs only think of themselves?
what do you get if you mix a dachsund with a cocker spaniel/ poodle mix?
What's the meaning of life?
A person who knows two languages is called bilingual. Three or more languages; multilingual. What do you call someone who knows one?
Does money shrink when you wash it?
What does Ebenezer Scrooge serve at his Christmas Party?
What does a Jewish cat say at weddings?
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer?
Q: Why was Heisenberg such a bad lover?
Why did Jon Snow wait in line at the Apple store ?
How did Jim Henson die?
How do you know you have a high sperm count?
What is a Jawa's favorite drink?
What is a cowboy's favorite salad dressing?
Who handles font related crimes?
What is the best spanish joke you've ever heard?
Why are there so many Indians working with telemarketing?
How many animals can you fit into a pair of pantyhose?
Why did god give women legs?
What's a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer?
What does a scientist who has an epiphany while peeing say?
How is a Bill Cosby better than Ronda Rousey?
How do attractive men pay for things?
What do you call a cab driver who lost his brakes?
Why can't New Zealanders tell you how many sexual partners they've had?
What did the ninja say to the waiter when asked what to drink?
You know what's way better than an iPod?
What's the difference between a chef and a gay guy?
What is the worst part about having sex with an old woman?
what phone service has the fastest internet?
How did the hipster burn his mouth?
What did the Nihilist whisper into his lover's ear?
What does Harry Potter say after he purchases slaves?
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call the procedure for female to male sex change?
Why do dwarf's laugh while playing football?
Do you think Dr. Seuss' wife liked to be called Ma?
What's the difference between a degree in Theoretical Physics and a theoretical degree in Physics?
How do you become invisible?
Why should you never mention the number 288?
What was Rudolph's nickname?
What Is Brown and Rhymes With Snoop?
What do you get when you combine Bromine with Barium?
What do you call a fake noodle?
What did Buddha say to the Pizza guy?
How do you know its noon on an Apple Watch?
What do you call a basketball player who likes Indian food?
Have you ever eaten ethiopian food?
Which country has the loosest regulations on incest?
How does Father Christmas request a four-way at a brothel?
What kind of shoes does Solid Snake wear?
How many babies does it take to paint a wall?
What's the difference between a coat and jacket?
Why are people afraid to talk to black people?
Why don't cats like online shopping?
How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb?
What did water say when ice farted?
How does the moon cut his hair?
Why did Adele cross the road?
Why was the Muslim rubbing the goat?
What do you call a snobbish criminal going down stairs?
Is BB hungry?
What was the first mention of soccer in the bible?
Who made Lewis and Clark's footwear?
What's 50 Cent's name in Zimbabwe?
How do you circumcise a hillbilly?
How to takeover a friend's wife?
What do you call a metalhead with a cold?
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
What is green, fuzzy and very deadly if it falls on you out of a tree?
What does Ronald Reagan have that Jimmy Carter doesn't?
What did one gay sperm say to the other?
What do the mob and eating pussy have in common?
What does a Mexican say to piss you off?
How much does it cost to kill a Jew?
How did the New Orlean Pelicans get their name?
What part of the vegetable can you not put in a mixer?
Did you hear about the newlyweds who mixed up the lube and window putty?
Do cats stutter?
What is the theme song for the KKK?
You know what's better than having roses on your piano?
How many kids with ADD does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a doctor that graduated at the bottom of their class?
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long?
Why do female skydivers use tampons?
Why can't you fool an aborted baby?
Why do they call it the Star Wars Universe?
Why don't they let blind people sky dive?
What are Mexican hackers called?
What's Isis' favorite race?
What pen company did Lance Armstrong buy?
What is the type of conference that brings together knights and mathematicians?
Do cats stutter?
Why did the rapper die after being shot?
What does Michigan State football and Marijuana have in common?
What is the motto of the French navy?
What animal did they have in concentration camps?
Who was the greatest motherfucker in history?
What has three eyes, three hands, and three legs?
What's the word that starts with 'n', ends with 'r', and you wouldn't ever want to call a black guy?
What do you call an Orangutan, a tortoise and a hamster in cars?
Flying illegally in the animal carriage are really comfortable in a way. Bad side? There're no toilet. Good side?
What did the Jewish father say when his daughter asked for fifty bucks?
What do you call pasta in a poor neighborhood?
Are Ginger Ale made from real gingers?
Are you a magician??
Why are elephants grey?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What is the difference between a rooster and a Hooker?
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off?
What's the best thing about being black?
What do gamers make for New Years?
What did Bill Cosby say when he was arrested?
How do magicians hide their boners?
What is the difference between Windows and the US Goverment?
How many dogs does it take to change a tampon?
How do you sell a deaf guy a frog?
What's the difference between a green elephant and a purple one?
What commercials are the longest?
How do you know a wood pieces history?
What is the most honest vegetable?
What was Hitler's favourite computer game?
Where do you see yourself in 2020?
What if a side effect to laxatives was death?
What kind of wood doesn't float?
Affirmation or irony?
Why do white people hate being called crackers?
What is the only difference between this year and last year?
What do girlfriends and sperm have in common?
Why does Santa have such a big sack?
What does Arnold Schwarzenegger call a colonoscopy?
How was school today?
What do you call a cold hotdog?
What is DJ Khaled's favorite number?
What do you do with a Jew with ADHD?
What happens to a plate made out of cookies when you drop it?
Can you milk these?
Q: How many lawyers does it take to plaster a wall?
What do teachers drink at school?
Why do Jewish men get circumsized?
What do you call a three-humped camel?
What's the real reason Mr. Clean is always smiling?
Why do scuba divers falls backwards off of the boat?
Whats the difference between a priest and acne?
You know what really makes my day?
Why was the Muslim rubbing the goat?
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume?
What did undead Superman say to his date?
How do you cook toilet paper?
What do you call the day before a trip to an otolaryngologist?
Why do Chinese knights have a low rate of survival?
What do you call a rooster drawing sh*t?
Did you know John Lennon was really into bukkake?
What human organ would survive the longest in the hunger games?
Why did Helen Keller only masturbate with her right hand?
Ever hear of the Infinite Monkey Theorem?
Why did Sally the stripper stop dating the guitar player?
Who is the only man to record more knock outs than Mike Tyson?
Why didn't Ronald McDonald like to go fishing?
How do mathematicians solve constipation?
How many people does it take to circumcise a whale?
What kind of music did Jesus hate?
What's the difference between two dicks and a joke?
How can you tell that the movie Martian is not realistic?
Have you heard about the blind hooker?
So, the new year isn't a screen?
Whats all of this fuss about reposts?
Where does a rapists train stop?
War. What is it good for?
Which is better: blind or deaf?
What's the difference between the Amish and a Ferrari?
Do you know which country they only write songs about poverty in?
What does a blonde do when her car endures a hail storm?
An American and a Muslim are at a bar. Who got there first?
Why shouldn't you trust a midget?
Why are there no jehovah's witnesses in Italy?
Why did the horse feel famous on Reddit?
Did you hear about the solider that survived a mustard gas attack and a pepper spray attack?
What's the difference between a drunk and a stoner?
What do you get when you cross the Cosby Show with Law & Order: SVU?
What do people do when a chemist dies?
What do you call a protein that has anger management issues?
How does a neckbeard address a black person?
Q: Why are economists so rarely called out for being the wankers they are?
What's a golf club's favorite type of music?
How many push-ups can Chuck Norris do?
Have you heard of the hysterical TIE fighter squadron?
What playground equipment do kids hate the most?
(Dark humor) what's the difference between a sandwich and a dead baby?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
What's the difference between a famous book by Dickens and a woman who buys fake boobs?
Why are government employees constipated?
Whats the difference between Bob Marley and Heracles?
What type of overalls did Mario wear?
Why is it best to ship boxes using a UPS truck?
How did the pothead propose to his girlfriend?
What do you call a dictionary on drugs?
What do you call a homosexual weight lifter?
What's E.T. short for?
What's the difference between a pig and a ham sandwich?
What's a Jedi's favourite programming language?
How many portuguese people can fit on a scooter?
What's brown and rhymes with 'snoop'?
What did the banana say to the orange?
What do girls always wear to math class?
What did Chewy say after episode VII?
What's the difference between a TV and a newspaper?
What do you call a person who sexually identifies as a Xenomorph?
What do you call a midget psychic wanted for murder?
What do you get when you cross a Mexican and an Asian?
Where did Suzy go during the bombing?
How come you never get into a fart contest with a girls?
What do you call a weed smoker with abs?
Whats the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels?
What do you call a pile of cats?
Did you hear the one about the dyslexic insomniac agnostic?
Why is PTSD like riding a bike?
Did you hear the one about those kids in China?
What do you get when you cross a railroad with a refrigerator?
Why are there no Jews on Jupiter?
What do you call Abe Lincoln having sex?
What do Chinese people call Chinese food?
Which of the Three R's does this subreddit like to do the most?
Why are black people afraid of high fives?
Why do green beans meditate?
What does Darth Vader identify as on Tumblr?
Why did Elliot Rodger kill more men than women?
Why were the students confused by the gay kid's performance in school?
Why don't NFL players wear glasses?
Why don't professional athletes ride bikes to warm-up before games?
What do you call a lousy psychic?
What do you get when you cross peanuts and almonds?
What do you call it when you punch someone with an avocado?
What's the difference between a microwave and anal sex?
Where is the best place to hide a dead body?
Fun fact: Did you know that HIV is Roman for 'high five'?
How do rednecks circumcise a baby?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why is Peter Pan always flying?
Who Has a Chance for the Title: The World's First Gay Ass Motherfucker?
Is this math joke going to be bad?
Why were the two Chinese scientists having trouble cloning a caucasian?
Why do astronomers eat steak before skywatching?
What do you call a boring banana?
If the universe were not absurd, would it make sense?
Whats the difference between 8 dicks and a joke??
What did the spanish fireman name his 2 sons?
How did the Girl Scout Samoa cookies get their name?
What do you call a picture of an electric piano?
What's worse than the Holocaust?
How would Saitama defeat all S class heroes?
What's the difference between a hedgehog and a Jeep?
Why are there no knock knock jokes about America?
How do subscribers of r/jokes like their ribs?
Why was the chess player pregnant?
Wanna hear a joke?
(NSWF) Why did Micheal Jackson go to JC Penny?
Did you hear about the woman who got caught with pot in her fake breasts?
Did you get those pants on sale?
What's the difference between between a piano, tuna, and glue?
How do you circumcise a redneck?
How do you drive a Unitarian out of town?
What's the difference between a dirty bus-stop and a Lobster with boobs?
How do Jewish mothers prevent wrinkles?
What's E.T. short for?
Why did the sperm cross the street?
Who is the best Podracer in Star Wars?
What's the difference between a hotel and a lodge?
What is a ghost's favorite type of porn?
What do you give an actor playing the role of an angry street gang member?
Why did my family serve Eggs Benedict on a hubcap for Christmas breakfast?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
Why should you always invite mushrooms to your parties?
What do pirates call fat whores?
What did Michael Jackson ask his father's mother when she slipped and fell to the ground?
Why do Native Americans hate snow?
What's the difference between spinach and sodomy?
Why do you never wanna see an elevator in a horror game?
What is Kim Jong Un's favourite video game?
Why did Waldo go to therapy?
What do you call it when a pimp catches a roomful of hookers snorting coke?
What did the martini say when someone put a toothpick in it?
Did you here they opened a pasta joint in hell?
What did the yoga teacher say to her land lord when he tried to evict her?
What's the difference between a Congolese basketball player and a French toddler locked up in a pedophile ring's rape dungeon?
Where was Soloman's temple located?
How do you know if you're in a French Village?
What do you get when you cross and owl with a bungee chord?
What do you call a gay Chocobo?
What do you call a foot doctor, curled up in a ball on the floor?
Hey, you know why goldfish are the only snack that smiles back?
Have you heard about that new dating app for serial killers?
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary?
How do you kill a clown?
Why didn't the principal of the school for the blind allow his students to go duck-hunting?
What do you call an overweight psychic?
Why ya going to the airport?
What do Volkswagen and a boy going through puberty have in common?
Why were the bakers hands brown?
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other?
How do you circumcise a Trump supporter?
What has 5 arms and rocks?
How do you get a fat lady in a car?
What do you get if you play a country music song backwards?
Have you heard the one about the 10 apples and 8 of them were good?
Why did Elton John have to go to hospital after the Queen concert?
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the Moon?
Why was the topologist confident about performing a vasectomy?
What's worse than finding half a worm in an apple?
why do indians hate snow?
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals?
What do you call a Roman with a wet mustache and a smile?
Why can't the bicycle stand on its own ?
What does Miller Light and having sex in a canoe have in common?
What's DJ Khaleds favourite number?
What does Green Day say before bed?
Did you know that each condom has a serial number printed on it?
Is there any Indian left?
What do you call an Chinese family with a pet dog?
What's the one thing pacifism and Hinduism have in common?
Why is Santa so jolly?
What is an extremist's favourite thing to have sex with?
What do you call a person who supports abortion yet believes it's murder?
Are you a mixologist?
What do you call a dentist gunfighter?
Why are oceans called "The High Seas"?
What do you call a person who kills babies and gets paid for it?
How do you stop a dog from barking in July?
How did the farmer find the sheep in the tall grass?
Why was the juice company losing customers?
The Revenant: How do you call a scalped Leonardo DiCaprio?
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon?
How does Harry Potter go down a hill?
What do you call an anti-social black man?
Why Do Jews Make Good Philosophers?
What's worse than lime?
What happened to the gay dude whose lover kicked him out his house?
Why did Erdogan stop a man from jumping off a bridge?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
Why can't the homeless ever get by in America?
Why is Santa so Jolly?
Whats brown and rhymes with snoop?
Why did Adele cross the road?
Why did Arnold Schwarzenegger inspire George W Bush to become president?
What's the only thing that grows in Oakland?
Why do you wrap gophers in electrical tape?
You hear the one about the 13 inch ruler?
Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
How do you tell the time in the US?
Do you love sex?
What did the french baker ghost said?
What do a priest and a Christmas tree have in common?
Why did Hitler kill himself?
Did you hear Chewbaca won the NFL MVP his first year in the league?
Why can't you trust stairs?
You remember those yardsticks?
When can you store food in a door?
What's long and hard and full of "SEE-MEN"?
What did the Zune say to the iPod?
What do you get when you throw a Canadian down a flight of stairs?
What's the difference between an elected official and a piece of garbage?
What is an amputees favorite movie?
What did the three-legged horse do when it started to rain?
What jedi is the best at opening PDF files?
What do you call a group of black people?
Why can Unicorns only be ridden by a adult female virgin?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What happened in China on Christmas?
Why don't we elect fat presidents any more?
What's the worst news for a NASCAR driver before a race?
Why are dyslexia kids scared of Christmas?
Why is the iPhone 6 the coolest smart phone around?
How do snowmen get around?
How many Americans does it take to change a light bulb?
How is the 85 year old Contractor that survived lung cancer doing?
Why did the T-Rex fail his business project?
Why did the Tumblr killed the Reddit fan?
What do you call it when you lobotomize a bunch of terrorists?
Why can't Emma Watson ever play Hermione Granger again?
What do you get if you cross a shark with a snowman?
Why was the vegetable store robber embarrassed?
What do you call a child afraid of Santa?
What do you call a pansexual guy named Nick who works at a cd store?
Why Do Farts Smell?
Why did the monkey fall of the tree?
What do they sing at a snowman's birthday party?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What did Trump say to Obama?
Why does Santa have such a big sack?
What did Hitler dream of during the holidays?
What do you call an elf that sings?
What do the lady reindeer do on Christmas eve?
Why do Yoda's jokes always suck?
What do you call someone who would do *anything* for a chocolate snack cake?
What do they call shrimp killing a bunch of other shrimp?
Why do Scottish men wear kilts?
Q: Why does vegan cheese taste bad?
What did the A/C unit say when it suddenly turned on?
What happened why the grape was squished?
How can you smuggle 500 Jews across the border in one car?
How can you tell when a fax has been sent by a blonde?
What do you call a night watchman with deep-set self-esteem issues?
What game do M Night Shymalan's family play at Christmas?
How did the blind man know Santa was in his house?
What do you call a person who likes white rice, and not brown rice?
What did the blind man say when he walked into the fish market?
What did the Roman say when the Greek accused him of stealing his gods?
What do you call 4 condoms?
What do you call Sting 5 minutes ago?
Where does Santa go on vacation?
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow-woman?
Why doesn't Santa Clause have any kids?
Why does Santa Claus like to go down the chimney?
I wonder if poor kids in Africa dream of a white christmas?
First sign of your mother not loving you?
What does a clock do when it's hungry?
I met an elderly at the park and asked him what was going on?
What do US Jews call Santa?
What do the female reindeer do when they want some fun?
What is Santa’s motto?
Did you hear about the guy who drowned in a glass of Ribena?
What do you call a fast zombie?
How did Peter Parker know Mary Jane was cheating on him?
Why was Santa upset when he got a sweater for Christmas?
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord?
How tall is Luke Skywalker?
Why is santa's sack so big?
Who is your Grandma's favorite politician?
What do you call movie night at Bill Cosby's house?
What did the president with erectile function say when he was caught sleeping with his nymphomaniac secretary?
What do a Christmas tree and a Priest have in common?
Why couldn't the skeleton cross the road?
Why can't you give bad news to someone on the Moon?
Why Is Reddit Called Reddit?
What do you call two lesbians in a canoe?
What’s the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms?
Why did the BDSM store get behind on its shipments?
How do you know Santa Claus is married?
Did you hear the one about the guy who had to go to the ER with six toy horses in his anus?
What us the difference between white, brown and black people?
Wanna come over and play Jenga?
What do black people and bikes have in common?
What is Donald Trump's favorite Christmas song?
How do you blind an Asian?
Why does doctor pepper come in a can?
How do you call a whores pubic hair?
What do Aids, Syphilis and Chlamydia have in common?
What's worse than a moron?
What's it called when you commission someone to make an animated image for your girlfriend but he pockets the money and disappears?
What do you call a lesbian with fat fingers?
How do you react when looking in the mirror?
What do you call five black people having sex?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What is the direct competitor for Dungeons and Dragons?
Why don't you see Santa for the rest of the year?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
Why is Santa Claus always a man?
What cologne do engineers wear?
Where do twin lesbians party?
How do you get to the top of a weather beacon?
When is Independence Day 2 coming out?
Why did I go to the dentist at an Indian Reservation?
Why can't two even numbers be together?
What does the train say as its heading toward Auschwitz?
What is the safest place in the galaxy?
What do you call the child of two redheads?
What did the 0 say to the 8?
Why did the black man wear a suit to his vasectomy?
How do you know when a vampire is sick?
Have you heard about the one-armed super hero?
Why do men with prostate issues have issues stealing video game systems?
Why were Jeremy Clarkson's colleagues excited to try his mulled wine?
Q: Why is air a lot like sex?
Did you hear about the amazing new prosthetic device for paraplegics?
How do you stop a lawyer from drowning?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call Apple's next beauty product?
What did Anakin Skywalker cry out as he lay dying and on fire?
Why do some Italian Christmas cakes cause so much trouble?
Why didn't the Germans eat their Christmas cake?
Do you want to hear a trick to get a head in life?
Where did Santa meet his wife?
Why did the tennis player get thrown out of his workshop?
What are your favorite jokes for the Holidays?
What a plates scared off?
Did you know the anthem of the USA is about a Mexican immigrant?
What does Eminem think about Trump?
What do you call a law enforcement agency that refuses to buy it's own vehicles?
What do little green men do to stay in shape?
The father of Mike Davidson, what's his full name?
What do you call a buffet that only serves steaks?
What's the difference between broccoli and cat poop?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
How do turtles communicate?
What 2 things do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common?
What do you call a herd of cows masturbating?
What's worse than a worm in your apple?
What's the difference between a small bird?
What’s the difference between a G-spot and a golf ball?
Why did the butcher get fired?
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam?
What do you call it when you torture corn to death?
What kind of magic does a love-struck giraffe practice?
How is Islam like a GPS?
How does Darth Vader know what Luke is getting for Christmas?
What's a shopaholic's favourite boy band?
What’s the difference between your wife and your job?
What is Chipotle most known for?
What do you call a law enforcement agency that refuses to buy it's own vehicles?
How did the Kentucky woman know her daughter was on her period?
What’s long and hard and full of semen?
What do the Mafia and pussies have in common?
What does the sign on an out-of-business brothel say?
What's the difference between a chick and a woman?
If you put a crown on a donkey, will he be king?
What did the Ice Cream say to the Birthday Girl?
Why are people who vape always trying to chase after bigger clouds?
Why aren't ants going to church?
What is Soulja Boy's favorite type of Christmas song??
What does a Chinese gay man have for dinner?
Do you know what the Steve Harvey autobiography is called?
What do you call an epileptic in the garden?
Why do women wear make up and perfume?
What's the difference between Santa Claus and Tiger Woods?
Why don't bunnies make noise when they have sex?
How does every racist joke start?
Whats brown and rhymes with snoop?
Why does Saudi Arabia have so much oil?
When does John Cena get scared?
Whats is long and black?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
Why did the crow go to the gym?
Why are fire trucks red?
Why do Jewish girls love circumcised dicks?
What goes 99 clonk, 99 clonk, 99 clonk?
How does Trent Reznor's mom hang up his Christmas stocking?
Why is it that the winner of the Miss Universe contest always comes from earth?
Why don't you see hippos hiding in trees?
How does the astronaut cut his hair?
What do you do with a dead scientist?
What goes 30 miles per hour and smells like curry?
Did you hear about the girl with twelve nipples?
Why can't Jewish girls be basic?
What do we have for dinner? Wookie steak. Is it any good?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What did the Jewish paedophile say to the kid?
Why didn't the boxer cross the road?
What did the lawyer say after the short trial?
Did you hear about the girl with twelve nipples?
Why did the console gamer cross the road?
Have you seen the new Broadway production about the dictionary?
You want to hear a funny joke?
What has five arms, three legs and a head?
Why did the chicken droid NOT cross the road?
What does Santa listen to while delivering presents?
What did the bra say to the hat?
Did you hear the joke about the piece of paper?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What do you call the injury a black guy gets after he gets punched in the eye?
What do you do when ISIS attacks?
What's the difference between a formally-dressed man riding a unicycle and a casually-dressed man riding a bicycle?
What do you call a beaten up pretzel?
Which is the best kind of dinosaur to play hide & seek with?
What's the hardest part about fucking a cripple?
What do cats eat in the summer?
Why would the Holocaust have failed if the victims were Islamic?
What do you call a blonde white guy with blue eyes who is an experienced soldier and who works with sick animals?
Why is Jar Jar Binks so lonely?
Why did the smart phone eat a lot?
What makes rock stars great campers?
What car does Boba Fett drive?
What do you call an obnoxious potato?
You remember the singer Gotye?
Why did the chicken fall into the well?
What is the internal temperature of a tauntaun?
What do you call a blowjob from a short person?
What did the Invisible Man's mom say after he came out as invisible?
Wanna hear a joke?
How do you know if Buzzfeed article is stolen?
What's the difference between a onion and a prostitute?
Whats the first thing you do when you spill something on your keyboard?
When is a rabbi dishonest?
What did the reindeer wear to protect itself while Santa was watering the garden?
What does a unionized hooker say when she is done work for the day?
What do you call meat that is on sale for half off in the south?
What do you get when you cross a mountain climber and a mosquito?
How did Michael Jackson pick his nose?
What do you call political yeti?
Why can't witches have babies?
Why did Anakin kill all the younglings?
What does the sign on an out-of-business brothel say?
Why is. Dr.Dre's Headphones so popular?
What do you call an illegal wristwatch trade?
how do you keep an asshole in suspense?
Did you hear the one about the deaf guy?
What did the ghost say to the bees?
How many passive aggressive people does it take to change a light bulb?
Why is air a lot like sex?
What do you call a bench with white people?
What did one plumber say to the other plumber?
What did the moderator say to the redditor?
What does a War Boy from Mad Max say when he goes to court to sign an affidavit?
Whats your best dad joke?
With Christmas just around the corner, what's your favourite christmas themed joke?
What do you call a girl who likes men with small d**ks?
What did the pervert get for Christmas?
What caveman say when he get hurt?
What do you call a iPhone 6S when its out of memory?
How do you confuse a straight person?
What do you call a colorful nipple?
How many Libertarians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What is the most popular social media form at Hogwarts?
How do you know when your at a gay bbq?
Whats the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
Whats the only thing two Jewish men can agree on??
What is Zack Morris's favorite type of word?
Why doesn't Santa have any kids?
What do you call a Mexican walking on the moon?
Why don't men like going Downtown with women?
What's a crusader's favourite drink?
Q: Why is air a lot like sex?
What did one lesbian frog say to the other?
What sways from side to side?
How do Russians put windows in?
What's the difference between a white Jew and a black Jew?
Since it's so close to Christmas: Why did Kim Bauer hate Christmas?
What do you call a Psychic Midget who escaped from prison?
What did the Olive say when it fell off the table?
Why should white blood cells never discuss God?
What did Pontius Pilate say to Jesus?
How do you confuse a gay person?
What do a Christmas tree and a priest have in common?
What do you call a surfer who loves Muhammad?
[SPOILER] Who is going to die in the new Star Wars?
What do porn stars and prostitutes say when they wake up in the morning?
How many redditors does it take to change a lightbulb?
What is the rudest part of the body?
Why does Jesus like Japanese food?
"Why can't a Christmas tree walk?
What's the brightest airship ever made?
What is a terrorist's favorite board game?
My wife asked me what I wanted to eat that's fast and easy?
How long does it take for a black woman to take a shit?
What do you call a group of racist mathematicians?
What foreplay does the praying mantis girlfriend enjoys ?
Did you hear about the murderer in India?
What do a pair of briefs and a cheap hotel have in common?
How many millennials does it take to change a light-bulb?
Did you hear about the electron going through an existential crisis?
What do you call a hilarious ghost?
How do you catch a unique rabbit?
What is Beethoven's favorite fruit?
How do you catch an elephant?
What do Santa and Jared from Subway have in common?
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg?
Why does Hillary Clinton want to have sex with Bill Clinton first thing in the morning?
What does Jim Jones and Saitama have in common?
What's the difference between a whore and a prostitute?
What's the fastest way to piss off a Starwars fanboy?
Why did the father of the asian couple know the baby was not his?
Why did Chewbacca turn down Princess Leia?
Why did the baker have stinky hands?
Want to hear a Star Wars joke?
How Can Atheists Make Money, and Get Free Food?
How do you piss off winnie the pooh?
How are relationships like algebra?
Why was Santa upset he got a sweater for Christmas?
Why are pirates always angry when they go to the restroom?
What did the homeless got for Christmas?
Whats brown and rhymes with Snoop?
Can I Bring a Playmate?
Why was Santa sacked two days before Christmas?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
Why don't you ever say a joke about Jesus to a Christian?
[begin metajoke] What did the drunk Chinese customer say to the bartender?
Why was Mrs. Clause's stocking full on December 21st?
Why is 'The Game' the most powerful rapper?
what do you call a mentally unstable ursine that lives in the antarctic?
Whats the difference between a baby and a bag of cocaine?
Did you hear about the new housing being built where dwarves can live at no charge?
You know why it’s women and children first off of a sinking ship?
How does an ugly guy get the girl?
How do you ruin a date with Princess Leia?
How many Mennonites does it take to change a light bulb?
How many metal heads does it take to change a light bulb?
How is working in I.T. like being a wizard?
How many germans does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many atheists does it take to change a lightbulb?
How much do I trust reddit?
What's the difference between a Harley Davidson and a Hoover vaccuum?
do you know why the chameleon couldn't change colors?
What do you call gas from the human body that NASA could impliment into fuel for their technology in the future?
How can you tell a golf course is owned by Donald Trump?
Why was Mary's phone bill so high?
What do you call a person with a meat pastry on their ear?
What do you call a black Asian bird?
How did the Greek army separate the men from the boys?
What's the worst part about getting raped by an eskimo?
What do you call a Nun who is moving?
Why did the hick move to a toxic waste dump after winning the lottery?
Why did the stoner eat cannabis-infused chocolate laxatives?
What do you end up with when your pig smokes pot?
Where does Chewbacca research his college essays?
Why should you never fight a dinosaur?
What's a difference between snowmen and snowwomen?
What state is the highest on every top 50 list?
What do you call a Sith lord who refuses to fight?
How Can Athiests Make Money and Get Free Food?
Why does Ed Miliband like advent calendars?
How do you make beef stew?
Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill?
Did you hear the guy who invented predictive text has died?
Why did the genie turn the man into a toad?
What do you call people who worship paper bags?
What do Han and Chewbacca use to communicate?
Why are Redditors naturally great at swordfighting?
What does a sheep call a film it doesn't like?
What do you get when your iPhone auto-corrects "lardass"?
What's the best knock knock joke you know?
Why was the leper hockey game cancelled?
ELI5: If cats are lactose-intolerant, how did we come to the belief that giving cats milk = good? Or asked differently; how is it that cats (seemingly) enjoy - to the level of demanding it - milk?
What gets really high in Colorado?
Why is Harry Potter so popular?
What's the difference between Olive Garden and Reddit?
What do you call an Irish guy who can't keep off the weight?
Why is China so politically in bed with Africa?
How do you eat the Flesh Hounds?
What do Brussels sprouts and pubic have in common?
Why were the Indians here first?
Did you hear, John Wayne Bobbit got his penis cut off again?
Did you hear about the microbiologist who travelled around the world?
What is a fishes favorite kind of sandwich?
Why was the girl in such a bad mood when she got out of jail?
How do you tell if Lady Gaga is dead?
What did the mole hill say to the mountain?
What happens if you steel?
What kind of Aircraft is into Men and Women?
What animal has exactly 12 grams of carbon?
Which phone??
Did you hear about the overly-eager bread dough?
What do you call two Canadians buy coffee?
What do you call a crazy professor?
Why does Santa have such a big sack?
What's the difference between rape and necrophilia?
What did the rich bearded slave owner say when he was stranded in the Negav desert and saw a mirage of an Arabian lamp and rubbed it?
What is a double amputee's favorite video game?
If a guitar player is a guitarist, and a piano player is a pianist, what's the term for someone who plays the banjo?
Do you remember your first blow job?
Why did the fish blush?
Which Knight invented the Round Table?
Did you hear about the fight at the homeless camp yesterday?
What does RoboCop use for fuel?
What's the best music to listen to while stoned?
What did the programmer from the biker gang say?
What's another name for dick pics?
What do you call Central Florida?
Why are there no black RV'ers?
What do you call a group of trees?
What do you call a (insert racist minority slur here) on a brand new bicycle?
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs on your front porch?
What kind of porn does Smurfette make?
Why do the lawyers for the reindeer say they have to pull Santa's sled?
What do you call a 2nd grader with no friends?
What did the poplar tree say to the weeping willow?
How is Jesus different from other carpenters?
What's the difference between deer nuts and beer nuts?
What's Thor's favourite piece of clothing?
Do you know the difference between a dildo and a chair?
Why was the snowman smiling?
What did Anakin give to Padme for christmas?
What's an avocado's favorite music?
What do you call a smiley face if someone uses it that lives in an igloo?
Where did the general put his armies?
Did you know Helen Keller had a male roommate?
How do you make a hormone?
Why do some people think Jesus was black?
What's a thoughtful person's favourite dip?
What do you call a sad asparagus?
Change sentence to tense?
What was the pornstar doing in school?
What do you call a daredevil Gigolo with dwarfism?
Why can't Gingers sing RnB music?
What do you call a Mexican midget?
Why is North Korea so depressing?
What do Italians do when they're waiting for somthing?
How did Satan turn an unbeliever holy?
Why do people get divorced in the holiday season?
How can you tell if a good ole boy from North Carolina is married?
What do you get when you cross the devil with a Donald Trump impersonator?
What do you get when you combine a pun and a rhetorical question?
What do you call a court case in which an immigrant is suing over sexual harassment?
You know what makes me angry?
What do you get with breaking news?
What's the same about Christmas and work?
What do you call a conversation between two people who are pooping?
Why do children cry when they find out Santa isn't real?
When/If Scotland becomes independent, what will the national currency be called?
What do you call an old-school CIA agent who believes his work is none of the public's goddamn business?
How do you shut Donald Trump up?
Why was 6 happy to see 7?
You're in a heavily guarded room with walls all around you, and you only have a mirror and a table. How do you get out?
What did the scientist say when he discovered the lowest possible temperature?
What do you call a mentally challenged feather pillow?
How do you know Adam and Eve weren't Chinese?
Why are Ethopians so fit?
What kind of condoms do frogs wear?
Who is Shrek's favorite basketball player?
What did the tsundere degree say to the radian?
How many American presidents does it take to change a broken lightbulb?
Why are hairdressers never late for work?
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off?
Wanna hear a joke about Reddit?
What does the KKK use to bake cookies?
Where does Santa go for a sexy carwash?
What's the difference between acne and a priest?
Why did the ghost get in the elevator?
How does a penguin keep itself hydrated?
What do you call Virgin Mobile?
What kind of cheese would you use to disguise a small horse?
Whats the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo bean?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What is the difference between a bachelorette party and Cirque du Soleil?
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building?
What do you call four drowning spanish teachers?
Whats you favorite Christmas joke?
What's the best thing about an Ethiopian blowjob?
What's Paul Walker's favorite drink?
Why is Chewbacca bad at sports?
What do you call a developmentally challenged member of the ruling elite?
What did the spanish teacher say to his one student, who was a member of the cartel?
Why did Moohamad eat his wives out so much?
Why are Americans so "fat and ugly"?
Is Google a male or a female?
What did the engineer say to the flood?
Why do moslem girls love black guys?
How do two lawyers greet each other?
If pro is the opposite of con, then what is the opposite of progress?
Why will you never see a politician at your Concealed Weapons Permit class?
Why is it important for pious Moslem girls to wear the hi.jab?
What's the difference between a quarter and a nickel?
What do you call a dinosaur that practices Islam?
What do you call the woman on the end of a line?
What do you call a whore house with only men?
Who was the dankest dictator of all time?
Why is it important for pious Muslim girls to wear the hijab?
What happened to the pie dish that got arrested?
How did ISIS do on their French exam?
Why is Santa always jolly?
Does your dick touch your asshole?
How can you tell that someone's a vegan?
Whats the devil's favorite meal?
What is 6.9?
Why was Yoda afraid of 7?
How do you help someone with ADD or ADHD?
Did you know that diarrhea is hereditary?
What's the hardest part to eat when eating a vegetable?
Why are there so many Smiths in the phone book?
Why are Americans so bad at League of Legends?
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish?
Why doesn't Santa have any children?
You hear the one about the two guys who stole the calendar?
What do you call a group of scientologist almonds?
How did the toad feel in the morning?
What type of computer sings well?
How did ISIS do on their French test?
Did you know Thailand has a military?
What do you say to someone who just uttered a tired, old reddit catch-phrase?
How do you make holy water?
How did the bottle of whiskey laugh?
Why do Storm Troopers like churchs?
Why can't you checkmate a christian?
What happens to illegally parked frogs ?
What did the terrorist send in the mail?
What do you call someone who has irrational and prejudiced views against motor races?
Damn girl, are you an alarm clock?
What do you call someone who speaks two languages?
what do you call 6.02 X 10^23 atoms of avocado dipping sauce?
What holiday does a Jewish stoner celebrate in December?
How many gay guys does it take to flip a car?
Do you whats amazing?
How many Grateful Dead fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's long and hard, except for Asians?
What's the most capable element?
What religion is Santa?
Why does coffee take so long to make in a purcolator?
Where does the brown sugar go to watch a movie?
What's black and blue all over and hates sex?
How do they calculate global warming?
Do you know; what is the best thing to put on a delicious cake?
Mike Tyson asks you: How do you think the unthinkable?
Why do you never see black people on cruises?
what is a vegetable's favorite singer?
What do Australian terrorists say before attacking?
Why do Russians always wear track suits?
When is your door annoying?
What dries your clothes but can also make you writhe around in agony?
What's the 6 things that's white on a black guy?
Honey, can we eat the nougat ?
Why did the can crusher quit his job?
What does an elephant say when it kidnaps someone?
Did you hear about the Christmas Party in San Bernadino?
What was the gay Swedish guys favorite thing to do?
How are Cigarettes like Hamsters?
Why did the terrorists have to blow up a Paris nightclub?
Have you ever tried Ethiopian food?
Why was the tomato red?
Why did Sally fall off the swing?
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Adolf Hitler?
Why do jews have so big noses?
What did Santa say when he was in the strip club?
How long does it taken for a black woman to take a shit?
You guys want to hear a racist joke?
What do you call a pack of sorority girls who aren't in law school?
What's long and hard on a black guy?
What do you get when you mix a rat and an elephant?
Why does the Brotherhood of Steel from Fallout hate '80s music?
What was Pablo Escobar's favourite pool party game?
What are your guys' best Cards Against Humanity answers?
What instrument was Donald Trump named after?
How do you deal with radical Islamists?
How does Donald Trump plan to expel all Muslims from the county?
What did the rat say to the cat?
How many people can ride on a bird?
What is Donald Trump thinking?
What's the difference between the Serengeti and the White House?
What does the weather do when Hitler's around?
Why should you never take a shower with a pokemon?
Two kittens are on a sloped roof. Which one slides off first?
What do you call a Redneck Blind Reindeer?
What is the most complicated "Your Momma" joke you know?
Did you hear about the guy who had ADD and schizophrenia?
Why do you call the US government when a blizzard of secret information gets released?
What is the national vegetable of Germany?
Why does the nazi love to bring his jewish friend to indian restaurants?
Why was Harry Potter hufflepuffed after his date with Hermione?
why was the 6 month old African baby crying?
A Christmas joke for you: Where do snowmen go to dance?
What's E.T short for?
Why do women love Satan?
Who died and left the US in charge?
How is Santa like a paedophile?
Why do Asians squint with their eyes?
What's the difference between a round piece of plastic and a babies head?
Why did the anorexic cow take great offense when the farmer wished him Merry Christmas?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
What do you call two fake number fours next to each other?
How do Jews celebrate Christmas?
Ever heard of the movie Constipation?
Did you know they were trying to ban MSG?
Why do so many Italian men wear mustaches?
How do hipsters talk about shoes?
Why did the scarecrow get an award?
What kind of food can you color with?
Dad: Did you get gas?
Have you heard about the dating site for radical jihadists?
What's a good thing about a novelist conman?
What did the big chimney say to the little chimney?
What's the difference between the IRS and Jared Fogle?
What did the Muslim bring to the Holiday party?
What does a KKK member wear to a business meeting?
You know the difference between a chick pea and a garbonzo bean?
What comes after 69?
What does it mean if holy water sizzles when it hits your skin?
Why is Toblerone shaped like a triangle?
Why did the bear dissolve in water?
Why are so many Italian men named Tony?
What happens to your car insurance if you don't notify them that you've wrecked a car?
What did one lesbian vampire say to her lover?
What do you call an alligator wearing a vest?
What happens to the water level in the aquarium when one of the fish dies?
What do you call a dead guy hanging on your wall?
Why do some writers have a hard time graphing equations?
YOU KNOW WHAT THE BEST PART OF BEING ADDICTED TO METH IS?!?
How often does Mary see her special friend?
Why should the Pope play NBA basketball?
Why do they want to change the faces on dollars but not on coins?
Why did the girls in *Requiem for a Dream* go ass to ass?
What is the favorite Christmas Carol of the Aryan brotherhood?
What do you call a seagull who's smart enough not to eat its own poop?
How do you call a black guy that uses testosterone boosters?
Is Google male or female?
How do gingers make friends?
What do you call a fly without wings?
What do you call a skinny, Islamic cow?
Who is Hitlers worst nightmare?
If you woke up in the woods with your pants around your ankles and vaselene all over your ass, would you tell anyone?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Is it true that you can get an STD from public toilets?
How British is Adele ?
What do you call a fat guy, from New Orleans, that never tells the truth?
What does a gay guy say when he can't remember?
What is the hardest thing in driving through a field of babies?
How do you know when it is raining cats and dogs?
What's a capitalist's favourite dessert?
Did you hear about the transvestite?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
Why did the kids not want to eat their pbj sandwiches?
How does Tinkerbell pleasure herself?
What was the #1 summer blockbuster, according to Cat Fancy magazine?
Who was the most well rounded knight of Arthur's round table?
You hear that Adele married a farmer?
What does Team Rocket and a Peeping tom have in common?
Damn girl, are you a calculator?
Why don't married men live as long as single men?
What's the difference between a badminton birdie and 'Netflix & chill' on a microfiber couch?
What Came Before The Big Bang?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What's the ultimate Jewish dilemma?
What do poor countries already have but also receive?
What do you call the entrance to a whorehouse?
Why do Muslims like Sex dolls?
Hear about the white guy in the NBA?
What do you call a kid with no legs, no arms and an eyepatch?
How do you solve world hunger and poverty simultaneously?
What do you call an Arabic photo-sharing porn app?
What does a blonde and a tornado have in common?
Whats a hippies favourite weather?
The reason Santa is so Jolly?
What do Spiderman and I have in common?
Why are Jewish men circumcised?
How many Grateful Dead fans does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb?
why do seals swim in salt water?
How did the farmer find his daughter?
Why did the one-eyed pirate run his ship aground?
How does the Moon get its haircut?
Wanna hear a joke?
Why is it impossible to surprise a snowman?
How many kids with ADHD does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What did the monkeys say when they saw the Northern Lights?
What will happen if people just stop trying altogether?
What did PSY say when he choked on a burger?
What do you say to a black guy selling drugs?
What does a drunk police officer do?
What should you call someone with a different color of skin than your own?
How do you catch a whale?
What do you call a fat psychic?
Why should you never date a tennis player?
What do you call 4 lepers in a jacuzzi?
How did Jesus lose his virginity?
What's the difference between an Arab and an American wife?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why is it bad to be an African American Jew?
What does 90 year old Pu$$y taste like?
What do you call three brothers taking acid together?
Do you know what's black and doesn't work?
What do you call a made-up orange?
want to hear a honest joke?
Why do black people like to "whip" when dancing?
How does every racist joke start?
What happens when you sing a country music song backwards?
Wanna hear a racist joke?
What's more annoying on the internet, a troll or spam?
Mom I am 15 now, can I finally wear a bra?
Why Did The Chicken Cross The Road ???
Whats the difference between a pizza and a jew?
What do you do if a black man is harassing you?
What version of Counter-Strike do feminists get?
What did the Jewish pedophile say to the kid?
How does every racist joke start?
What's the best way to get bubblegum out of your hair?
What did Hitler ask the Jewish boy who was playing with an ashtray?
What's big and round and full of seamen?
Did you hear the one about the perfume store?
Why does the prosecutor only choose jurors who drive Hummers?
What word starts with an 'F' and ends in 'K' that means a lot of heat and excitement?
What do u call a Mexican with a rubber toe?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What's the difference between a black person and a bench?
Why are sewer covers called manholes?
Have you heard of Eats Unwanted Leftovers Man?
What’s so good about an Ethiopian blow job?
What did Santa said when he ran into the 3 prostitutes?
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his kids?
What do Gingers and Extinct Dinosaurs have in common?
What's the difference between a boy scout and a jew?
What happens when you are banned on a muslim server?
What's the difference between a fly and a bird?
Why don't people name their kids 'Napoleon'?
Why does Hollywood loveee to hire British Actors?
Why did D.R.E. call his headphones Beats?
What is the most prudent thing to do when someone is having an epileptic seizure in a hot tub?
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall?
What do music producers eat for breakfast?
What are a mathematician's five favourite numbers?
What do you call a hippopotamus that's a gigalo?
What did the U.S airdrop the the children of Syria?
How does a black woman fight crime?
What did the losing army call the Greeks?
What did the tuba say to the clarinet?
What's the hardest part about a fat nun's job?
What's Malcolm X's favorite Mountain Dew flavour?
What the difference between an IS training camp and a primary school?
What did one tampon say to the other?
Why don't blind people bungee jump?
Who was Japan's favorite racist comedian?
Why don't blind people bungee jump?
How can you tell if an American has a conceal carry permit?
Where do Jedi go to get inked?
What is round and hates French people?
Which number confuses people?
What color was George Washington's white horse?
Did you know Stalin got hit in the groin with a potato when he was young?
What is white and lies in the grass?
Why do the Japs like Sony?
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
Why did Adele cross the road?
Why do Jews never deck the halls on christmas?
What is my dentist's favorite indie band?
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Disney Movies ?
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose?
Why'd the band teacher go to jai?
Where's Finnick?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What did the pre-school math teacher have to say about her students?
How do you blow up a Muslim's phone?
What did the snowman say when he got coal for Christmas?
What do you call a Muslim husband who beats his wife?
What do black people and bikes have in common?
What's the difference between roast beef and pea green soup?
How many Germans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call 5 black guys on a stage?
Why does NASA drink sprite?
Have you heard about the Oscar Pistorius drinking game?
What do you call an alcoholic with Parkinson's?
What do redditors and litterers have in common?
What is the most dangerous thing in america ?
If you're riding a horse at full speed along side a giraffe and a lion is chasing you, what do you do?
What's the difference between a Christmas star and a bad pickling job?
My son asked me this morning what self-reference meant?
You hear about the new radio talk/comedy show in the Middle East ... ? Isis in the Morning ?
What kind of overalls does Mario wear?
What do you call cold chili?
What's a orphans favorite ice cream flavor?
What did the son get his father for christmas?
Where do singing seahorses live?
What is another word for a rap battle?
Why was the doctor in a hurry to move to the big city?
why was 6 afraid of 777?
How do you make your girlfriend cry while having sex?
Why is acne better than a catholic priest?
Why do gays want to join the military so badly?
What did Jesus said to his girlfriend in the morning?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
Why did Adele cross the road?
Why do scuba divers fall into the water backwards off the boat?
Why is 7 afraid of 6?
Who is the most popular guy in the nudist colony?
What does a chameleon that can't change color suffer from?
When can you tell your waitress is having a bad day?
What did the hippie say when asked to leave the party?
Why don't dirty commies shower?
Why does your Penis bend?
What's a Grecian Urn?
Did you know that Diarrhea can kill you?
Where can you find lubricant in the library?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why are sprinklers so racist?
Why did the midget with the helium-filled head pass out?
Which video game do Mexicans play the most?
What do you call a psychic midget who has escaped from prison?
What did the blind, deaf, mute quadriplegic boy get for Christmas?
What did the black guy see when he went down the roller coaster?
What do you call it when a dinosaur can't get it up?
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?
What is red and smells like blue Froot Loops?
What do you do with spoiled fish food?
What do a Feminist and a Broken ATM have in Common?
Did you know diarrhea is hereditary?
What do you call a snobby criminal walking down the stairs?
What is a Latino gang member's favorite type of exam?
How does NASA organize a party?
Why can't midgets run?
(Kinda offensive joke) How do you get a black man to stop raping you?
What do you say to a lady that has to make 100 shirts by tomorrow?
What's the difference between a race car and a woman?
What do you call a girl with a unibrow?
How many cops do you need to change a light bulb?
How do you get "Dick" from Richard?
Why can't Cinderella play soccer?
How Do Mexicans Play Basketball?
Why did Gandalf never listen to the song "Dream Police"?
How many Germans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why did the Chinese Government cross the road?
What has 9 arms and sucks?
If you say "Unique New York" (5 times fast) is it easy or hard?
What do you call an Ethiopian with a yeast infection?
Why did the muslim with a toothache go to the airport?
How do you kill 10 flies with one hit?
How do you walk out of a Casino with $1 Million?
Have you heard that duct tape can be used as an aphrodisiac?
Did you hear about the guy who thought he saw a fog?
Dad, what do you call the guy who made every gay as lovely as the next?
Why do midgets make bad parents?
How does the Navy separate the men from the boys?
Why do feminists hate Apple?
How does a lawyer sleep?
What happens when a university math professor and a high school math teacher get it on?
Have you tried Ethiopian food?
Did you hear about the fight in the bathroom?
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon?
what do you call cheese you use to lure a bear out of the woods?
How do you get a clown off a swing?
What do you call a masturbating cow?
Why did they spray rose water cologne on Scott Weiland at the funeral home?
Who is fastest girl in the world?
What's an example of suspicious behaviour?
What does school and the male reproductive organ have in common?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
How do police know that princess Diana had dandruff?
What grocery store does Charlie Sheen frequently visit?
What is the difference between Christmas music and Kobe Bryant?
What do choosy moms choose?
What's the best way to become a Russian leader?
What do the Mafia and pussies have in common?
What disease do police give black people?
What do you do when you are riding a horse, and a cheetah and ostrich are chasing you?
What do you call a cute girl in an Amish church?
Why couldn't the BMW fit into a narrow parking stall at Target?
Knock knock. Who's there?
Guess what?
Want to know why?
How does Santa make new baby reindeer?
What do you call a chick who studies astronomy and has a big booty?
How do you call sons of australians and germans?
Want to hear an awesome lyrebird impression?
There is a world where the number 5 is replaced with the word "all" while it still has its other meaning as well. Why are people worried about the economy?
If there were such a thing as beavers that were small and live in people's circulatory systems, what would be their religion?
Why do social justice warriors hate math?
What kind of shoes do pedophiles wear?
Where do children that die home alone go?
Why was six afraid of seven?
What's the worst gift to give to a Jewish person on Christmas?
Why did the walrus go to the tupperware factory?
Why was the tree stretching?
What's a pirates favorite letter?
What do you call introverted hobbits?
What famous person is a huge fan of trees?
How does a woman fix a ceiling problem?
What happens when a tree masturbates?
What do you call an Ent prince who betrays his dad?
Boy: Are you made of Copper and Tellurium?
What do you call a unicorn that's had its horn removed?
Heard about that Judge from America who has no thumbs?
What body of water separates Italy from the word 'goodbye'?
How do you make a hormone?
What did Grandma say to the frog?
How does a female deer get revenge on her cheating husband?
Where do one-legged waitresses work?
What did the boy with no arms get for Christmas?
What do you call a friendly Mancunian midwife?
What does a Syrian refugee and an American abortion have in common?
What do you call it when a gay couple has a heated argument and one of them stabs another with a knife?
What has walls, but no corners, and an opening, but is not a room?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call five black people having sex?
What comes out of a reasonable volcano?
Whats it called when you give a dolphin food for it to do a trick?
What 6 inches goes to your mouth?
Why are Wendy's burgers so good?
Did you hear about the scarecrow who won the Nobel Peace Prize?
Do you ever feel like a tampon?
What did the upset horse use to row his boat?
What does an ear of corn hang on his fireplace during Christmas?
What do you call a bird born in the 90s?
Where is the lift?
What's Donald Trump's favorite kind of milk?
What is the only man made object visible from space?
What is Swiper the Fox's favorite app?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do you call inexplicably missing aioli?
[Rhymer] What do you call the female bear version of a centaur?
What is a female genitals favorite slide to slide down at the playground?
What does the Native American say to the male prostitute?
What's the mass of a large chunk of tree?
What's the difference between snowmen and snowwomen?
What do you tell a cow blocking a road?
What do you call a cow that just had a baby?
What are the sexiest animals in the barn?
What do math majors get when they graduate?
Where does the king keep his armies?
Why did Adele cross the road?
How many animals can fit into a pair of pantyhose?
Why was the neighbor mad at the Mars rover speeding around her neighborhood?
What do women's breasts and toy trains have in common?
Is your ass the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What do you call the German word for Vaseline?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What do you call cows that don't have a sense of humor?
Why don't cows play poker?
What do you call a german that does the exact opposite of what he says to do?
What do you call Jewish coffee?
What did Abe Lincoln say to the judge when he asked how he pleas?
What is the difference between a Garbanzo bean and a Chickpea?
What do you call a hobo with an afro?
What do you call a singing computer?
Why does the little mermaid wear sea-shells?
How do you know the Alphabet is celebrating Christmas?
How many questions did the politician answer?
Why did the sperm cross the road?
Why would Adele cross the road?
What did the apathetic philosopher doctor say?
Why does Yasuo never get locked out?
What's red and bad for your teeth?
Did you hear about the man who broke both his left leg and arm?
Why did you leave me here all alone?
Why was the monkey attracted to the paint?
Father asks 11 year old daughter what she learned in shcool?
What do necrophiliacs get when they wake up on the day of a funeral?
Why did Johnny cross the road?
What's accounting?
Whats the difference between congress and a US mint?
Anybody ever get paid to smuggle drugs in their butt?
What's the difference between a joke on Reddit and a joke on 9Gag?
Why did Hitler called it ethnic cleansing?
How do you put a baby to sleep?
What are the differences among a piano, a tuna, and super glue?
What's green and smells like bacon?
What is a pirate's favorite fast food joint?
What happens if you pee on Putin's head?
Do you NOT like Undertale?
Whats Big, Black, Hard and full of semen?
Why does salt come in a bottle?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What's crunchy on the outside and airy in the inside?
What the the planet Jupiter say to Neptune?
Why do SJWs hate Apple computers?
"HUGE for an Asian" slogan stupid or funny?
Why do i call my dick "chess"?
What do you call a well-behaved Indian takeaway?
What did the grape say when the elephant sat on it?
What is that thing called when your crush likes you back?
What time did the man go to the dentist?
Why don't they have driving classes and sex ed on the same day in Saudi Arabia?
Whats the worst the thing about having to attend a funeral?
What's the worst thing at a bad joke party?
What would call a person who isn't worthy of being looked at?
What did the little boy with no hands get for Christmas?
Do you know what they say about girls with big phones?
An ice cream truck flips over on the highway, what does it leave?
Why did the German get their tailor and their barber mixed up?
How do you have sex with a fat girl?
Why did the black man walk backwards?
What do you call a Russian Duke who makes butter the old fashioned way?
What do Cher and Tasmania have in common?
What did Davey Crocket say at the Alamo?
What would you call Vanilla Ice if he was asian?
What does your girlfriend and my garage have in common?
Why did the developers have to delay their pirate game?
Why can Chinese bands rehearse so much?
What's a pornstars favorite soda?
What did the German clock maker say to the broken clock?
Why did the pope have so many children?
What's the difference between a Porsche and a trash bag full of dead babies?
Going out with Ariana Grande , makes you?
What do you call it when you make fun of somebody else's gambling addiction?
What did Hitler get for Christmas?
Have you heard of the John Denver omelet?
Why did the post office get sued?
What do you call a New Zealander with a sheep under each arm?
Did you hear about the scarecrow that got an award?
What do rednecks do on Halloween?
Why did the Muslim fail his Chemistry Exam ?
Why does Santa have a huge sack?
Why did Adele cross the road?
Why shouldn't you date a tennis player?
What's Mr. T's favorite band?
What do you call a Jewish rapper?
What do you call a ginger who can't spell?
What's the difference between a group of pigmies and a lesbian track team?
What happened to the concussed gravedigger?
Why is Ironman a superhero?
Where are average things built?
What's the difference between being horny and being hungry?
Where's your bin?
What's the difference between a baby and a freezer?
What is Buddhism measured in?
What is the difference between a baker baking a cake and a gynecologist giving an exam?
Have you ever met a vegan that does crossfit?
What did 0 say to 8?
What did the sorority girl say when she couldn't eat another bite of pie?
Are you the 7th planet from the sun?
Wanna watch Netflix in H?
Anyone hungry?
Why are gym memberships illegal?
What has 142 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk?
How much horsepower does a mustang have?
Did you hear the one about how the bison stopped the two toads from fighting when he spotted an owl eating a bat, as told by a gorilla?
Why are girls so hot?
Where do kids with ADHD go?
What did the Turkish guy say to his babe when she invited him to eat?
What did the kid with cancer get for Christmas?
What was the first thing the stowaway to Mars said after he landed?
What's the difference between a bad golfer, and a bad skydiver?
What's the difference between and elephant and a mail box?
Why do Communists only drink coffee?
Why did the comedian go to the dog pound?
Why didn't Beethoven sell his house?
Why did Adele cross the road?
How can you tell if your wife is dead?
Why does DMX hate sweatshirts?
How do you call it, when the internet is not working in Germany?
Why won't the Alzheimer's patient pay attention to you?
What's Canada's spy agency?
Why would people always stand still to hide from Martin Luther King Jr.?
What's a bulimiac's favourite porno?
Why did the dolphin run away from home to start a new life?
How come Star Trek fans never grow out of it?
Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker?
Did you hear the one about the woman who couldn't handle a 9 inch dick?
What happens to all Vertibird pilots?
What's Captain Hook's favourite kind of shop?
What do Indian flowers grow?
What do free masons do when they want to make a frame-by-frame remake of "Back to the Future"?
Why is Islam a religion of peace?
What's the difference between you and a brick?
What should you do when you see a spaceman?
How Swift is Kanye?
What is a geometry teachers favorite movie?
What did the artist say to himself before drawing his first penis?
What did the cow say to the hay?
What did the zero say to the eight?
What is an architects favorite movie?
Whats the funniest joke you know?
Why is there echo every time Bono sings?
What is the difference between Stephen Hawking and his E-Wheelchair?
Why are Cal Tech and MIT constantly Fighting?
What is called when a woman gets a sex change?
What's small but effective?
What's a pirates favorite letter?
What's the difference between PHP and PCP?
Why was Tigger always filthy?
How do you make a hormone?
What do you call it when you go down on a paraplegic?
What's worse that burning the turkey on thanksgiving?
Why did Adele cross the road?
Did you know gullible came from ancient Greek?
Why is divorce so expensive?
How does Moses make his coffee?
Why are there so many trees in Harlem?
How do you get over trophobia?
Why don't people in their 80's have sex anymore?
What do you call a man who makes fart scented candles?
Why did Sweden change their immigration politics?
What did the jew post to the nazi subreddit?
Where do you find a dog that has no legs?
What did the Japanese woman do when the Titanic sank?
What do Taylor Swift and Charlie Sheen have in common?
What do you call a religiously-praised feces?
What do you call a family in which everyone from grand parents to grand kids smoke weed?
Why do pirates wake up early on Saturday?
What did baby corn say to mama corn?
What do chicken, beef and Russia have in common?
What do people from West Virginia do on Halloween?
What does a bee style his hair with?
What would you call Scott Adsit if he was a skirt?
How do Mexicans cut their Pizza?
What do you call a slutty midget?
A Jew walks into a wall with an erection. Gets a broken nose. What does an Asian get?
Have you ever woken up because of a boner?
What's black, white, and red all over?
Have you heard of the, great, ancient Greek philosopher Mediocrates?
Where did Hitler send his Oranges?
What do the Kardashians and penises have in common?
Why are Twilight fans obsessed with it?
I wonder if the Colorado Planned Parenthood shooter had a Plan B?
Why does it have to be a white Christmas?
Why do you call someone who doesn't like the ideas in Islam?
Have you tasted Somalian food?
What do you call a turtle without a shell?
Hey Dad, do the Indian people celebrate Thanksgiving?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What do you call a gassy greek?
Do I speak German?
Why is it impossible to argue with Trump?
What do you call a Muslim Girl dating an Agnostic Guy?
What is Hillary Clintons least favourite instrumeny?
What's the art of having multiple personalities?
What does a pirate call his idiot son?
So Donald Trump wants to be president and move into the white house. Why not?
How do you say goodbye to an Indonesian?
Why can't pirates learn the alphabet?
What's the difference between a sperm bank and an regular bank?
What's not 50% off today?
Why is there so much segregation today?
What did the blind, deaf, mute quadriplegic boy get for Christmas?
How do you become president of Russia?
What do you call a Russian farmer who's masturbating?
Why doesn't Mr.Sodium like to spend time with Mr.H20?
What is the difference between a painting and jesus?
What do American beer and a canoe have in common?
Think you can save humanity?
Why can't pirates learn the alphabet?
Don't you hate how long girls take to dress before goin' clubbin?
How can you tell between a graphic designer and recruiter?
What has 5 arms, 3 legs, and 2 feet?
What rock group has 4 members that don't sing?
What do you wear to dance the salsa?
What do you call a rock band with a perfectionist in it?
What do you call a black guy who sells flowers?
What do you call a black lesbian in the workplace?
What do you call children born into a whorehouse?
Why do some fish live in saltwater?
Why did grass do 8/10?
What do you call a residential area for horse lovers?
What do you call someone who commits piracy?
Did you hear about the guy who was on trial for masturbating to obscure court cases?
Why couldn't the pirate have gravy with his thanksgiving dinner?
How many philosophers does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you calla brown guy that asks a lot of question?
What do you call children who are born into a Whorehouse?
Did you hear about that new species of mosquito?
What will Russians be cooking for Thanksgiving...?
What did the flatulent man say to the preacher during confession?
What never eats at thanks giving?
What is the number 1 activity to do in Syria on Trip Advisor?
Why did Adele cross the road?
which hollywood character does the numbers six and nine hate most?
What were Nazi turkeys forced to do each Thanksgiving?
What did the circus owner say to the human-cannonball when the he wanted to retire?
What do Asian pirates do?
What's the easiest way to get the chewing gum out of your hair?
What is the most recycled joke that keeps getting used?
If the Native Americans that celebrated the first Thanksgiving were still alive today, what would they be most famous for?
What do Aaron Hernandez and Jared Fogle now have in common?
What's the difference between a genealogist and a gynecologist?
Why did moses break his glasses in half?
What does the Jolly Green Giant have on his feet?
What Does A Nazi Turkey Say?
What are you doing when you Sentence almost a Dozen Surfers to death by the Gallows?
Have you had an accident that wasn't your fault?
What's the only thing better than winning a gold medal at the Special Olympics?
Who was Noah's wife?
What's annoying about going 90 in a school zone?
How do you think the unthinkable?
What will Putin be having for Thanksgiving dinner?
What's the difference between parsley and pubic hair?
Doctor, doctor, is it alright to masturbate?
Where does steel wool come from?
What do you call a turkey with no arms?
What do heavily-armored army vehicles celebrate for the holidays?
What do you call an Asian prostitute?
Why did the movie scene have a rusty pan?
What's the difference between linearly independent vectors and the World Trade Centre?
Why did Adele cross the road?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What noise does a Nintendo ambulance make?
What do zombies use to prepare their turkeys for cooking on the smoker?
What happens when the smog lifts over Los Angeles?
Which side of the turkey has the most feathers?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
What is a lesbians favorite day of the week?
Why was the ghost sad?
2 midgets and a black guy walk into a room, how many people are in that room?
What is a Jedi's favorite car company?
What do you call a gullible Indian?
What do you call a Chinese who drives an airplane?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What's the hardest part about being a pedophile?
Why are magicians always sad?
Why did Marlin and Dory never date?
How do you make a dog go meow?
What do you call an empty bud light can on the side of the road?
How do you call black guy that missed his train?
What did the male eskimo say to the female eskimo right before having sex?
What will Putin have for thanksgiving dinner?
Why did Adele cross the road?
How do you put 50 yews in a car?
What's black and white and red all over?
What does Fozzie the Bear do when he can't find a ride?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What animal do you get when shake a pig?
What do you call a Mexican who has just lost his car?
USA to Russia:" What will you have for Thanksgiving dinner?
Did you hear about the Homeopath who forgot to take his medication?
What did the guy on LSD say while driving on the highway?
What's brown and sticky?
What did the hipster say the day after thanksgiving?
How do you make Holy Water?
What do you get when you inject human DNA into a sheep?
What does a nosy pepper do?
How do you get a jew out of his car?
What do you call Dwayne Johnson having sex with a rock?
What did the duck say when he bought lipstick?
Why is a laundromat a really bad place to pick up women?
What's the difference between JFK and Bill Clinton?
Which 20th Century Business tycoon was a top?
What do you call a person without a son?
How many dead hookers do you need to replace a lightbulb?
What is a toilet in Ancient Mexico?
What's the best way to reheat turkey?
Why did Adele cross the road?
Black Fridays Matter?
What's the difference between acne and a Catholic priest?
When do terrorists go to bed?
How do you kill a giraffe?
Did you hear about the mohel with no knife?
Why was WWI so short?
What Should I Do Today?
What's white on the outside and black on the inside?
What are ISIS militants using to stuff their Thanksgiving goat?
How did I get out of Iraq?
How do people with leukemia know they have cancer?
what's Putin having for Christmas?
Why did the blonde stare at the orange juice box?
At what age is it acceptable to tell a highway it's adopted?
What do you call Whoopi Goldberg after sex?
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg?
What smells bad and sounds like a bell?
Doesn't the president pardon a Turkish jet every thanksgiving?
Who says men don't remember?
What does a dog from Minnesota say?
What's the most common activity people do while wearing safety vests?
Why did the bunch of grapes exile one of the grapes?
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple?
What do you call a fat computer?
Why did the turkey cross the road?
What did the pot-smoking alien say when asked what toppings he wanted on his sammich?
Why is it funny when someone fractures their upper arm?
How does Good King Wenceslas like his pizzas?
Where do you send a Jew with ADHD?
How do dogs do business?
Why did they build a shrine to karl marx in Japan?
Why cant Mexicans have Sex ed and Drivers Ed on the same day?
Why aren't redheads very good R&B singers?
Whats the difference between a girl and a washing machine?
How can you tell if someone is a marathon runner?
Why Are Germans Buried 20 Feet Underground?
Why doesn't Santa give gifts to naughty kids?
Why did Adele cross the road?
What's long, hard and a bit shitty at the end?
What's better than a joke on /r/Jokes?
Why do whales have really good immune systems?
What do you call an egg that always gets picked on?
What do you call it when Paul scores?
What is an omelette?
What do you call a limp snake?
How do you make a black man run faster?
What's the best thing about Switzerland?
How do you get an anarchist to kick your ass?
Hey what was the ending of that movie last night?
What do you call a lost legion?
Was your Daddy an enzyme?
Whats the most confusing day in Detroit?
Why did the Seahawks win the 2015 NFC Championship game against the Packers?
What do you call a twelve faced shape made out of genitals?
Why are orphans bad at poker?
What's a hipster's biggest problem?
What's the Difference?
Why can't orphans play baseball?
Where do Mexicans get their car parts?
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows?
How many redditors does it take to post a joke to /r/Jokes?
What did the double hand amputee get for Christmas?
What's the resemblance between a bungeejump and a african whorehouse?
What's the difference between a bike and a car?
What has seven arms and sucks?
What do you call a Jamaican in Italy?
How did one dinosaur insult the other?
What's the difference between an epileptic corn shucker and a hooker with diarrhea?
What comes after Z?
Why did the samurai hate nonsense?
What did Courtney Love say to Kurt Kobain after finding out he cheated on her?
How many redditors does it take to post a joke to /r/Jokes?
What's the difference between a homeless wanker and a pimp?
What do you call a Mexican midget?
How many terribly overused Vine memes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why is it better to date a woman with heavy thighs during the winter?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish man?
What are the first words Jared Fogle's girlfriend said to him?
Have you tried Ethiopian Food?
What do you call a Russian sovereign with dwarfism and a taste for both men and women?
What does a pescatarian librarian eat when they're hungry for a little snack?
Whats the difference between a lesbian and a wheat-thin?
What is the difference between ass-kissing and brown-nosing?
Why is Edward still in Russia?
How do you kill a Mormon?
Did you hear that Tom Brady is running for president?
What do you call a jihadi that owns both a goat and a donkey?
What do your mother and the ground have in common?
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral?
Where do Muslims go after they die?
What's frozen water and dangerous?
Did you hear about the ice cream man that committed suicide?
What are the advantages of living in Switzerland?
Did you hear about that earthquake yesterday?
What language do eagles program in?
What's the difference between men and women?
Who are the world's fastest readers?
Why are you not able to boil water in a tauntaun?
what currency does the sun use?
Was that pun intended?
What did the girl on her period say when she got caught?
Why was Santa in the asylum?
What is the comeback that fits well with any argument?
What's ISIS's favourite band?
Why do handicapped people wear shoes?
How come there are no Jared Fogle jokes on reddit?
What's the difference between an old bus depot and a lobster with big tits?
What was Tigger doing in the toilet?
What's Forrest Gumps password?
Which lake is named after the Cleveland Steamer?
What do you call a gay man on roller skates?
How do the Lannisters save money on new beds?
What's the internal temperature of a Tauntaun?
What do you call a spy that likes to spend time with his son?
Kristen gave Sally 3 flowers and 2 stuffed animals. Todd gave Sally 5 flowers and 3 stuffed animals. What does Sally have?
What do you call the stage a ladybug goes through before it becomes an adult?
what do you call a gassy Scotsman?
You know what happened when your mom went swimming?
Do you know Andy Griffith's wife?
What's the difference between classical music and Barry white?
What have Kim Jong-Un and Viagra got in common?
What noise does a homosexual horse make?
What is a brain dead couples' favorite pizza?
What do Winnie the Pooh and Jack the Ripper have in common?
How do you tell if your roommate is gay?
What did Justin Beiber say to his teacher?
What's a junkie's favorite videogame?
Want to talk about rape?
Does a blue screen of death constitute being defenestrated?
What happens when you cross a mountain climber with a mosquito?
What one noun, verb, and US President sums up a scientist's hopes and fears?
Offense: When it's a legal matter, it's pronounced o-FENCE. When it's sports, it's pronounced OFF-ence. Climbing... ?
How do blondes carpool?
Why was the accountant constipated?
A black guy and a mexican are in a car, who's driving?
What do you call it when a waiter at an internet cafe gets your order wrong?
What do gay horses eat?
What did the nun wear to the casino?
Did you know someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds?
Did you hear about the cheese truck that crashed?
What U.S. State has the smallest sodas?
What's an Islamic extremist's favorite baseball team?
Why did the black guy loose all his money?
What is hitlers favorite yugio card?
What do you call a psychic, midget fugitive?
What do your mom and Poland have in common?
What do you get when you go to a concert in Paris?
What does my dad do for fun?
What did Jarod from subway get on his first night in jail?
What muscle do Egyptian soldiers generally lose control of, shortly before major battles?
What do you have when you are having second thoughts about your booking on Native American land?
How many muslims does it take to climb a building?
What's the smelliest breed of dog?
What does 80 year old pussy taste like?
Why did the woman fall in love with the surgeon?
What did Jeffery Dahmer say to Lorena Bobbitt?
Why do black people talk funny?
What did the gay guy say when he found out his boyfriend cheated on him?
What is a terrorists favorite snack?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
What's the hardest dinosaur to ride?
How many people does it take for Prince Andrew to be accused of gang rape?
Which class the The Flash hated the most while in college?
What do you say to your girlfriend when you are on the toilet and she is braiding her hair?
How did you get out of Iraq?
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet?
Why does the shortage of strip clubs in the middle east make ISIS so angry?
What do you call an angry terrorist?
How do you make any woman wet?
What screams "Allah Akbar" and then smashes your crockery to pieces?
If your father is a Priest, could you call him Father dad?
What do you call Muslims on a Plane?
What do terrorists and the American government have in common?
What is comedian and former MTV show host Tom Green's favorite brand of pen?
Girl, are you organized?
have you tried subways new jared special?
Did you hear that the Titanic was a conspiracy?
What happens to superficial people when they die?
How much does a pirate pay for corn?
What does a nosey pepper do?
Who wrote "The Tiger's Revenge"?
What's a North Korean farmer's favorite time of year?
What do you call a poor pepper farmer?
The first and last thing I saw, is nothing. What am I?
what did the angry German man say when he was asked to count to 10?
Why is the Computer D Drive always sad?
What did Jeffrey Dahlmer say to Lorena Bobbit?
Did you hear about the latest innovation in french tanks?
What did the ocean say to the other ocean?
What do you call a fish out of water?
What's the one thing Spider-man can't eat?
What does a wolf lick a ram with?
Why can't muslims eat pigs?
Which cable provider offers ISIS 24/7 support?
Where do you eat toaster waffles on the beach?
What does the aquarium janitor use to clean?
What is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
What do the alphabet A and a flower have in common?
Why did the condom fly across the room?
What did the demonic junkie get charged with?
Did you hear Jared Fogle got sentenced to 15.5 years in prison today?
What do you call a line of diamonds on fire?
How do you spell shit-post?
Did you hear about all the problems going on in the middle East?
What do museums and girls have in common?
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
What's the difference between you and a calendar?
What is a vegetable's favorite martial art?
What's the difference between dollars and Jews?
Did you hear about the chemistry teacher that yelled NaCl during class?
What's the difference between Hitler and the Boston bombers?
How does a mathematician solve his constipation problem?
What do black birds pick?
What is one thing you never say to a Muslim?
Why didn't the hipster have HIV?
Did you hear about the law student who became a suicide bomber?
Why did the pervert cross the road?
Do you know any sodium jokes?
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scotsman?
Why is something that keeps you from burning your fingers on a joint called a roach clip?
What does a Russian use to wipe their mouth?
Why do 19th century dancers repeat the last word in their sentences?
How can you tell if a 14 year old smokes weed?
What do Zero and Nil have in common?
What does Arizona name Colorado?
Did you hear about the jihadist birthday party?
Did you guys hear about the scarecrow who won the nobel prize?
Why will people click on any link with sperm or eggs in the headline?
Why do black people have white palms?
What's the difference between pussy and parsley?
If Mississippi asked Missouri for her New Jersey, what would Delaware?
What do you get when you cross the CIA and the Republican Party?
What goes in long and hard and comes out soft and wet?
What do you call an accurate dog?
What does a Polish groom give his bride for their wedding that is long and hard?
What's a zergling's favourite newspaper?
Why did the barracuda want to hire the clown fish's anemone?
What makes a talker become a stalker?
Did you guys hear about that Egyptian con-artist?
What was sonic's diet advice to mario?
What's the difference between a freezer and a woman?
Why don't Jews eat pussy?
How did Charlie Sheen contract HIV?
Mgmt: What makes you qualified for this job?
What's the difference between a waitress and your mom?
Where did Hitler place the black jews?
[Racist?] Why do all Asian kids get straight A's?
Why did the police chief tell his officers to show up 15 minutes early to the political demonstration?
What do you call it when ISIS soldiers run for cover?
What does a polish bride get on her wedding night that is long and hard?
Why did Willow Smith whip her hair?
What's it called when an isis member takes a selfie?
Did anyone else read about that Bulgarian guy that got guillotined yesterday?
Did you hear about the employee at sea-world who killed his entire audience?
What's the difference between a radical and a moderate Muslim?
Why are there three letters missing from the alphabet?
How do the Sith ascend?
What's an alcoholic's favorite type of soap?
What did the Frenchman say after 80?
What do you call hundreds of crows at a Catholic church?
Wanna hear a good joke?
How does the stork bring babies?
What do you do if an elephant comes through your front door?
What did the Italian diver say when he saw an eel?
Why is it difficult to punish vampires?
But God..............!?
How do you spell hypocrisy?
What song title is best used to describe the France terrorist attack?
What do you call a skeleton in a closet?
Have you heard about the cation?
What did Simba tell everyone in the lunch line?
What do Islamist extremists eat for breakfast?
Why did Isis cover their bullets in butter?
Why did Moses only go down on redheaded girls?
Do Irish people make good optometrists?
Did you guys hear about Anonymous declaring war on ISIS?
You heard about the concert last friday?
What do hillbillies do on halloween?
What do you call it when a chameleon can't change colors?
What's the one thing Spider-Man can't eat?
What's blue and sits on the toilet?
Why is Gordon Ramsey always so angry?
Why did the emo chicken go across the road?
Why don't Asians get constipated?
Why couldn't Cain make God love him?
what did the sign outside the rehab center say?
Why is Santa such a jolly old elf?
Q: What does a horny toad say?
What's an incestuous mother's favourite drink?
Did you know tank tops were illegal until the U.S constitution came out?
What do you call a camera mounted on a ISIS-truck?
What do you call the guy with an IQ of 75 in a group of eight ISIS members?
Did you hear about the lumberjack who worked overtime?
Why was E the only letter in the alphabet to get Christmas presents?
Why does Wiz Khalifa brush his teeth?
What do you call a terrorist who's always late?
Teacher to child: 'do you know how to spell banana?
What's a pornstar's favourite spice?
What's long and black and dangerous to cut into?
What is the worst part of eating vegetables?
What do you call a Chinese man allergic to dogs?
Whats the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
Why did the Muslim fail his Chemistry Exam ?
What's the definition of an Irish homosexual?
What do you call fast midget house cleaners?
What do ISIS and cats have in common?
What is Donald Trump's favorite movie?
What is Oedipus' favorite flavor?
How do you find Will Smith in the Snow?
Why did the chicken cross the playground?
Too soon?
who are the shortest people in the bible?
Who are the fastest readers of all time?
What kind of pizza would the twin towers order?
What's the difference between Joan Crawford and an abortion doctor ?
Why couldn't the incontinent man print his documents?
What's another name for a cocoon?
What were the names of two gay Irishmen?
How do you start a conversation about men's rights?
Why don't black girls wear underwear to cookouts?
Why does Titan belong to Saturn?
Why do Caitlyn Jenner's kids see right through her?
Don't you guys think that Team America: World Police predicted the terrorist attack in france?
Did you hear the one about the guy who couldn't think of a punch line?
What is the difference between a marshmallow and a blowjob?
Why did the Irishman eat only two hundred and thirty-nine beans?
What is the difference between a wife and a mistress?
What do you get when Italians join ISIS?
What do you call someone addicted to both crack and weed?
What do you have when you feed a nigger 7 warning signs?
What time of day is it in France right now?
You know what's fucking shit?
What did one tampon say to the other?
What did one asshole say to the other?
Why did the farmer fail to bring in the whole harvest before winter frost?
Why can't java programmers see well?
Why were episodes 4, 5, 6 made before 1, 2, 3?
What do Philadelphia Eagles fans do after they win the superbowl?
What do you call it when you finger a pony?
what do you say when you're out of spoons?
What did the Jewish residents of Hiroshima shout when they saw the plane carrying the first atomic bomb?
Why do the horses hate the jockey?
What did Frank say when he dropped his last slice of Pizza Hut in the toilet?
[not a joke] - I told my son the joke about calling a bowling alley and asking if they have 16 lb balls - 5 solid minutes of laughter. What other classic jokes should I tell him?
What has replaced tonsils as a useless part of your head?
What do you call a censored DMX song?
If people were animals who would be the dolphin?
What Do People Have In Common With Jellybeans?
Why did the cows return to the marijuana field?
what is a jew that has eaten too many beans?
What do you call drawings of dog poop that don't have outlines?
How many Mizzou students does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's squawky, worn out, and falls from foot easily?
Did you hear about the kind and humble Jew that donated a lot of money to charity?
Q: How do you reuse a condom?
What's a space pirate's favorite planet?
What's the hardest part of skydiving?
What hood was the Swedish cholo from?
What do you call the misuse of a meme?
What do you say to a fig on ice?
Why did the math student fail his exam?
Mom, what is a transvestite?
What's the difference between the ISIS headquarters and a kindergarten?
Why are artificial intelligences in movies always female?
What did Ronda Rousey's face look like after her fight with Holly Holm?
What do you call an retarded rich kid?
What is the most racist dinosaur???
Did you hear about the guy who was told his genitals hadn't developed properly?
What did a young Pink Panther sing when he was playing with his magnifying glass in the back yard?
How did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth?
What does a cow say in the winter?
What's a pirate's favourite game?
Why'd the chicken cross the road?
What do you call a short Mexican?
What will ISIS be called once it is destroyed?
Mouldy sausage?
What happens to a person when they move out of Asia?
What's the best thing about dating a black girl?
What's a Jihadist Muslims least favorite sex position?
What's the difference between slavery and a cow?
What is the best part about taking a shower?
What does a masturbating thug say when he's mugging you?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
What's the one thing Spider-man can't eat?
Why does the French flag have Velcro?
What do you do when the dishwasher stops working?
What did one orphan said to the other?
Looking for some clarified butter?
Do you have a Dickiedoo?
What do you call cheese that isn't your cheese?
what do you call a french kebab?
What do you call a paedophile pirate?
What DJ should you never trust with directions?
Why did Steph Curry cross the road?
Why did Hitler kill himself?
What kind of music does a pirate like?
What smells of cheese and is filled with holes?
What's a german's favourite number?
How does Michael J. Fox deal with his Parkinson's disease?
Want to play the rape game?
Why was E the only letter in the alphabet to get Christmas presents?
Did you hear Obtuse Angle lost weight?
How many wife's does a catholic priest allowed to have?
What do Penises and Rubik's Cubes have in common?
What's a great way to say I love you to your wife?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
How do you make a faggot have sex with a woman?
How can you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber?
What is the cheapest type of meat?
How do you stop a dog from humping your leg?
What does a gay horse eat?
Who is the Prime Minister of Israol?
What did the weeaboo Southerner name his daughter?
What would the war be called if Donald Trump started war on the Mexicans?
How do cats admit they're gay?
What's the one thing Spider-man can't eat?
What is the worst thing about dating a Japanese girl?
What do you call it when you stab a vampire in the lungs?
What's the one thing Spider-man can't eat?
How many Retards does it take to change a lightbulb?
can you draw a pentagram with your left hand?
What is the difference between Reddit and a fetish party?
What's the most offensive joke you have heard?
Why did Hitler go to Sea World?
Do you know a good veterinarian?
How old was the kid that dressed up like Hitler?
Why are all of the accountants supporting Hillary Clinton?
What can hunger do that a woman simply can't?
What word is always spelled incorrectly?
What's a transgender's favorite action flick?
How long does it take to build a castle?
What do you call a stupid fish?
Why didn't Neil Armstrong catch cold while he was on the moon?
What did the SJW say to the man who appropriated culture?
Why did the Star Wars movies come out in the sequence 4, 5, 6,7, 1, 2, 3?
What game does a black dad and son play forever?
What does the closed sign at a brothel say?
Have you hear the onomatopoeia police's new siren?
Why was the mermaid embarrassed and crying in the classroom?
What happens when a plant is sad?
What do you call a Mexican guy who steps in dog shit?
Why don't orphans play baseball?
What deadly disease can bowls contract?
Did you guys hear that you can survive just on plants?
Wheres my dog gone?
How do you know it's time to clean up your room?
why is the bank for international settlements located in swizerland?
How fast do lesbians have sex?
What does a deaf math nerd speak?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How many Northern Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Whats a mexicans favorite type basketball?
What fun drink can put your kid to sleep?
What do you call a mexican with a rubber toe?
What do you call a black mage?
What's the Difference Between Guts and Balls?
Where's the best place to have a waffle on the beach?
What do cows do for fun?
What's the difference between boogers and broccoli?
What do you give to a merperson in distress?
Why do people at Disneyland hate coke heads?
What did the french say to the Nazis when they invaded ?
What did the man say when he got his dancing robot to work?
Why did the mermaid wear SeaShells?
What's the one thing Spider-man can't eat?
Where do terrorists go to have a drink?
Why did Eric Clapton make the switch from PC to Apple?
What did the police officer say to the white man running away with a TV?
Why can't a T-rex clap?
How are Jail and Olive Garden Similar?
If you throw acid on a basic bitch does she become salt?
Why is school like a boner?
What's the one thing Spider-man can't eat?
Why does a Canadian with a stutter never run low on batteries?
What colour is eight?
What's the most stupid part about telling a rude joke on Reddit?
What is a hypocrite?
Why couldn't the Mexican work a wrench?
Why are the Soviets Russian?
What country is next to USA?
What do you call someone who reads in the sun?
How many SCPs does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What is a dog's favorite camp sport?
[OFFENSIVE] How do you circumcise a hillbilly?
What did the phone say to the other phone after a bad rejection?
What do people with huge penises eat for breakfast?
What does a nosey pepper do?
How's your day Dog ?
What's the difference between me and an egg?
Which Christian denomination knows the most about dinosaurs?
What do you call a horny dog in the kitchen?
What do you call a cock-muncher's favorite meal..?
Why can you only ran through a campground and not run?
What is the difference between ovaries and testicles?
How do you tell if someone is being a karma whore?
What do the Police and Pokémon have in common?
What do women and turds have in common?
What do you call 5 black people having sex?
Why did Blacula get kicked out of a Yale Halloween party?
How do you make a baby politician cry?
Whats the difference between a priest and acne??
If I have 3 cakes and I eat 2, what do I have?
What's the best part about having sex with twenty eight year olds?
How do farmers party?
Why did the man throw his clock out the window?
What's a Hater, Homophobe, Racist, Bigot, and Sexist?
What did the orphan say when the orphanage burned down?
Why was the Robot angry at the engineer?
Why don't you have to pay for the items on a will?
What is your best casino joke?
Where do you take a cheque?
What's the favorite color of horses?
Have you seen the Paralympic version of Lord of The Rings?
Do not adopt a snow leopard?
Why does hiring a ship illegally always cost $3.14?
What do you call a color-blind pop artist?
Did you hear about the African American girl who was quiet during the movie?
What's the difference between an onion and a prostitute?
Why did Jesus fall on the side of the road?
Do you guys know the story about the broken pencil?
What brand of pen does Lance Armstrong use?
What did SMG say to his son before he left for school?
Why didn't the tree like to play checkers?
Did you hear what happened in the Multi-Language Translation Race?
What were Charles Darwin's favorite fruits?
What's the difference between a joke and 3 dicks?
Why was the magnet seeing the Psychiatrist?
How do you request another Mormon wife?
What do you call a spanish child molester?
Why did 9 bust 1?
What does Santa Claus and Jared from Subway have in common?
Why does your son call you big brother?
What's a nature philosopher's favorite rap song?
Why Did The Black Guy Crossed The Road?
Have you ever heard about that joke you can't tell to gay people?
How do you take the letter "f" out of the word "way"?
Did you hear about the little guy compelled to clap in time whenever he was on the Paris underground?
How many Marines does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What made the triangle high?
Why did Adolf Hitler hate math class?
What kind of bees do female ghosts have to deal with?
How do you find Will Smith in winter?
How do you kill 20 flies?
Why can't the main character of Fallout 4 get a girlfriend?
How do you make holy water?
What is Stewie Griffin's least favorite Fallout weapon?
Should Female Freshmen Be Called Fresh Women?
Why do you never find elephants hiding in trees?
What kind of overalls does mario wear?
Why did Heisenberg remove the speedometer from his car?
Where's the best place to hide a body?
Do darker beers have better hops?
What did the yoga teacher say when someone asked if she wanted to leave the party early?
Did you know condoms have serial numbers?
What does a drug addict like to do in their free time?
Did you hear about the prostitute that got a vagina implanted on her hip?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many IT people does it take to change a light bulb?
How many ants does it take to rent a house?
What was Hitler's favourite air vehicle?
If a stork makes white babies, and a crow makes black babies, what makes no babies?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
What did the dyslexic person worship?
What flavor do termites like best?
What do you call Neil deGrasse Tyson pouring champagne all over his naked chest?
How do men and women fill the fuel tank differently?
[Racist Joke] What does a black men and the Terminator have in common?
How is a NASA Shuttle similar to Sex with Your Mother?
Why does Santa have such a beautiful garden?
How the hell did Caitlyn Jenner win women of the year?
Where's the best place to hide after a murder?
Why did the Italian get thrown out of the hotel?
What did the American vet did when he came to back from Vietnam?
What do you call a gay sailor who happens to have a cold?
What do you call a pessimistic black man?
Why was Hitler bad at math?
Why does nobody play poker in the jungle?
What’s the difference between chemistry and cooking?
Why was the homeless man unsuccessful at stand-up comedy?
Why did the vegan zombie visit the coma ward?
Why can't orphans play baseball?
Why does Mexico never do well in the Olympics?
Why can't a Stormtrooper have a baby?
What's my best pickup line?
Why a baker?
Did you hear about the bombed hospital in Afghanistan?
Why did the gynecologist need glasses?
What is a pedophile's favorite part of a basketball game?
Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs?
A woman is at the doctors office and the doctor asks the woman, do you know what your ass hole is doing during an orgasm?
What does a geography graduate do with a lightbulb?
Did you guys know that the entire Miami Dolphins team is missing?
Why don't witches wear underwear?
wise man jokes?
What do you call a family that runs a gas station?
What do you call the Israeli PM when he switches search engines?
Why did Sally fall off the swing?
What do xenophobes do on Star Trek when the holidays come?
What did the Rei say to the Hachi?
What's the difference between a women's high school track team and African Pygmies?
What did the holy shit say to the priest?
What makes cows and horses so valuable?
Do you know what the best part of wearing a watch is?
Did you know it's impossible to piss your pants on purpose?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
Q: What's the difference between bird flu and swine flu?
Why was the Egyptian boy confused?
What is "moving and walking straight"?
What happened after Hitler dyed his hair blonde?
What do you get when you mix human DNA and goat DNA?
Did you hear about the robbery at the bakery?
What's the best part about having sex with ninety-nine year olds?
Why does spider man so great with his stunts?
What do you call an attractive person in a wheel chair?
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a pile of leaves?
Difference Between Thief ?
What do you call four Mexicans at the bottom of the ocean?
What did the dwarf say to the prostitute?
How many Americans does it take to change a bulb?
What does a gay horse eat?
why was the chicken population so large?
Did you hear about the Mexican train bomber?
What did Mike Tyson say to the boy who gave him a bouquet at his final boxing match?
How do you know when the Moon is going broke?
What did the ventriloquist say to their friend?
How can you recognise a blind man among a crowd of nudists?
Did you know that human meat preserves really well?
What does Egyptian airport security have in common with Los Angeles airport security?
What's the difference between a blimp and a blow job every day?
I ordered a Pizza the other day, When she read the order back to me she said, "So, you have one thick sausage, anything else?
What did one alcoholic say to the other alcoholic?
What do you call a brony in a wheelchair?
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo?
How many chans does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's a mass in your body that is really helpful?
How does JokeExplainBot work?
What's the difference between a circus and a strip club?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
Why was the mathematician stressed out?
Why do women talk non-stop?
You are in a room with nothing but a table and a mirror. How do you get out?
What did the poop said to the other poop?
Why do farts smell?
How many post-minimalists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why did Marx pay for dinner on the first date?
Have you heard of the newest study?
Who's a bitch?
What's the hardest part of rollerblading?
Ever hear the one about the deaf guy?
What do you call a cow with two legs?
What is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
Why is Jesus happy people hang pictures of him?
What was the hardest part of being happy in the 1920's?
What do you call a nun that is lost?
Where can you find a dog with no arms and no legs?
Why did the young boat dock before it was ready?
What's the first thing you know?
What do you call a cow with only legs on one side?
What three things does a woman need to do an oil change on her car?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
Have you guys seen the Hitler biopic starring Mike Tyson?
What's better than roses on my piano?
Did you hear about the little boy in CA that saw Jesus?
Why are turtles so grumpy?
Know why polish airplanes only fill half of an airplane for each fligth?
Did you hear about the cooked turkey?
What is Justin Timberlake's favourite Ukrainian river?
Why is diabetes like a fumble recovery?
What do you call a group of thirsty Rabbi's with a tan?
Where do most Mustangs get into car accidents at?
What do you call getting high and having sex?
Why is it NASA has never sent a woman to the moon?
How would you like it if you didn't see me?
Where is Donald Trump gonna put all of the illegal immigrants once he arrests them?
What does an empty bottle of Champaign and an orphan have in common?
whats the most uncomfortable thing about a prostate exam?
What kind of shoes does Jack Lew wear?
What do you call a retarded camel?
A man walked into a bar and took a girl home. What drink did he have at home?
Do hesitant people order sparagus?
Why did the man tell his mom to get him out of prison?
Where do Amish people go to get medicine?
Why did the console cross the road?
What do you call a dog magician?
What has a whole bunch of little balls and screws old ladies?
What's a ghost's favorite sexual act?
What did the elephant say to the naked man?
Why can't leopards hide?
Who would win a Race from New York to LA, two Homosexuals or two Lesbians?
How do dogs own cats?
A Well-Planned Life?
Why do Native Americans hate snow?
Why couldn't the Chinese herpetologist see out his car window?
What did the penny say to the other penny?
What would a horny hen order at a bar?
What's the speed limit for sex?
How did harry potter get down the hill?
What do you call a teacher who's always late for school?
What happened to the ice cube?
Knock, knock. Who's there?
What is it called when you eat Cinnamon Toast Crunch at noon?
What's the difference between a $1000 used car and a Rolls-Royce?
Where do Canadians play Basketball?
Can I ask you a question?
Did you hear about that car that runs on seafood?
Poison anyone...?
How do you know a cat is ready to leave?
Did you know sugar is the only word that begins with an 's' that makes a 'sh' sound?
Why do gay men always have candles near their asses?
Why did my wife cross the road?
Why is the son of Josip Tito and Adolph Hitler no fun at parties?
You know what really gets on my nerves?
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine?
Why did the skull win 1st place in the race?
Why is the white guy the scariest guy in prison?
Have you heard of the hard-working blind prostitute?
What happens when you combine Rick & Morty with a Solar Flare?
Why does Oedipus hate to swear?
What do you call a Russian with three testicles?
What kind of pizzas can tell the future?
Halloween joke (late): What do feminist ghosts keep fighting for?
What's the same about nail care and black people?
Why do dogs lick their dicks?
Have you ever tried eating a clock?
Is your pH 14?
What's the worst thing about being a gynecologist?
Did you hear about the brown paper bag cowboy?
Did you hear about the blind dog that never got lost?
Did you hear the Miami Heat's new theme song?
What is Hannibal Lecter's favorite Jane Austen quote?
Whats the difference between Pink Floyd and Princess Diana?
Why did the Jewish parents get mad at the rabbi?
How many skin divers does it take to circumcise a whale?
What's red and invisible?
How did the autistic boy survive his jump from a plane?
What's the difference between a saxophone and an onion?
Why are none talking in the ladies sauna?
What do you call a group of singing killer whales?
What do you call a math teacher in an anime?
What happens when you see two twin sister witches?
Why can't you trust an Adam?
What do books and sex have in common?
How long does it take to microwave a dead baby?
What is the difference between you and school tomorrow?
What Does Donald Trump Say as an acknowledgment during a discussion of a clever point made at one's expense?
What do you call 2 medics?
Do people who use the metric system have meter sales?
What do you ask a Jamaican who's baking a cake?
What did the melon say to his daughter after she tried to get married?
Did you hear about the convicted grammar Nazi?
Why is North Korea horrible?
What do you call a black detective?
Did you hear about the Paragraph that went to jail?
What's Blue and not heavy?
What does a Korean need when they're taking their dog out?
What do you say to Aziz Ansari when you forget his birthday?
What's a wavelength's favorite animal?
What do you get when you cross a peach with a bunny?
What does Joaquin Phoenix say when a car almost hits him?
Why do engineers work out a lot?
What do you call saplings in the army?
Why'd the baker resort to prostitution?
Did you guys hear about that pastor who refused to perform a Full House themed lesbian wedding?
What does black spiderman say to spiderman ?
Why did Billy not care who he offended while posting on the internet?
Why shouldn't you beat up a retarded midget?
What is Vladimir Putin's favourite subject?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
Why did the run on sentence think that it was pregnant?
What's red and smells like white paint?
How many Chinese people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What is the most popular style in Moscow salons?
Why was the old Jewish woman afraid her chauffeur got her pregnant?
How many Mexicans does it take to pave a driveway?
A partnerswitch?
What did the redditor do to a post?
How is a woman like a condom?
What did the Game of Thrones character say when he saw the slutty door?
What does your mom and Pac-man have in common?
Have you ever heard of the lady who was accused of being the infamous Quilted Killer?
what to ketchup and a condom have in common?
Dang girl, are you a zombie?
Have you ever tried to eat a clock?
What does a neckbeard call a disease or ailment?
What does a cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend?
Hey baby, have you got a time machine?
Why can't you feel photons?
Why shouldn't Hellen Keller drive?
What's the difference between a musician and a 14-inch pizza?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
What does the Lego man do for fun?
Why aren't pigs invited to black tie events?
What did the statue say to the other statue?
How do you get Holy water?
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
What's another name for a dictator?
What's the difference between an Elephant and a post box?
Why is a marriage like a hurricane?
What do you call Judge Judy when she dresses like a vampire?
What does the dead comedian cook with?
Schrödinger, what have you done to our cat?
What did the swollen prostate say during the prostatectomy?
what do you call a gay dinosaur?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
What is the first thing they teach you at Gardening school?
What is white and disturbs your lunch?
Why is it really hard to convince Egyptians?
What is worse?
why Palestinians have the fastest computers?
Have you ever tried Ethiopian food?
What do you call a wanker on a plane?
Did you hear about the constipated accountant?
Do you have a private part?
What do you call meat on the back of a cow?
How do you make your wife scream after sex?
What happens when a bull and a horse go to a bar?
Why won't Americans switch to a dollar coin?
On Kashyyyk, Chewbacca's homeworld, would amateur junior-level warriors be called Rookie Wookies?
What do you call a sea Captain's hilarious fictional book about bellybuttons?
Where does the midget pizza chef with epilepsy work?
What do you call a joke about oral sex?
Did you hear what happened to Lot's wife?
Why do gangsters save so much money on clothes?
Where do sick boats go?
What did the druggie do when he got acid?
Did you guys hear about the kidnapping today?
Why are there so many fish in the sea?
Why was Hitler doomed to fail?
What shakes and sits at the bottom of the ocean?
Why didn't Abraham Lincoln go to jail?
Whats the difference between congress and parliament?
Hey girl whats your sine?
Are you alone?
What do you get when you're bitten by a mosquito wearing a fedora?
What's the difference between Gordon Ramsey and a run in the forest?
What's the difference between fog and mist?
Have you ever had sex while camping?
Where do douchebags get their clothes?
What do you call a doctor who only swims with his t on?
What are Kierkegaard's two favourite fruits?
What do you call a fat Mexican?
Why did Verizon's mailman get fired?
What did the Mexican doctor tell the Lone Ranger?
Why do blondes have bruises around their belly buttons?
What's the bro-iest airport in the US?
What do you call it when someone hacks your bank account, and performs a transaction that leaves you with exactly as much money as you had before?
The girl asks her father "what's the difference between theory and reality"?
Why did the Mexican push his wife off the building?
What does FIAT stand for?
What do you call someone who has sex for spaghetti?
What's the difference between a Lamborghini and a dead baby?
What do you call a former CIA agent when a winter storm hits?
What do astronauts do to host a party?
Did you know diarrhoea is hereditary?
What's dirtier then fingering your sister?
Who's your friend who likes to play?
What's the difference between /r/jokes and your mom?
Why don't they make bouncy houses for adults?
What's green, has 6 legs and if it fell from a tree it would kill you?
What do you call it when an alcoholic stops drinking?
Why do donut shops not hire security?
What do you say to a person at a funeral held at 10 A.M.?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
What do you call an Asian driveby?
What is the favourite part of Halloween for a pedophile?
Why did the electric car finish the race early?
What's a pirate's favorite fast food restaurant?
What do you call a train that eats too much?
What does an orphan and a bottle of champagne have in common?
What is the one smell you can never get out of the house, no matter what you spray or what incense you burn?
Why did the Chemist give up a singing career?
How do you know you're talking to a pilot?
What does Batman get in his drink?
What do mexicans drink in the morning?
Where is the best place to buy chicken broth?
Why cant a Gorilla get a job?
Why did the Kenyans win the marathon?
What email service do gay people use?
What's a Jawa's favorite salad dressing?
What do you get if you cross a Boxer and a Pug?
What did the gay guy say to Pinocchio?
Did you hear about the straight white male viscount who ruled with an iron fist over one field?
Why did the cowboy get a dachshund?
What do you call a black man on the moon?
Who's the best grammar Nazi?
Why does government matter?
How do you know what kind of Jewish wedding you're at?
How do you call a singing PC?
What do you call a magic owl?
My dad just text me, "I'm fleeing the cuntry." I'm like, "Wtf does that mean". His reply?
Have you heard the joke from the kid with short attention-span?
How does a mathematician deal with constipation?
What do you call a black man that has three children?
Why does noone listen ever to the guy who talks with his mouth full?
Why was the piano teacher arrested?
Lame number joke: Why is 8 scared of 7?
What is a British Scholar's favorite store?
What do you call the sweat between two rednecks making love?
What falls first an apple or a black man?
What's red and bad for your teeth?
Why can't ghosts have babies?
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear?
Why don't you go down on a girl first thing in the morning?
What do you give an injured alligator?
What's the best thing about an Ethiopian?
Why should you never take a swordfish out to dinner?
Did you hear about the man who lost his left arm and left leg?
Why are politicians different from prostitutes?
Which plant talks the most crap?
Why shouldn't ISIS be destroying ancient Mesopotamian buildings?
What is brown all around and looks good on a motorcyclist?
What's the useless skin around a vagina called?
Did you hear that some aquatic mammals escaped from the zoo?
What do you call Chinese jewelry?
What do you call a wolf that's aware of its surroundings?
Why was everyone mad after the annual animal race?
What do Italians eat on Halloween?
Who's Bill Cosby's favourite Disney princess?
What do you call a Canadian group of racists?
how was copper wire invented?
What's a skeleton's favorite dish?
Why do Mac users have such high electricity bills, but low gas bills?
So I asked my wife, were you faking it last night?
What is 90-60-90?
What do you call a teacher who's always late?
Why did the shark go to the doctors?
What is the longest word in the English language?
Why cant witches get pregnant?
Have you heard about the homeless assassin?
Which is heavier, a coin or a ship?
what if princess leia went to the dark side?
Have you heard about the new club with the gloryholes?
How can you spot a blind man in a nudist camp?
Damn girl, are you a pig?
What's your favorite genre of music?
What do you call a myth from the middle east?
What do you call two lonely bastards drinking together?
Why does a squirrel swim on its back?
If you have a donkey and I have a rooster, and your donkey bites off my roosters feet. What do you have?
Why did President Obama get two terms?
What time is it?
Damn girl are you a planet?
How did the butcher introduce his wife?
What drink did the Karate Master order?
What did a cyberman say to John Smith?
What is Worse than Ants in your pants?
Heyy Ladies how are you dressing up for Halloween?
Why are so many ghosts alcoholics?
How can you tell when a bar is haunted?
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court?
What did Robin Williams say to the tortilla chip?
Why do old computers develop so many errors?
Is your birthday the 10th of October?
What is the difference between acne and a catholic priest?
Who led the Jews across a semi-permeable membrane?
Do you know any synonym for quitter ?
Why was the ghost sad on Halloween?
Why do programmers celebrate Christmas on Halloween?
what is the most confusing day in the ghetto?
Why did the short vampire like to gamble?
Did you hear that actress got stabbed?
What do rednecks do on Halloween?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What did one kangaroo say to the other kangaroo?
why is rain the best kind of music?
What sort of activity is eagle hunting classified as these days?
How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a quadriplegic time traveler?
What did one plate say to the other plate?
What do you say to a woman with 2 black eyes?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
Why did I get divorced?
What did the woman say to her husband after her mastectomy?
How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Why do Nuns always wear the same thing?
Q: How do Chinese people name their babies?
What noise does a Hebrew train make?
What's DJ Khalid's favorite number?
Why did the joke on /r/jokes get removed?
What do Hitler and Terry Fox have in common?
What's the difference between a pirate and a necrophiliac?
What does a gay horse eat?
What do you get when you goose a ghost?
Why do we call rulers "Your Highness"?
How do you make a post man sad?
What will the sequel to Lake Placid that takes place 50 years later be called?
What do you call a quantum physicist's hair style?
What do Michael Jackson and McDonald's have in common?
What do you call a rotten potato?
What's the difference between a baby and a bag of cocaine?
How do you keep niggers from hanging in your backyard?
What did the ghost of a WWI soldier who died in the war say to the feminist who died by choking on a chicken wing and her own hypocrisy?
What do you call the place where lesbian Eskimos meet up?
Why do seagulls fly by the sea?
What's Karen Carpenter's Phone Number?
What is the best kind of weed?
When is a fairy NOT a fairy?
What are the most common mistakes your ______ makes in bed?
What do you get when you mix an octopus and a Mexican?
What does a dyslexic klan member hate?
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg?
What did the snail say when he jumped on the turtle's back?
How much does a Cockney pay for shampoo?
What did the former governor of California say after he helped the old lady cross the street?
Why do white people think they can say the N word?
What do you call a fat alcoholic?
My 3yo told me this joke Tuesday morning...What do Humu Humu fish say on Halloween?
What do you get when you goose a ghost?
What do Canadian women put behind their ears to attract men?
How attractive are skeletons?
Why did the computer programmer get stuck in the shower forever?
What do you call a German virgin?
How many PETA members does it take to change a lightbulb?
A magnet walks into a bar...., what does he order?
Looking for Texas?
What's a ghost's favorite sexual act?
What do you call a fart in the middle of the night? What do you call a fart in the mourning?
What is something all Hispanic people write in college?
What do you say to your girlfriend with two black eyes?
What would be a Jew's fighting stance in mortal kombat?
Why couldn't the expert fisherman get any dates?
What was the fat asian rapper's name?
How did the Norse god of mischief celebrate his birthday?
What do you call cute seeds?
What is the worst way to ask for a cigarette in San Francisco?
Did you hear about the emotional wedding?
Bras come in sizes A, B, C, etc. So what's the biggest bra?
What happened when the 26th letter of the alphabet hit puberty?
What do you call an Ape cooking a BBQ?
Who let the dogs out?
What do you do when you see a space man?
What is Confidence?
Which Norse God consistently uses VPNs?
Did you hear the joke about the dead baby?
Did you see the 75th annual ninja parade in downtown Tokyo?
How do you call 4 blacks in a car falling off the cliff?
-Do you know what the girls say when the see a large penis?
what's alike about jeffrey dahmer and a taxidermist?
What do you call it when you study the Quran while eating a scoop of vanilla ice cream?
What's does a cannibal eat for breakfast?
How do birds kiss?
Why do Demons and Ghouls hang out together?
What's the first thing a Browser does?
What is a long distance love?
What do prime numbers and stoners have in common?
Ancient egyption Pickup lines?
What Is The Best Age Of marriage?
Why Did The Vulcanologist Go To Jail?
Why do you need to carry radioactive materials in sealed, lead containers?
How do you tell X chromosomes from Y chromosomes?
Why did Steve hate being the youngest clone?
What does an asylum have in common with a squirrel's house?
Why do engineers mix up Halloween and Christmas?
How did the butcher introduce his wife?
Why is Jesus so bad at hockey?
Where does Muscle Milk come from?
If the Army has chaplains, what does the Navy have?
Why does Gru speak with an accent?
Has anyone here ever tried Ethiopian food?
What did one mushroom say to the other as he passed him on the street?
What did the nihilist wish for on his birthday?
What did one nihilistic dolphin say to the other?
How do you ship 100 jews across the country?
Why is air a lot like sex?
What letter has to wait in line the longest?
Why don't black people stain white clothes when they pick them up?
How do you sell a chicken to someone who is hard of hearing?
What does the bro vampire say to his male victim that he just seduced and finished sucking his blood?
If vegetarians eat vegetables, what do you suppose humanitarians eat?
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the difference between Americans and Europeans?
What vegetable is a bug most afraid of?
What do root vegetables do at tha club?
There's an upcoming Dreamworks movie about a Viking man's struggle with alcoholism, do you know what it's called?
How many Mormons does it take to drink a 12 pack of beer?
Did you hear the one about the guy who farted in the Hollow Log?
Why are elephants so poor?
What do Glenn Rhee, Jon Snow, and the Terminator have in common?
Why are jews afraid to eat pussy?
What's an Xbox fanboys' least favourite film?
How many redditors does it take to change a light bulb?
Whats the leading cause of pedophilia?
How do you get down off of an elephant?
What is the hardest part about being a pedophile?
Why couldn't the Dali Lama go out and play with his friends?
Why should you always invite more than one Baptist on a fishing trip?
What do you do when you see your neighbour staggering in the back yard?
Why was the poor comedian tubing on a communist river?
Why did Satan need life alert?
How many vegetarians does it take to eat a whole hotdog?
What is a Canadian's favorite board game?
Interviewer: just imagine you are on a 8th floor, it caught fire. How will you escape?
What do you call a dumb elephant?
Why do they never serve a beer at math party?
What made the orange stop suddenly?
What did the snowman do when he saw a snow blower go by?
Why did the cannibal stab the chef with a toothpick?
Why did James Bond higher a man with Parkinson's to be his butler?
What is iron-man's gender?
How is a meditating monk and a fiber-optic cable similar?
Have you ever traveled in time?
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
What do Ethiopians and Yoko Ono have in common?
What did the critic think of German food?
Why did the small Egyptian climb to the top of the pyramid?
What is white on top and black on the bottom?
Has anybody ever noticed that you can get salmonella from chicken...but not chickenmonella from salmon?
What do you call a door with no legs?
What happens when the smog lifts in Los Angeles?
What do you call a traitor with a lisp?
What's Hitler's favorite drink?
What did the Métis people think of the look on Stephen Harper's face when he lost the election?
Which administrative ghost is responsible for auditing all of the incoming/outgoing hauntings?
How much is the price of sex in New Zealand?
What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas?
How cute does one have to be to make sparks fly?
Why did the bear dissolve in water?
What does a French carpenter say when he runs out of nails?
You know who could really get a party started?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why did the crab take the last slice of pizza?
Do math majors get degrees or radians?
Ever had Ethiopian food?
How was the Red Sea formed?
What did the creationist student say when asked why he didn't have his homework on natural selection?
What do you get when you cross a Jehovah's Witness with a Skinhead?
Why can't a Mac sing?
Why was the programmer's code incomprehensible?
what do use to lure really big fish?
What kind of music do balloons hate the most?
Whats the best part of living in Switzerland?
What do cigarettes and pussy have in common?
Why did the strawberry take the fig to the movies?
What do you call a collection of research and papers on a child molester?
What did the black man get for his son on christmas?
How did the cavemen in the far east protect them selves?
What do you call a mouse with no balls?
Why are the landmarks in Paris quarantined?
What do you call a drum that causes problems?
What did "Nock" say to "K"?
How does a sailor remove a condom?
What do you call a politician with premature ejaculation?
How do you get Akbar to shut up?
How spicy would you like your clairvoyants?
Why do Communists drink herbal tea?
What do you call a guy who's great at tying flies?
What does a owl say when it stumps it foot?
Ever hear the one about the Chinese Godfather?
What Were Franco's Secret Police Called?
What do you call bagels that can fly?
What do you call an unconscious foot?
What do you get when you remove the center board from a wood bridge?
Why is stephen harper a bad stripper?
How does a sailor remove a condom?
What is a Minnesotan's favorite state to vacation in?
Do you fall for 'click bait'?
What did one sperm say to the other?
what is Bruce/Caitlyn Jenner's latest award?
Where was Matthew McConaughey headed in those Lincoln commercials?
What do you call a fat Asian?
What do you call an Indian Pornstar?
How does Batman's mom call him home for dinner?
How did the German dad scold his son for eating too much frozen dessert?
Did you hear about the iguana that couldn’t change colour?
What did the balding German frau exclaim when her husband left her?
What does a nosey pepper do?
What is Long, has two balls and you lift it ?
What is a hippies favourite type of cigarette?
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume?
What is the entity responsible of sending lions to space?
Did you know that diarrhea is hereditary?
Did you hear about the guy who got his whole left side cut off?
What's a sheep's favorite type of alcohol?
What did the father say to the pedophile at the beach?
What's the difference between a deaf person and my wife?
What do you call someone who slaps their siblings daughter?
What kind of bees produce milk?
What kind of doctor never leaves the hospital?
Why did the boy drop his Ice Cream?
What do you get a kid without arms for Christmas?
What does a dyslexic Christian worship?
Why can't America play chess?
Where do Shitposters hang out?
What do you call a talk on male anatomy?
What was the name of the Indian DJ?
What do you call a mentally handicapped lion?
What does an Asian chicken sound like?
There was 30 cows in a field and 20 8(ate) how many didn't?
How many physicists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did the grinch cross the road?
Why is a physicist's dream vacation in Alaska?
What did Bobby Mcferrin say to his beer?
Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milkshakes?
Why was the horse kicked out of the country western bar?
How many dead-heads does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why did the black guy get mad at the pirate?
What's the difference between a robber and a politician?
What do you call a armless, legless man in water?
What do you give Sean Connery when hes eating nachos in a bathtub?
Knock knock. - Who is there?
Why do hurricanes have women name?
How do you know tickle me Elmo is male?
Did you hear about the guy who chugged 8 cokes?
What did the Mexican fire chief name his two sons?
What do you get when you cross my brain with a cat?
What do the USA and a black hole have in common?
Someone: What are you up to? Me: Fuxing with all my facebook friends via their newsfeeds. You?
What do you call a fat rat?
How do you know your local police are South African?
What do your girlfriends personality and breasts have in common?
What do you call 16 white American people?
What do you get when you drop your frozen waffle at the beach?
What happens if you feed Link some Speed?
Why can't you have multi-story buildings in China?
How does Darth Vader like his milk?
What do you say to pasta that gets thrown out?
What do Kim Kardashian and Hurricane Sandy have in common?
Teacher: What is the difference between lightning and electricity?
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
How does a sloth hang itself?
How did the Ethiopian escape prison?
What do you call 10 Ethiopians tied together?
Why couldn't Mario ever watch Netflix with Peach?
Why was the Energizer Bunny tried in court?
What did Hillary Clinton say to the battered black woman?
Why do pessimists always think it's the weekend?
How do you impregnate a nun?
What do you call a super cool assassin?
Whats a rapists perfect date?
Why are sinks depressed?
Why do hurricanes always have female names?
Windows 7, windows 8, windows 10, Why did they skip 9?
What's the fastest way to ruin free pie?
What do you call a Social Justice Warrior in a society of strippers?
What is a recently divorced woman's favorite fruit?
What does the base-jumping gardener say?
How many Frenchmen does it take to defend Paris?
Hey girl, are you made of lead?
Hey girl, are you a group of integrable functions?
Did you hear about the popcorn that was demoted?
What do you call a wookie in concentration camp?
What's the difference between a lentil and a chick pea?
What does Mark Wahlberg eat for breakfast?
How do you get 50 Canadians out of a swimming pool?
Have you heard about the Dead Sea?
Why does skrillex suck at fishing?
What's the difference between a cat and a comma?
Do I look like a fan to you?
What´s the difference between a baby and a 10g of cocaine?
How do you know humans can't reincarnate as insects?
What do you get when you cross Tumblr with anything?
Have you heard of the joke about the broken coinfactory?
Why is Santa's sack so big?
What do you call it when frankenstein's monster's wife gets her period?
You know how I can prove Jesus wasn't black?
Why is King Arthur seen as the Father of England?
Why did the pop star die of hypothermia?
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color?
How do you piss off a redditor?
Why did Taco Bell hire Eminem?
Why is Alabama the worlds biggest sandwich?
What does a Mexican do when their cake is insulted?
What happened to the Mexican after he took heroin for the third time?
What the difference between the titanic and climate change?
What's the best part about sleeping with twenty five year olds?
What were the French children doing in the pool?
What letter do pirates guess most often on Wheel of Fortune?
Want to piss off a female archeologist?
Why did the chickens cross the road?
Why did 20 blondes stand outside the bar?
What's the favourite toy of Turkish rulers?
What do scientists say when they meet each other?
Why do most men die before their wives?
What's the difference between erotic and kinky?
If Ebenezer Scrooge were a sheep, what kind of hat would he wear?
How do you get Pikachu on a bus?
What do you call a transformer in a canoe?
What do you have left after you burn a French alphabet?
Where do the Japanese store defective mannequin feet?
Where would you park your camel?
What happened to when the coke bottle was ran over by the steam roller?
What kind of overalls does Mario wear?
What do you call someone who is skilled with their mouth?
Why don't biology and physics get on?
How do you start a baby shower?
Did you hear about the guy who died to a bear?
Whats Your Favorite Color?
What do you call two ordinary ghosts?
What's Michael J Fox's favorite song?
You hear about the bodybuilder who got Alzheimer's?
Did you hear about the wimp at the seafood buffet?
What Do You Call A Person Who Hates Everyone?
What do you call a Muslim organization that rejects Muhammed?
What do you call a fly without wings?
Whats the longest running Canadian joke?
What's wrong with the phrase "War on Drugs"?
Who invented schools and teaching?
What did Pac-Man say when he almost got run over?
What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone?
What's the best thing to do when your tinder date never shows?
Have you heard the joke about the Butter?
Have you heard that HPV had spread to birds?
What do you call an elephant/rhino mix?
What is the similarity of pizza and your parents?
What pizza chain does Michael J. Fox drive for?
What is globalization?
What do you call a philosopher that kind of wants to play soccer?
How does a french alcoholic greet someone?
What happens when you eat too much seafood?
How do you know a woman is wearing tights?
How do you make music by releasing fish?
If you drop a white hat into the Red Sea, what does it become?
Great Scot, Marty! You know what you'd get if I locked myself in a room with the old-me from 1955 and convinced my other self never to build a time machine?
What do termites put on their toast?
Why did the drill instructor squirt condiments on his trainees in the morning?
What's John Cena's favourite part of the sunset?
An artilleryman says what?
Do your Dads know your straight?
Why does a montonegran man keep a chair next to his bed?
What did Michael J. Fox's dad say when Michael J. Fox tried to parallel park?
Is it solipsistic in here or is it just me?
What looks like grass but is red?
What's black and all over the place?
What do you call the space between Pamela Anderson's breasts?
Why were the German tomatoes drunk?
What does a polite Southerner call a golden shower?
How many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs?
What language do pigs speak?
How many potatos does it take to kill an Irishman?
Why did Nike release a vine of the "Back to the Future" Power Lace shoes??
How do you make a hormone?
Why do you need sauce with sausages?
How do you tell if your girlfriend's ticklish?
What do you call a dog magician?
Why are most Hotwheel cars Ford?
What's Magneto's favorite type of music?
What do you call a pair of eyeglasses that questions its surroundings?
What is Jabba the Hutt's favorite snack?
Did you hear about the midget psychic on the run from the law?
Why did all the gay people in china go out to vote?
Q: How many buddhists does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you get when you put 50 lawyers in a room with 50 lesbians?
What's Piccolo's preferred type of car?
What is the difference between a robot and a sandwich?
Whats a Pirates favorite letter?
Did you download the new Jewber app?
Why does rain make people sad?
Do you know why the guy who picks up medical waste from the vet drives a car shaped like a dog bone?
What's the square root of 69?
What does a clock do when it's hungry?
How many Roman pirates does it take to change a light bulb?
What are those hats called?
Rubbing equal ?
What's the easiest part about eating Jews for dinner?
You know why fish are so smart?
What are mountain men famous for?
What is the most pirated movie ever?
A boy to his mother: Do you know how much suffering the poor beast had to endure for you to get this fur coat?
How do you call a lesbian's pussy?
What's the difference between America and yoghurt?
What do you call an exceptionally smart Native American?
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?
Why does a blonde woman close her eyes in front of the mirror?
Why don't north Koreans listen to funk?
Why do jews drive so fast?
What do you call an underwater masochist?
What side dishes did Jesus eat at the last supper?
Did you hear about the helicopter that crashed in the graveyard?
What was Forrest Gump's email password?
When in Canada, what is Bruce Lee's favorite vegetable?
What did the farmer say when he found dynamite in one of his cows?
What do you call it when two pedophiles get into a car accident?
How much of the First Nations vote did Stephen Harper get?
What is a duck's favorite drug?
What did one ox say to another ox?
What's the trick to satisfying your wife or girlfriend with only 3.5 inches?
Why is it OK to wash an American flag in hot water?
Who was the first mathematician?
Why can't Keanu Reeves eat his soup?
Know why everyone likes bananas?
Why do seagulls fly over the sea, not the bay?
What do you call a Knight that cuts beef?
Hey girl, are you my math homework?
Why did 2Pac go to the gym?
What's the one movie that Rick Astley won't let you borrow?
Who make great murderers?
Can anybody share something nice about Switzerland?
What is white and goes up?
Why does Waldo always wear stripes?
What happens when a feminist and a sociopath date?
What are renal doctors good at?
How to pass a very difficult exam?
How does a police officer go to the bathroom?
What did the pirate say when he saw a woman giving head?
How many Northern Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many tickles do you give an octopus?
What do you call a war between two cannibal tribes?
Why should one masturbate while calling Comcast customer support?
What do a homeless woman and an American football player have in common?
What does a guy who can predict the lottery numbers 99% of the time have in common with the letters C, D, G, H, J, K, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T, U, V, W, X, Y, and Z?
How do you call mosquitoes where you live?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
What is AdBlock?
What was the first 3D printer?
What do you call a sad strawberry?
What do you call a fusion between Batman and Superman?
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral?
Damn girl, are you a 48-pack of frozen corn dogs?
How many tickles does it take to get an octopus to laugh?
What happened when the cheese factory exploded?
Damn girl are you a Scientology Church?
What did Mr. Freeze call himself when he joined Batman's fight against criminals?
How does Moses make his tea?
What's the easiest way to come out of the closet?
Does anyone know how to get make-up off a dog?
Do you know what I hate most about Reddit?
Why did the Crip cross the road?
What do you call a Greek guy walking down the stairs?
What does modern horror films and the 2000 presidential election have in common?
Why did the skeleton go alone to prom?
What do you call a greedy roman god?
What's the difference between my ex and my toaster?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
How do you throw a party in space?
Hey US sports fans of reddit, did you know you can play fantasy sports for money online?
What's a zombies favorite exercise?
What's grey and can't fly?
What do lawyers wear to court?
Why does a flamingo stand on one leg?
Why did the chick cross the road?
Hey girl, do you like trucks?
What's the fastest thing in Bulgaria?
Q: Why can't a blonde dial 911?
What is the worst way for a donkey to die?
What was Will Smith's occupation before he was an actor?
Did you hear about the whale that went to the party?
What do rednecks do on halloween?
What do you call a black hitchhiker?
How many times should you check whether a sentence is written in English or Spanish?
What's the sound of a one-handed corpse clapping?
Did you hear about the bread store that burned down?
What's black and white and red all over?
What type of bees make milk...?
What do you call the kids claiming "We don't need no education"?
Why do all Jewish guys have purple penises?
Why is Lamar Odom so much fun...?
How do Jedis close their programs on a Mac?
Why wouldn't Hannibal Lecter eat clowns?
How do depressed people lighten' up?
What do you say upon hearing a bad Halloween joke?
What does Michael J Fox do when his son parks in his space?
What happens after Amy Chua?
What does a vegan ghost eat?
What do you say to a Jewish New Zealander?
Where do the Mexican truckers hang out?
What did Nietzsche tell his editor when he finished writing Thus Spoke Zarathustra?
Why do squirrels swim on their backs?
Hey girl, are you a fan?
Did you hear about the optometrist who fell into a lens grinder?
What do you call it when batman skips church?
How many angels can a pinhead dance on?
Why couldn't the radish finish the race?
What do you call a Tumblr user who identifies as a device which inflates a tire?
Why was Han solo so suspicious after sticking his dick in Princess Leia for the first time?
How do you get Holy Water?
What do you call a cylinder with a GED?
How do you surprise a blind man?
What was the title of the soundtrack to 'The Inconvenient Truth'?
Why are pills white?
What do you call an overweight homosexual?
What do you call the teacher who's late?
What do rednecks do for Halloween?
What has two legs and bleeds?
Did you know Bonnie Tyler has released a cardiology DVD?
What's black and screaming?
Why did the storm trooper decide to buy an iPhone?
What's Whitney Houstons favourite kind of co-ordination?
What do you call a tick on the moon?
How tall was Hitler?
How do you get a horse out of jail?
What do you call a punctual urban garden gnome?
What did the umpire say when Randy Johnson hit a bird with his pitch?
Why'd the short man take the elevator up?
So girl on a scale of 1 to America how free are you tonight?
Why don’t you ever see hippopotamus hiding in trees?
What do you call a sad tree?
Whats the best thing about duct tape?
What did the Mexican firefighter name his two sons?
What do you call a Mexican who can't find his vehicle?
Did Y'all Hear About the Cutlery Salesman Who Got in an Accident?
What do you call a man with no legs?
How many Ukrainians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why can't the train lady have a baby?
What do you get when you cross a dove and a serpent?
Is there a month between April and June?
Why were people angry wen the chiken crossed the rd?
Damn girl are you the meta?
What do you call a black man in space?
How do we know Jesus was a man?
How come Jesus didnt play hockey?
What's black and white and red allover?
What kind of shoes do bears wear?
Did you hear the one about the deaf guy?
What did the dyslexic chemist do?
What do you use when you go fishing for nudes on the internet?
What was the slogan for the cross-dresser's party?
How do you get a one armed Canadian out of a tree?
Why did Hitler like his Adidas's?
What do you get when you cross the Queen and Prince Charles?
What's the difference between saying sorry and apologizing?
What picture does a cup get when it goes to prison?
What is the most commonly heard four-letter word in a whorehouse?
How do alien hunters keep from oversleeping?
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public?
Did you hear about the curbs going on strike?
What does a Pirate say when he turns 80?
Why do astronauts bring their phone into space?
Did you hear about the two guys that stole a calendar?
What do you get when you put a flight stick in an egg?
Hey, bud. Who's Charles Foster Kane's favourite character in Titanic, bud?
Who do you call for the console police?
Why was the United Nations concerned when the waitress dropped the platter on Thanksgiving?
Why couldn't Jesus play marbles?
What pets think about their owners?
What's a cheetah's favorite food?
How many babies does it take to open a door?
Which hand did Henry VIII use to wipe his bottom with?
What do you call a gamer girl on her period?
Where does Eskimo-Senpai live?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
What a common problem with r/jokes and FedEx?
How does Bob Marley like his donuts?
What did the lonely ghost do at 2 in the morning?
What's a slave's favorite type of music?
Where does a knight go to get his armor?
What did San Andreas said to the Earthquake?
How is Ducktape like the Force?
Who's the most popular guy on a nude beach?
What's the difference between white socks and red socks?
[Serious] what are the serious impacts of drinking water just after you had had a wet dream?
Which joke has the maximum HOT Nuns in it?
What do you call a bra designed for neutrois?
What do you call 3 mexicans breaking into somewhere?
Did you hear about the Irish firing squad?
Why did the janitor file for a divorce?
Teacher - if my cup is half full, what does that mean?
Did you hear that the guys from "The Expendables" are doing a movie about classical composers?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why is almond milk called almond milk?
Why don't cows smoke weed?
What is the opposite of a meme?
Did you hear about a vampire that joined the Nazi party?
How many Bill Cosbys does it take to change a light bulb?
Son, do we have any dop Ted?
Where did the zombie go on his night out?
A Canadian attended a Sanders political rally. He blended in completely with all the Americans gathered. How did everyone around him know that he was Canadian?
If the women with big boobs work at hooters... where do the women with only one leg work?
how long does it take for a woman to reach orgasm?
How many cats can you fit in a smart car?
In what situation would you need Nancy to come out of the ground?
Why does the KKK hate bowling?
Why are the streets in Paris lined with trees?
What's the difference between a Mexican and a notebook?
What's your birth certificate?
What do you call a Jew that can fly?
How does our solar system organize a party?
How can a mouse kill an elephant?
Knock knock. Who's there? Budweiser. Budweiser who?
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?
What do you call an Irish gay couple?
What do you call an elderly nun riding a scooter?
Do you know what a Pokemon is?
Why did Hitler like blind people?
Did you hear about the jurisprudence fetishist?
Why are white girls always tired?
How many hippies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why are Michael J. Fox's milkshakes the best?
What type of deer have no eye?
Why are softball games so hard to follow?
Are your parents bakers?
Did you know Canada was initially spelled Cnd?
What is a prostitute's favorite vegetable?
Have you heard the Eric Garner joke?
What is Lil' John's favorite exercise?
What do you call people who immigrate to Sweden?
Did you hear about the zombie that went vegan?
What's the name of a musical collaboration between Shia LaBeouf and a Judge?
What do you call a Scotsman with gas after a dodgy curry?
How will an IT guy fix a lamp?
What kind of meth do nerds like?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
[Serious] Assuming Donald Trump wins the elections, what will he contribute for the betterment of America and its global relations?
What's the difference between a Priest and Pimples?
Why couldn't OP make it as a standup comedian?
What's an Impressionist's favorite condiment?
How many transgender people does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the difference between a car tire and 365 blowjobs?
What does Bruce Lee drink when he's thirsty?
Why do engineering majors refer to themselves "engineers"?
Why Is there a little angel on top of the Christmas tree?
Did you hear they removed the essay portion from the SAT?
What's a young monkey's favorite time of the school day?
How many narcissists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call a Mexican little person?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
Did you hear about the birthday party thief?
What do you call a French boy wearing Sandals?
Have you ever tried eating a clock?
What's the difference between Lamar Odom and a hooker?
Why did the square breakup with the circle?
Why are divorces so expensive?
Do you know why Petyr's last name is Baelish?
What a few black wolves and a classic musician have in common?
What do you call a slutty UPS driver?
Why does Stevie Wonder smile all the time?
Why didn't the oyster have any friends?
What do you call an online correspondence with a transvestite?
When's sex not work?
What do you call a hookers fart?
What did the roach say after a series of disappointing hotel stays?
What is the difference between a feminist and a machist?
What's the feeling you get when you run out of consonant tiles near the end of a game of scrabble and each turn takes forever because you can't make any words?
What do biographers and serial killers have in common?
What's red and smells like blue paint?
Which vitamine are feminists missing?
Why can't a blonde dial 911?
What do you call two Korean lovers?
Did you hear about the first time Alexander The Great went to a brothel?
What runs, but never sprints?
What’s the difference between a Catholic priest and acne?
What does an Ethiopian eat for breakfast?
What is a cucumber and a dolphin doing in the same room?
You know what's funny about Asians?
Urban babushka, why can't I use GPS?
What did the dumb Electrical Apprentice say to the journeyman?
[moved] and [removed] were in a boat. [moved] fell out. Who was left?
Why was the little strawberry sad?
What does the bumper sticker say on Caitlyn Jenner's car?
How does a queen get around her kingdom?
What do you call a single man who doesn't masturbate?
What's the difference between Americans and ice cream?
If you had a donkey and it bit off my rooster's legs, what do you have?
Why did the Hydroxyl molecule blow up the US Mint?
What's a shrimp boat captain's favorite drink?
What do you call a sarcastic abyss?
How do you change the number of sides on a Pentagon?
What do you call books about orange juice?
What was the root of the problem dark ages?
What do you call it when a Dinosaur can't perform in bed?
Why does the dog lick his balls ?
What do you get when you cross Tom Cruise with nails?
What does a cell that's full of shit do?
You guys wanna hear a miscarriage joke?
How do you know that you are dating a french horn player?
What's a disulfide bond's favourite holy site?
Why did I break up with my vegan girlfriend?
What happens when a sweatshop gets busted?
What do you call a teacher that doesn't fart in public?
What are Mario's pants made of?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
Why did the horse stumble?
What's the difference between a Hippo and a Zippo?
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?
why public hairs not gone white ?
How do you call a car enthusiast who's interested in bikes?
What does a suicidal man say to a suicidal girl?
What's it like being bipolar?
Why are frogs happy?
why do men like boobs?
Did to hear about the man with a cold who bought gold tissues?
What did one butt cheek say to the other butt cheek?
How did the farmer find his wife?
What is Link's favorite Final Fantasy character?
What did James Potter say to his wife when she told him she's been cheating with one of his friends ?
Why do pencils shave?
Did you hear about the dispensary that was selling suppositories?
What's the best benefit of working for ISIS?
How can you tell if a black girl is pregnant?
What did they give the guy who invented the doorknocker?
Hey girl, are you Karma?
What's grey, has four legs, howls at the moon, and eats cement?
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the Batmobile?
What do you call a dictionary on drugs?
How do scientists develop chewing gum flavors?
What do you call Mr. LaBeouf when he converts to Islam?
What do you call a Polish chicken stuck in a tree?
Why didn't the chicken cross the road?
Why do girls wear so much make-up and perfume?
What happens when so-and-so step in the neutrino's urine?
How many kids with ADHD does it take to change a light bulb?
How do you say "touchdown" in Polish?
Did you hear about the arms dealer who's giving away M18 Claymores with every purchase?
Girl, is your name Hoover?
What do you get when you combine a dill pickle and a doughnut?
What are your best corny jokes?
You know what's funny?
If a quiz is quizzical what is a test?
Why didn't Harry Potter want to date Hermione?
What did the cow is standing all alone in a field say?
How many Northern Californians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How old is Cam Brain?
Whats the most common day to get sick on?
What does a landmine field and my pet friendly apartment complex have in common?
Where's the best place to hide an elephant?
What is long, hard, and full of seamen?
What's the most prominent religion in Canada?
What do you get when you mix yoga and scouting?
How many Comcast customer service agents does it take to change a lightbulb?
Q: What do you cast a containment device out of element 28 in?
Why did the hillbillies save some doe?
What's the difference between a bass player and a large pizza?
Did u hear about the prostitute with no legs?
Why didn't the life guard save the hippy?
Why did the scarecrow receive a prize?
Whats the difference between a Hippo and a Zippo?
Why is hay so unreliable?
Why doesn't Gandalf dress as a pimp for Halloween?
Why did the hipster salmon not get to breed?
An invisible bomb was just invented, what do you call it?
What do you call a long bike ride with a bunch of cheap wine?
What's the best part about sleeping with a Cubs fan?
Why is Columbus a slang term for cocaine in Native American communities?
What do you call phrases that Jews often say?
What's the difference between in-laws and outlaws?
what's the difference between acne and a Catholic priest?
What is Tom Selleck's public relations firm called?
Have you heard a dad joke about dad jokes?
How do you call an intelligent blonde?
what a joke ??
Why did the black guy wear a tuxedo to his vasectomy?
Q: Why is it that programmers always confuse Halloween with Christmas?
What do call a Mexican midget?
Why is air a lot like sex?
What is worse, ignorance or indifference?
What's made of brass and sounds like Tom Jones?
Why are MMA fighters told not to blow their nose when in a fight?
What did the smoked salmon say after it realised it was no longer ill?
Why do people have sex when they go camping?
Why do feminists hate church music?
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo?
Does syria have any walmarts?
What winks and fucks like a tiger?
Q: You're sailing on a boat with a pack of cigarettes, but do not have a fire source, what do?
What do you do with 365 used condoms?
What do you say to Micheal Jackson when he is on the beach?
Why did Kermit the Frog never get with Ms Piggy?
Did you hear about Instagram, the weed delivery service?
What do you call a female meat cutter?
What happens when a lumberjack doesn't know which tree to cut next?
Why did a man bring a ladder to the party?
Why do babies love sticking things in their mouth?
What do you call a female barber?
Damn girl, are you a gibson?
What do you call a famous Internet pirate?
Why is Boromir such a hit at orgies?
you know why Santa sack is so big?
What do you call a Black Fisherman?
Damn girl, did you fall from heaven?
Damn girl, are you a Mediterranean fruit fly?
Why do cows wear bells?
What do rednecks do on Halloween?
Whats the only free food you will get from a Nigerian scammer?
Damn girl, are you misplaced silverware?
Why is dog man's best friend?
Why did the black man wear a tuxedo to his Vasectomy?
Damn girl, are you bubble wrap?
Why did the semen cross the road?
Why was the blond excited when she finished her puzzle after 6 months?
What's going to be thinner than the IPhone 8?
What did the Nazi with celiac disease say at the breakfast table?
What happens when Turkeys get the common cold?
What is the difference between a duck?
Are you made of berillium, gold and titanium?
have you heard about the couple who confused the tube of K-Y Jelly with window putty?
Damn, girl! Are you Iocane Powder?
Want to Hulu and chill?
What's the name of the rockstar who invented mouth ulcer gel?
Notre Dame beat Navy yesterday. If Navy beats ISIS, does that help Notre Dame's strength of schedule?
Damn girl, are you Deja Vu?
What's the difference between my guitar and my girlfriend?
Did you hear about the dyslexic musician who tried to do magic?
Do you believe in God?
Why do golf commentators speak softly?
Damn girl are you math?
damn girl, are you "damn girl" jokes?
Did you know Obama visited 17th century Italian artist/architect Bernini in a dream and told him to put ornate detail into his works?
What do you call a chihuahua with a rainbow colored fur?
Damn girl, are you damn girl?
Damn girl, are you some fresh coffee beans?
What kind of dog does Sauron have?
Damn girl, are you a gear?
Damn girl, are you a "Damn girl, are you a..." joke?
Damn girl are you a beaver?
Damn girl, are you a door?
Damn girl, are you Nutella?
Damn, girl are you a sketch on Saturday Night Live?
Damn girl, is your dad in jail?
Damn son are you a girl?
Why didn't the Siamese chicken cross the road?
What's a loli's favourite car?
What does a priest have in common with acne?
Damn team mate are you the ladbible?
What's an asian's favorite drug?
What did the singers say right before they had sex?
Damn girl, are you a huge piece of shit?
What do a chick and KFC have in common?
What's the difference between a Zippo and a hippo?
What do you call gay Dracula?
Did you hear about the drug that cures lesbianism?
What's the difference between a Zippo and a hippo?
What did the Jewish lady with Alzheimer's ask her husband?
Damn girl are you a Reddit trend?
Did it hurt when you fell?
What's a terrorists favorite sex toy?
What does a British midget get when he is told he is going to be crucified?
What's blue and gold and comes in brownies?
Damn girl, are you a ghost?
Why are there no bears in Antarctica?
What do you call a religious bird?
Excuse me ma'am could you tell me the date?
Why should you be quiet in a pharmacy?
Want to hear a joke?
Damn girl, are you Jamaican?
Damn girl, are you today's date?
Damn girl are you today's date?
Damn girl, are you from Syria?
Why did the football coach call his quarterback a hairdresser?
What kind of cake did Noah enjoy?
Why shouldn't you gamble in Africa?
Damn girl, are you the brownie I just dropped on the floor?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why did the sperm cross the road?
How do Mexicans cut their pizza?
What happened when the man put in mypenis as a password?
Damn girl, did it hurt?
What did the toilet say to the pee?
Wanna Know SomeThing Funny?
What do ghosts dress up as for Halloween?
Why was six afraid of seven?
Damn girl are you deaf?
Damn girl, did you fall from heaven?
What do you call a running gag on crutches?
Damn, girl, are you a Black Hole?
What do you call a band of otters!?
Damn girl are you a pet rock?
Why did the snooker player go to the toilet?
Are you today's date?
Damn girl, do you have a phone in your back pocket?
What do Reeva Steenkamp and Leondardo DiCaprio have in common?
What does a mixture and a gay scientist have in common?
Damn, Girl, are you a rollercoaster?
Damn girl are you a Rubik's cube?
Damn girl, are you from Tennessee?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil?
Why did the hen cross the road?
What do you call a coast ghost that's a guest at a celebrity ghost roast?
What does a black man get after sex?
Does anyone remember that show where Ron Howard was a kid with a paper route?
Did you fall out of heaven?
Are you today's date?
What is brown and rhymes with snoop?
Knock knock. Who's there? App App who?
Whats the difference between jelly and jam?
When do virgin guys get some ass ?
Why is a Mexican midget called 'a paragraph'?
Why did the cowboy get a dachshund?
What's a pedophile's favorite kind of shoe?
Hey girl, did you fall from heaven?
Why did the boxer bring a bar of soap into the ring?
What do you get when you mix a joke and a rhetorical question?
Where does an octopus go to buy shoes?
What is a Muslims favorite type of vinegar?
How do you prove triangles congruent with attitude?
Wanna hear a joke?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
What is the difference between a priest and a pedophile?
If you throw a party how do you know Mrs. Elephant is in her period?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
Why didn't the stick of butter confess his feelings?
If straight people use Tinder, what do Germans use?
Hey, are you the bottom of my laptop?
Why is a rat and a jew alike?
Have you heard the joke about the blind man who picked up a hammer and saw?
What's Hitler's favorite football team?
Did you hear about the Chinese couple who had an albino child?
What's the name of the hat Jewish people are always seen wearing?
What did Octavian say when he stormed Cleopatra's gardens?
What did the German brat say to his father?
What do you call an alligator in a vest?
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine?
What's the difference between domestic beer and domestic violence?
What does Salvador Dali eat for breakfast?
What do you call a black man walking down the street?
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
Did you know that the 16th presidency had the best records kept?
What's the wisest kind of modeling putty?
Why did the baker have dirty hands?
Why did Jesus quit playing hockey?
where did Marry go after the explosion?
Punchline request: What is the most mysterious cheese?
What did one eye say to the other?
What’s the slipperiest country?
What's the difference between priests and gay men?
ELI5: Why doesn't BMW install turn signals on their cars?
What did the man say to the fly?
What's the worst name a transvestite could choose?
What do you get when you see Bill Cosby in double-vision?
What did the /r/science mod say to the user?
Having trouble making friends?
What do you call a Korean girl, who lost her virginity at a young age?
Are you an arson and a musician?
What Pablo Escobar And Other Narcos Fear Most?
Whats the derivative of Amazon?
Why doesn't Casper have any children?
What do you call an Asian person that is hit by a car?
Hey gurl are you an integral?
Why does Sunscreen break atomic rule?
How do you make holy water?
What would ISIS be if George Bush was still president?
What did the homeowner say to the fruit growing gardener?
What's a stoners favorite marker?
What did the fisherman do when he really liked a woman?
What did Obama say to his depressed painter?
Do you think Kanye West will becom president?
What sound does a cow make?
What kind of computer can't sing?
What is amnesia?
Want to hear a corny joke?
Why are black people so good at basketball?
Why is it called the cock?
What did the hands say to the flour?
Why did the cheese cry?
What do you call a Mexican stationed out at sea?
What cajun food did Donald Trump order at the barber shop?
Why did the artist throw his eraser away?
Why couldn't Pikachu read his book?
What does a Necrophiliac have when he is turned on?
What's an Asian's favorite time to go to the dentist?
What did the nihilist say to the physicist?
What is Mexico's national sport?
Why did the North Korean defect to South Korea?
Did you hear about the man who hit my ex?
Why doesn't ISIS appear in any Sci-Fi shows or movies?
What 6 words destroy any religious argument as well as your oppositions desire and ability to continue said argument?
What do you call vampires vagina?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
How did Hitler tie his shoes?
What's a hipster's favorite kind of cigarette?
What do you call it when trash pandas pleasure each other orally?
So Halloween is fast approaching... Where I can get one of those cool Guy Fieri masks that all the anarchists are wearing?
How many handles do a black dude's coffin have?
Why did the blond get fired from the M&M factory?
What do you get when you cross a dairy farmer with someone who moulds and fires clay?
What do you call a cow if he enjoys burgers?
What's black and comes in little white cans?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
How did the blonde break her leg from raking the leaves?
What kind of fish is made of two sodium atoms?
Did you know that the NY Jets are 0-2 against Pittsburgh in the NFL Playoffs?
Why couldn't the restaurant patron get into his car?
What killed Rick Moranis' movie career?
What's the difference between HP computers and HP in a video game?
How do you get a one armed man out of a tree?
Why can't you have Christmas dinner in the EU?
Why do people soil themselves when they die?
Why were people in the Medieval times so self absorbed?
What do you call a shity poet?
Q: Why did Ariel wear seashells?
Where does a one-legged woman work?
What happened when the vase revealed it was the father?
Who has one thumb and survived a band saw accident?
If a tiger was attacking your wife and mother in law at the same time and you could save one, who would it be?
What do you call a Mexican baptism?
What do we want now!?
What service did Michael Jackson use to do his taxes?
Why did the blonde always type in run-on sentences?
What happens when you eat middle eastern food?
What kind of fish is made of only two sodium molecules?
Why was the sea snail sad?
Which animal is always down for sex?
Are you smart enough to avoid click bait?
Can you believe they're the same age?
What did the elephant say to the naked man?
How do you get a blonde on the roof?
How do you censor real life hentai?
How can you tell when Halloween is coming too soon?
What do you call a sad gay Brit?
How come Puerto Ricans don't like blow jobs?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many Shia laBeouf's does it take to change a lightbulb?
How do you describe every gf in one word?
How did the Santa Lawn Ornament feel the day after Christmas?
How do you piss off a feminist?
Did you hear about the man who was murdered in an elevator?
A black guy and a jewish guy jump off a building, who lands first?
What do you call two British men, searching for a donkey?
What do you call a kleptomaniac who doesn't understand figurative speech?
Are you a whore?
Why do Redditors get excited when a tornado rips down miles of fences?
What do you call a racist dog from Animal Crossing?
What do you call a fake noodle?
What's the best part about abortions?
What do Mormons say when they go to the strip club?
What do parsley and pussy hair have in common?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
Why was the female turkey such a good fit for the Nazi party?
So did you hear about the brother and sister that got married?
How do you jump out of a fifteen-floors building without getting hurt?
[pick-up line] Boy: Did you give me any loan?
What did the conservatives say to the abortion rights supporters?
What is the best part of a Jonestown joke?
Why do Redditors get excited when a tornado rips down miles of fences?
What has two wings and a halo?
What are you doing tonight?
What do you get if you combine a rhetorical question and a joke?
When asked to provide proof that he had cirrhosis, what did OP do?
How do you know the toothbrush was invented in Kentucky?
Do you want to hear a word I just made up?
What kind of shoes do paedophiles wear?
What do you call a muscular black man?
What do you get if you digitise a map of northern Europe?
How do ya get a fag to fuck a woman?
Hey man, you play guitar?
Why is it forbidden for ants to go in a church?
Why didn't the rest of the fractions like "mc" very much?
If you remove ET from the alphabet, how many letters are still there in the alphabet?
What cooks better than women?
Why didn't the patient sue the dentist for pulling the wrong tooth?
What do Mexican and Black people have in common?
How can you tell that microchips are made in the US and not the UK?
Why was Helen Keller a bad driver?
What was written on the UNIX user's doormat?
If you steal somebody's rap lyrics, is it a rob-bar-y?
Why can't Arabs manage the scoreboards at ball games?
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why are outdoor workers so in fit?
Why can't there be some sort of mathematic formula for making friends?
Why was the garbage man arrested?
What do you get when your cat wins a prestigious beauty contest judged by sir-mix-alot?
Have you tried that new cocktail called Hurricane Sandy?
Why did the Skeleton cross the road?
Knock Knock...Who's There?.........9/11.....9/11 Who?
what's the difference between a loaded potato and a normal one?
What's the difference between a black man and a pizza?
What do you put in a box to make it lighter?
Why does Waldo wear stripes?
How much Squidwards does it take to fix a lightbulb?
What does a neckbeard tip his fedora to in soviet russia?
What has four legs and a cunt halfway up its back?
Did you hear about the Mexican that was shot on the golf course?
Why did Carrie Underwood run out of cheese?
If Olive oil is made from olives - baby oil made from what?
What's the fastest thing on land?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What do you call a female peacock?
What's the most awkward aspect of bar-tending at an internet cafe?
What do you call the website Chewbacca started that gives out Empire secrets?
Why is it more expensive to use air pumps nowadays?
What's pink and slowly turns red?
What do you call a dog with no hind legs and balls of steel?
What is Jar Jar Binkss's favorite song?
What would you say to a rocket shaped infant?
What did the confused Mackem say when he discovered that he was smack bang in the middle of Newcastle?
What do you say when you see two cleaning ladies making out in public?
What would you do if you were a ghost?
Why was Ed single?
What is an emo nerd's favourite brand?
What do you call a poo which still remains after flushing?
What's your most fucked up joke?
What is the difference between erotic and kinky?
What’s the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms?
What is black and smells like blue paint?
What does a Ferrari and poverty have in common?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the worst thing about having sex with 22 year olds???
Which is the longest toilet in the world?
What do you do when you hear a woman got hit by a car?
How many cockroaches does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
Do you remember blowing bubbles when you were a child?
Why is it a bad idea for China to become a democracy?
What is the definition of masurbation?
What does it mean when a man is in your bed, gasping for air, and calling your name?
What's the hardest part about roller-skating?
How does a psychic cokehead tell the future?
What did the butter say to the jam?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
Why are redneck murder victims so hard to identify?
Why couldn't the 5 year old go to the pirate movie?
What do you call a cannibal who only eats comatose people?
Where does a fish keep his life savings?
Why was the young mosquito up all night and stressed out?
How did they know Princess Diana had dandruff?
Why was the Rastafarian poor?
What's the difference between a tea bag and England?
What did Mick Jagger say when he walked in on Hugh Hefner in bed with Dennis Weaver?
What's the cheapest type of meat?
What happens if you steal in Afghanistan?
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public?
What's the difference between Paul Walker and my computer?
Why do scuba divers fall backwards out of a boat?
Why did the pet owner get upset with his parrot?
What did the commander say when she realized that she had left Matt Damon on Mars?
Why can't Mexicans win the Olympics?
What's the difference between the English rugby team and a teabag?
Why are teenage girls so odd?
Today we gain an hour thanks to Day Light Savings Time. What are going to do with it?
What's the only acceptable filetype at The Xavier Institute for Higher Learning?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
How did Moses feel after falling for a craigslist scam?
How do you tell the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer?
What do you call a homosexual on roller skates?
What do you call a Palestinian women?
What kind of drink does a ghetto drinks?
Have you heard about the collapse of the boxer shorts industry?
What do you call a snail in the sea?
how is sex like math?
Can a woman make a man a millionaire?
What does your body's government do to a fresh cut?
How much do flying broomsticks cost at Hogwarts?
Why can't a blonde dial 911?
What happens if Donald Trump pulls out of the election?
Q:Why doesn't ed have a girlfriend?
Where did the mobster go to college?
What do you call a horny fraps program?
Where was the male lion's favorite vacation spot?
What did Dave Grohl say when he accidentally dropped his sandwich?
Why are there no gay suicide bombers?
How many police does it take to change a lightbulb?
Q: What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
How to tell if someone has Rhotacism?
What do you call a mexican midget?
Why did the husband bring his wife's sick dog to the salon?
What's brown and sticky?
What did the male robot say to the female robot?
Why can nobody understand sausages when they talk???
Why doesn't Justin Bieber shop at Sports Authority?
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand?
What do you call an Arab who flies a plane?
What did the Grapefruit basketball coach say to the worst player on the team?
Who's your dad's cousin's cousin's daughter to you?
What is the favorite vacation place for people with CFS?
Who would you rather have mark your exam, Gandalf or Dumbledore?
Whats The Devils Favorite Style Of Football?
Why are double amputees always wrong?
What do you call a late teacher?
Did you see the story about the psychic dwarf escaping prison?
What's the difference between a teabag and the English rugby team?
Did you hear the one about Sandusky at the beach?
Why do only 2 Mexicans pass the border at once?
What did the tumblr user do when she got arthritis?
What is the difference between a man who jumps from the tenth floor and a man who jumps from the first floor ?
What's good on pizza but not on pussy?
The hurricane coming in is called Joaquin. When it leaves, does it Joaqout?
What is the difference between a white guy and an asian?
What do you get if you cross Islam with Christianity?
Why did sodium stay home all day?
What does a fresh egg say when you try to hardboil it?
Why does James Bond like Michael J Fox?
Why was the fruit farmer losing money?
What`s the difference between a Doctors Without Borders hospital and ISIS?
What is worse than being kidnapped by the Talibans?
How do you know your wife is dead?
What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen?
Why did the Frog cross the road?
Whats the difference between a coal mining company and the Catholic Church?
If we become engaged will you give me a ring?
Why was six scared of seven?
How Many Feminist does it take to Screw SRSer ?
What do Muslim men do during foreplay?
How are women and tornadoes alike?
How do you know when a woman is about to say something smart?
Why do people throw coins into foutains?
How does Planned Parenthood paint their walls?
What do you call a doctor who is always available?
What's the us army tanksman's favorite song?
Why isn't the guy who wrote "Danger Zone" and the Saved by the Bell theme very active on social media?
What does a clock do when it's hungry?
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Disney Movies?
Want to hear a funny abortion joke?
What do you call a group of militant feminists?
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex?
Did you hear the one about the genius Redditor?
What does a nosey pepper do?
What do they say about building an erotic statue?
What do you call a Mexican woman with no legs?
How do you circumcised a whale?
Whats the difference between a terrorist camp and a high school?
What's the difference between a peeping Tom and a pickpocket?
What do you get with legalized prostitution and a highly competitive marketplace?
How do generals show their gratitude to their troops?
NSF(Life) Why was the strawberry crying?
What is Jeb Bush's campaign slogan?
What comes before OP?
Why did the bear start playing music when the priest tried to absolve him of his sins?
What's the difference between a cow and The Bible?
Now why do sumo wrestlers shave their armpits?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
What's a horny pirate's worst nightmare?
Did you hear about the happy Roman?
What is green, red and goes 90 miles per hour?
Why did they ban Liquid Paper, White-Out, and all other correction fluids in Poland?
What's the difference between a feminist and a vacuum cleaner?
What did the bird owning whore tell her waiting clients?
Did you hear about thw new holy water based personal lubricant?
Did you hear about Oscar Pistorius' home improvements?
What do you call a cranberry cross guard?
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their balls?
How many cow-lories does a cheeseburger have?
When buying a drink in an oversize cup, they ask would you like your cup to be half full for an extra 20 cents or half empty?
Did you know George III never even bothered to leave his couch during the American Revolution?
Do you know what smells funny?
Which sex position produces the ugliest children?
How was the Roman Empire cut in half?
why do we learn?
What was Eve charged with after murdering Adam in the Garden?
A clever joke?
Is it wrong to watch porn alongside a Disney inspirational video?
What do you do if an epileptic has a seizure in your bath?
Whats worse, being a vegan inmate or non vegan?
Why did the comedian go to doctor?
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler?
Did you hear about the couple who stole a calendar?
Do know who the ultimate CrossFitter was?
A punchline my Japanese girlfriend came up with: What's black, white, and red all over?
What's a Chinese fisherman's least favorite part of living in Hollywood?
What do you get when a vampire eats a dachshund?
How much does the average gay man ejaculate?
Why didn't the penguin close on his mortgage?
Have you ever played the Oscar Pistorius drinking game?
What do you do if you're Fighting a group of circus performers?
What's blue and doesn't fit?
What do you get when you wreck a Honda Accord into a Saturn Ion?
5th grade sexed teacher shows them a picture of a penis and asks the students if anyone knows what this is?
How do you stop a dog humping your leg?
What does a ghost say after a bad joke?
Why did Mother Nature trip the last day of summer?
Did you hear about the new iPhone?
What's Mohammed, Moses and Noah's favourite dessert?
What do you call two marry-go-rounds having sex?
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs?
Why did the californian celebrate his birthday a day earlier?
What's the difference between a secret Taliban hideout and an Afghan public school?
How was the bear able to move in order to get honey?
Ever had sex while camping?
What do you call an epileptic in a lettuce patch?
What do you call an Austrian woman's undergarments?
What do a burnt pizza and a pregnant woman have in common?
Why did the privileged white guy fail his algebra test?
What's red, white, and full of holes?
Did you know the right Woman can make you a Millionaire?
Did you hear about the guy who traded his car or a phone?
How do you hide money from a Republican?
What happened when Rick fell down a hill?
What do you call the student with the best overall average in a graduating class at an all girl's school?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Did you hear Ellen DeGeneres drowned?
What do you call a heard of masturbating cows?
What smell foot, pussy and ass in the same time ?
What do you say to someone who studied media at university?
A hurricane is going to hit the east coast?
Where does the Joker keep a record of his favourite shrubland areas?
What do you get if you cross goat DNA with human DNA?
How did the Welshman find the sheep in the tall grass?
What video game would Adolf Hitler play?
What does Iraq and Bristol Palin have in common?
What do you call a man with no shins?
Did you know that an airplane's propeller is only a big fan and is there to keep the pilot cool?
How many germans does it take to change a lightbulp?
What do you call it when people line up well?
What did the scientist say when he created something super BASIC?
What's the tallest building in the world?
What did the counselor say to the hologram?
What Nationality was Otzi the Caveman?
What did one poop say to the other poop?
Why did Comic Sans's girlfriend leave him?
What do you call a book case hogging all the books?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What's the best feature of Apple Pencil?
What is the most popular soda in candy land?
What did Nietzsche call his Yiddish cab driver?
What does a zen ghost say?
What will Kim Jong-Un name his child?
Whats the best part about dating a black girl?
Why was the little ant confused?
What is the ultimate pleasure?
Which state is actually a tiny soft drink?
Why do Republicans make good DJs?
What's the number 1 cause of Child molesters?
What did the pope say to Aretha Franklin?
How did Hitler tie his shoes?
If a quiz is quizicle, what's a test?
Why does George Bush not know how to read?
What car do dogs drive?
What do you call a vegetarian prostitute?
Whats black and sits at the top of the stairs?
What do you call an old John Cena?
What was Sisyphus's favourite type of music?
What's Forest Gump's password?
Why are the dinosaurs extinct?
What kind of overalls does Mario wear?
What do you call a calm Asian?
What's the difference between an Anorexic girl and an escalator?
Why did the inventor of panadol think I had no parents?
Does a farmer eat female sheep?
What is the best pickup line a robot can say to another robot?
When is a mountain goat not a mountain goat?
Why does Voldemort always sit in the nosebleed section at events?
What did Serena say to Venus before they faced off in the US Open?
What smells worse than an anchovy?
Why are teenage girls so much better at English than boys?
What do you call a cow with only two legs?
What's a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer?
Why don't boxers have sex before a fight?
Remember when?
What do you call a cow with a nervous twitch?
How many Trumps?
How many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs?
What do diapers and politicians have in common?
What do you call a cow with no nipples?
Why doesn't Jesus Play Hockey???
What's better than winning a gold medal at the special Olympics?
Why shouldn't you kiss someone on January 1st?
Why do sorority girls travel in odds?
If you went camping and woke up with a condom in your butt, would you tell anyone?
What be a pirate's favorite letter?
What do you guys think of this quote I came up with?
What's the difference between congress and a circus?
What is the difference between a Snowman and a Snow-woman?
What's the secret ingredient in Bush's Baked Beams?
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer?
Whats the difference between a pizza and a jew?
What's the difference between an owl and a bungee cord?
What do you call a programming language designed for women?
How do you know Moby Dick was a gay whale?
Why is a raven like a writing desk?
What's the difference between a bird and a fly?
You know what a fat woman and a brick have in common?
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
How do you say dinner in spanish?
What is Al Qaeda's Favorite Football Team?
Why is religion like mobile gaming?
What is Shulk from Xenoblade's favorite thing to type?
A landscaper's favourite musical genre?
What is a neckbeard's favorite language?
What's big, black, and hard?
What's the difference between a refugee and a terrorist?
Whats the difference from a terrorist and a psychopath?
What's the difference between a regular horse and a police horse?
What's worse than a truck filled with dead babies?
How does the moon get a haircut?
What kind of wood doesn't float?
Why did the sick bird come in jail?
Why are girls so odd?
What do blondes and spaghetti have in common?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil?
What do you call an inspiring jerk session?
Why was the Moon in a bad mood?
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion?
What do you call 100 drowning vegans?
Did you hear bout the new iphone with professional camera?
What is small, bald and wrinkled?
What Journey song to Chinese people sing at funerals?
How does a train eat?
How to make your ears pop?
Did you hear about the new show on precolonial native american history that Anthony Bourdain is hosting?
Why did everyone wanted to hang out with the mushroom?
What did the number 0 say to the number 8?
Which singer would be best suited for the roman military?
Heard about the news the acientist allover the world have been talking about?
You wanna know who sounds like an owl?
What do tofu and a dildo have in common?
Have you ever seen Stevie Wonder's house?
What do you call a friendly Chinese man who gives out free firewood?
What was Bruce lee's favorite drink?
What does an elephant and a carton of milk have in common?
Why are you so gay?
Did anyone see the lunar eclipse tonight?
Me: How are you feeling Grandpa?
What's black and never works?
What does a Fire cracker and a duck have in common?
What is the difference between a golfer and skydiver?
How is Harry Potter and Kermit the Frog's penis similar?
So. Like. We're all just gonna ignore the rapture that's supposed to happen?
Why wasn't Sarah Jessica Parker cast in "Seabiscuit"?
What do Hillbillies do for Halloween?
What happened when the mathematician put seaweed on her boobs?
If you call a group of lions a pride, and a group of crows a murder; what do you call a group of pedophiles?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
Why doesn't the guy with OCD ever get laid?
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, an unwilling agnostic and a dyslexic?
why do they put gates around a graveyard?
How many redditors does it take to answer an /r/AskScience question?
Did you hear what happened to the blind circumcision doctor?
Why do sheep love Star Wars Episode V?
What's the difference between a cranky two-year-old and a duckling?
Why can't siamese twins be trusted to render fair judgments?
What do you get when you have sex on the beach?
Why did the Chicken cross the road?
What do you call a rhetorical fish?
Did you hear about the rat that loved the song, "That's Entertainment!" by The Jam and liked it so much that he wanted to do a cover of the song but had to change the song title and lyrics to avoid copyright issues?
What is Facebook?
How do you make your wife a dildo?
What does the sun and cleavage have in common?
What's it called when a terrorist's wife cheats with an American?
What's the difference between Jelly and Jam????
What do lonely terrorists have sex with?
How do Muslim women get wrinkles off their faces?
What’s the similarity between Income Tax and a Caller Tune?
What if Forrest Gump's e-mail password?
The priest says to the alter boy, What's the difference between a penis and a banana?
What is the square root of 69?
Why did the philanthropist learn how to subtract?
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy?
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas?
What did the nutrionist say to the zombies as they were breaking down the doors of a hospital in West Hollywood?
What is E.T short for?
What is Red and Smells like Blue Paint?
What's the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi?
How do you tell a dyslectic to take the left turn on the road?
What do you call two homeless people hitting each other with cardboard?
What is the sexiest type of dolphin?
Eskimo: If I did not know about God and sin, would I go to hell?
Why was the necrophiliac depressed?
What do you call the useless skin around a vagina?
How many black people does it take to start a riot?
How does a carpenter effectively build stairs?
What do you call a Syrian refugee on the Mediterranean?
What's it called when your Uber is filled with potatoes?
What's A Sign of Maturity? ( Conversation at Gas Station)?
Did ypu know premature ejaculations are hereditary?
What is a racist's favorite seafood dish?
Why Did the Native Americans Car Break Down?
Do you know why George Washington 's father forgive him?
How do you make holy water?
Who does a Jedi call when he forgets his keys?
Where does Wonder Woman buy all her stuff?
Why didn't the monk's clothes fit properly?
Did you hear about the dyslexic atheist?
What does a Satanist take when their allergies to Christians act up?
What do you call someone who gets high fast?
What is the difference between a Jew and a pizza?
How can you tell if a hippy came to your house?
Have you seen that new film about a tractor?
How do you swat one hundred flies at the same time?
Hey baby, are you a whale?
Why shouldn't you play American football with feminists?
What is a mushrooms favorite type of music?
Whats the difference between a hippy chick and a washing machine?
What's the difference between a jew and a Canoe?
What kills thousands of smokers a year?
What's black and white and red all over?
What did the Taliban soldier say to his buddy?
What would you get if Harry Potter tried to kill Darth Vader?
Q. What are 2 girl chickens that fall in love?
Why do they call a "pap-smear" a "pap-smear"?
Why should Mexico accept Syrian refugees?
Why did the gay pride movement use the rainbow as a symbol?
Did you see Matt Damon's character in Invictus?
Did you hear about those 3 guys who stole a Calender?
Why did the leper fail his driving test?
Why don't black pitchers throw three strikeout in a row?
What TV personality lives in your phone?
What's the difference between a cockroach and the Japanese?
What type of overalls does Mario wear?
My attempt at a joke?
What do you call two hobos having sex on a freight train?
What happened to the embarrassed bungalow on the street of two story houses?
DAE accidentally call the wrong replacement when you can't teach your classroom that day?
How do you Organize a Space Party?
How do you call a judge that only gives innocent veredicts because he gave up on law school and knows nothing?
What's the difference between a feminist and a knife?
What would Inception: The Porno be called?
What does a mathematician do when they have constipation....?
How's a fart and a teenager alike?
How many Steam employees does it take to change a light bulb?
How's a Volvo just like a woman?
How many feet are in a yard?
What is the difference between a well dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
What do you call a stubborn Egyptian?
What is Nux's favorite browser?
Have you heard of the beer Jesus made?
Why can't you trust an atom?
There are so many old jokes on this subreddit... Want to hear a new one?
What do gays and Donald Trump have in common?
Did you hear about the bureaucrat who was a Platonist?
ignorance or apathy?
What happens when you throw a hand grenade into a kitchen?
Four teenage girls go to the mall to visit Santa during the holiday season. Santa says the same three words to each girl, which causes one of the girls to get upset and leave crying. Why did only one leave crying and what did Santa say to her?
How do you compliment a pickle rapper's verse?
What do you call a cowboy with erectile dysfunction?
What would you get if Geddy Lee, Neil Peart and Alex Lifeson all died in a plane crash?
What's the greatest gift you could give to a trashcan?
What's the difference between hanging with friends and jacking it on the toilet?
Why did they go from Windows 8 straight to Windows 10?
How do you tell if a girl is ticklish?
Little on the nose that the Pope's riding around in a Fiat, isn't it?
Why is six afraid of seven?
Why did the fetus kill his twin?
What do you call tea made by a stoned marsupial?
How do crabs travel cheaply?
How does the Pope get around New York City?
What did the diabetic's girlfriend call him as pet name?
Why did the pirate go to Ireland?
What do you call 2 Nuns & a Cheerleader?
What are eukaryotes' least favorite subject in school?
How many amateur masochists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call a dead skunk?
Want to hear a joke about Subway?
What's the best side to eat from a chicken?
Q: How do you know if a chef is a clown?
How many electrons does a negatively charged oxygen atom have?
Do you know what moth balls smell like?
what do you call a lesbian in a ford windstar filled with penises?
Whats the difference between an in-law and an outlaw?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea?
What's a pirate's worst nightmare?
What do you get when you take an HIV medication and raise the price 5,000%?
You know what the best thing about Alzheimer's is?
What type of carpet do you put in an igloo?
Why did the crew abandon the chili pepper boat?
What do you call a deaf quadriplegic?
Did you hear about the chameleon that couldn't change color?
What's the difference between having sex while skydiving and a smelly vagina?
Why is Chapstick so popular?
Why did Gandhi lose the race?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
What's in Heaven and Hell?
What do you get if you cross a gardener with a banker?
Why did Elvis' mom get mad when people called him "Elvis the pelvis"?
What do you call a pigeon with 4 feet?
Why is the last chapter in a chemistry textbook about benzene?
Why did Snake walk into the bar?
why did the little shoe cry?
What did the miner say when he struck gold?
How does Donald Trump plan to get rid of illegal Mexican fans of Stars Wars?
What did the gay Zombie crave?
What's the difference between a BMW and a cactus?
Why did the scare crow get a raise?
What do you call an angry gay guy?
What do you call a trombone player who just broke up with his girlfriend?
Why are lesbians statistically more poor than the average person?
What's the only thing worse than finding a roach in your food?
What is the difference between jelly and jam?
How can you tell which nurse is the head nurse?
What did the suicide bomber from the Rebel Alliance say before detonating?
What do you call a band that comes out with a new song 12 times a year?
What's a sluts favourite drink?
Why don't girls in San Francisco wear skirts?
How do you greet a racist murderer?
What do you call an airline run by nazis?
What is 18 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole?
What's the difference between iFunny features and the gif subreddit?
What do you get when you blow up a police station?
What's the difference between a cloths hanger and a flight of stairs?
Why is it that arms tell the funniest jokes?
How do you make a strawberry shake?
Q: Why is air a lot like sex?
Did you see the new joke posted on reddit?
What do you call a slutty egg?
What kind of overalls does Mario wear?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
What did Obama say when he proposed to Michelle?
What Did Kid Davis Say To The Lesbian Melons?
Why was the Narwhal kicked off the volleyball team?
What do you call someone on the borderline of being diagnosed with a borderline personality disorder?
What is zero in Roman numerals?
What did the square say to the root?
How do you find the Pun Bar?
How many babies does it take to paint a house?
how much onion does dad use in his bolognese?
How do you make a Sea Lion?
What did the pirate say?
White one or black one?
Why is all the racism in America downstairs?
What's an otakus favourite dessert?
Did you hear the iPhone 6S Plus is selling really well?
What kind of tea is sometimes hard to swallow ?
Why did Misty want to sleep with Brock?
What do you get when you squeeze a Synagogue?
how to know if a thin girl is anorexic?
Ever heard a band called 1023 Megabytes?
Why is toilet paper no good for wrapping presents?
What do you call a girl gamer that always pirates her games??
How did the gay wizard dissappear?
What do you call crystal clear urine?
Did you hear about Taco Bell's new sauce?
Why are life long overweight people funny?
When is it time for bed at the Neverland Ranch?
What's the difference between reddit and a fish?
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends?
Why did the gum cross the road?
What movie title best fits The Flash's sex life?
What do you call the sequel to Straight Outta Compton about Dr Dre and Snoop Dogg?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
What do your sister and snow have in common?
What does a dentist do in his free time?
Why DID David Cameron fuck a dead pig, anyway?
What do you get when you mix free running with golf?
Why does wally wear stripes?
Did you know that Dublin, CA has the fastest growing population of all time?
What's the opposite of the word uncle-off-her?
What do vegetarian zombies eat?
Wanna hear a Bill Cosby joke?
Can Neon form a chemical bond with Indium?
What do you call a werewolf who has taken an interest in social justice?
Did you know diarrhea is hereditary?
What is the difference between snow men and snow women?
How is Donald Trump like a VW Bug?
Why did the clock get banned from the library?
What's worse than being struck by a lightning?
What's black and white and red all over?
What's Hitler's least favorite planet?
Why were all Roman buildings made of stone?
What's David Cameron's favourite Shakespeare play?
What's the difference between a watermelon and a baby?
What is a joke that only makes sense in your own regional dialect/accent?
Why don't mathematicians build bridges?
What do you get when you cross a bear and a spider?
What does the pedophile feel when raping 2 month old baby?
Why don't bears wear socks?
What is the difference between a dentist and a New York baseball fan?
Have you heard Schrödinger's joke?
What do you feel when you accidentally run over and kill a group of geese crossing the road?
What do you call a popular joke on reddit?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve?
What beats a binos dagger?
[Request] What's your favorite adult-themed Halloween joke?
When will Cameron stop fucking with the system?
How do you make holy water?
How do you make a Welsh person comfortable while playing Scrabble?
Did you see that crazy news story on the internet?
What do you call a mexican midget?
What are Asian Tennis Players most well known for?
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo?
Why do Jewish men get circumsized?
Hey Spongebob, what's funnier than 24?
How do you blow square balloons?
What is the friend zone?
How to 4-dimensional aliens get around?
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
How do you make a dead baby float?
How do you know when you've been eating good pussy?
Why did the fire fighter call off work to spend time with his friend?
Did you know Jesus has nice abs?
What's the first thing a woman does after leaving spousal abuse therapy?
Why are yachts and ships so scary?
What kind of medicine do you give a kid having a fit?
Why did the "upright man", a humanoid species, went extinct 70.000 years ago?
What kind of water do you put into a waterbed?
How do we know Floyd Mayweather isn't a bomb?
What do you call a Mexican Standoff between two people?
Why did Ahmed Mohamed get delayed at the airport?
What did the Mexican firefighter name his twin sons?
Wanna hear a joke?
Wanna hear something gross about USA?
What did the Australian Chess player say to the waiter?
What did the perverted scientist say to his colleague?
How many blondes does it take to make a great joke?
What's a pirate's favorite letter of the alphabet?
Why was the Texan afraid of the clock?
What does Neil Degrasse Tyson say to pickup a lady?
What do a zero-legged spider and a one-legged bear have in common?
How much does a Qur'an weigh?
How many black people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What is it called when you kill a chickpea?
If I hold one moth ball in my right hand and another moth ball in my left, what do I have?
Why did the Baker have brown hands?
What's the difference between a duck?
Who is the only one that has smoked as much weed as Wiz Khalifa?
If you had a 14 inch penis growing out of your forehead how much of it could you see?
What did the ear of corn say when all of its clothes fell off?
What do defensive linemen and porn stars have in common?
Why do bears' mouths water whenever they look at Trump?
Which hotel does Link use when he goes on vacation?
How did the ancient Greeks seperate the men from the boys?
What are pigskins used for?
What do Afghan stoners smoke?
What goes great with Alphabet Soup?
Who is this Rorschach guy?
What is the difference between a sharply dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle ?
Why did Microsoft go straight to Windows 10 and skip 9?
How Many Wal-Mart Workers Does it Take to Screw In a Lightbulb?
What do you call a pie who made his own ears?
What is Guns N' Roses' favorite type of sandwich?
Why are pills white?
What do you call two gay Irishmen?
How does the redneck's wife know that her daughter is pregnant?
How do you keep a black kid from jumping on the bed?
What do amputee bears and regular bears have in common?
What do you call a joke with no punch line?
How do you help a paraplegic kill themselves?
What did the beef broth say to the chicken broth?
What do you call a sometimes homosexual arctic bear with heavy mood swings?
What do you call someone with a large head?
How'd Florida man break his leg raking leaves?
Why do gay men float?
What do you call a dolphin that is out of the water?
What's ET short for?
How can you make your wife scream for an hour after sex?
What does a Playboy Magazine and a Model T Ford have in common?
Did you hear about the guy that ran into a window?
Why should you never bring a fat person to see a dramatic movie?
How do you starve an black man?
Why can't Americans play chess ?
How does a blonde set the time on her alarm clock?
What's the difference between your mother and a crackwhore who charges 3 dollars for a blowjob?
what did one mexican mouse say to the other mexican mouse?
What is the difference between my ex-girlfriend and a beer?
How do you make a dead baby float ?
What do you call attempting to jump to light speed before checking the Hyper Drive first?
Why do Palestinians have faster computers than Israelis?
What do you call an unborn child that is excessively ready to accept failure?
Son: Dad, how do stars die?
What do two people kissing and a toll bridge have in common?
Ever heard of the undertaker who accidentally dug another body?
Knock knock. Who's there?
1. Religion. 2. ?
What part of the Vatican is made entirely out of amino acids?
Why is it called PMS?
What do you call a group of white people?
What do you call a feminist that eats really, really fat cows?
Why can't you hear the pterodactyl going to the bathroom?
How did the Roman cut his hair?
Why are all smart Mexicans guys gay?
What do you get when you breed an elephant with a rhino?
You know what really grinds my gears?
Why didn't the Turkey cross the road?
What does a man with a foot long cock eat for breakfast?
What do you call a chinese duo that plays ping pong?
What do a ghost family and the Kardashians have in common?
Whats the difference between a woman president and pizza?
Why can't the plane fly?
Old joke for Halloween. Why do witches not wear panties?
How do you summon a wizard taxi?
Is This A Joke?
Why did the cows return to the marijuana field?
What do you call a dog with a 7 inch boner?
What do you call a black priest?
Why did Christopher Reeve lose the debate?
What would BuckWheat from Little Rascals be called if he were a Muslim?
Why did the Chinese man tell a joke?
How did Magic Johnson get Aids?
Did you hear about the priest at the nation's largest Roman Catholic church who forgot what he was supposed to say when administering the Holy Eucharist?
What do you get if you don't pay your exorcist?
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito?
What number is the oddest prime number?
What do Mexicans use to cut their pizza?
Why was Biggie hungry at school?
What does your mom and a 4-stroke engine have in common?
What has four legs and quacks?
What's your emergency?
What did the Ohioan Satanist say when he arrived to cult?
Why can't Z generationers swim?
What is Saturn's favorite movie?
What time is it when a Muslim immigrant brings a clock to school in Texas?
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did the boy think you hit menopause when you graduated high school?
What do you get if you walk under a cow?
If your dad wrote the Bible, who would he have building the ark?
You know why it's called PMS?
What do you call a Mexican midget?
Did you hear about the kid who brought a home made watch to school?
How do you kill a fox?
When a homosexual man becomes brain dead, is he a fruit or a vegetable?
What did the police do to the sweater?
What's the difference between Donald Trump and an oompa loompa?
What time is it?
What's Terrance Howard's favorite Radiohead song?
How many psychologists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do lesbians like best about sex?
Let me tell you a Statistics Joke. What is a Car in the U.S.?
What do you call a Mexican midget?
What do you call a Mexican midget?
How many moths does it take to screw in a light bulb?
You know what channel The Republican debate is on?
Can anyone help me with starting a rocket science club at school?
What did the terrorist say as he walked into a classroom with a clock strapped to his chest?
What do you call a communist pirate?
What does Donald Trump order at a Mexican restaurant?
Hey Dad, did you hear about the construction workers?
What does Snoop Dogg get when he books a romantic getaway but instead finds himself at a geologists' convention?
Why did Ahmed take his clock to school?
Did you guys hear about the kid getting arrested for bringing a clock to school?
Why did the mathematician ignore the tan lady on the beach?
Did you hear about the injured condiment?
What did the daddy salt say to his son?
Have you heard the news story about the kid that was arrested when they thought the clock he brought to school was a bomb?
What is a computer scammer's favorite band?
Why did the stutterer get shot in the ghetto?
Where's a good place to get Italian food in the middle east?
What do you call a dwarf without a mouth?
What did the leper say to his mistress after a round of unfulfilled sex?
What's the most popular website in Illinois?
What'd the homeless guy get for Christmas?
Have you heard about the old wheel that got a new image?
Still waiting for the FedEx joke?
Who's the best detective in Mexico?
Grandmothers are not always right?
How can you tell when your sister is on her period?
What's the difference between autumn and fall?
What is the cheapest way to get a slut?
What sounds like a frog but keeps me up all night?
What's the difference between apathy and ignorance?
why did the man cross the road?
What is the best joke you have heard?
What does a bad salesman and a toilet have in common?
What did the American Army General say after the first opposing casualty in the Mexican-American War?
How was the bird able to pass his math test?
What do you call a funny jar of mayonnaise?
Why couldn't the gay guy cross the road?
Why the rabbits love Selena Gomez?
What did the policeman say when the Arabic man escaped from jail?
Did you hear about the new cologne Chris Brown put out?
How do you frighten a Bee?
What do you have when lounge chairs multiply?
How much hummus did the anorexic Arab eat?
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam?
What do we want?
Why can't you run through camp sites?
Anyone know any good optometry jokes?
which 2 insects are the most foolish?
What do read heads get when they don't brush their teeth?
Why did the twins have twice as many shirts as pants?
What did your last slave die of?
What's the difference between a hippopotamus and a Zippo?
What's the difference between a Catholic and Baptist?
What's the difference between Al'qaeda and civilians?
What do you call a Jewish New Zealander?
What does a man with a tiny penis have for breakfast?
What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler?
Why didn't the chicken cross the road?
How does Schrödinger apologise?
What's the most dishonest creature in the sea?
What did the suave frog say to the hot frog?
Why couldn't the NSA go outside?
What do you get when you cross a dyslexic, an insomniac, and an agnostic?
What's the Al-Qaeda's favourite sports team?
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo?
What's the fastest way to become a general in the Rebel Alliance?
What do you call a fish with no eye?
Is it cocky to have more than one penis?
What medicine do you take if your butt hurts?
Why do Asians have squinty eye balls?
What do bacteria eat for breakfast?
What sort of cheese do you use to get a bear to go on a outing with you?
What do you call a North Korean Gorilla?
What's the difference between a frog and a horny toad?
Why did the Buddhist monk refuse Novocain?
How does a jew celebrate Christmas ?
What do you call a woman that is beautiful and smart?
Did you hear about the butcher who sat on his bacon slicer?
What is a gay man's favorite vacation site?
What happened to the hippy chemistry teacher when he spilled his chemicals?
What is the difference between a panda, four lesbians and a firetruck?
Did you hear about the alcoholic chemist that died?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
Whats the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
difference Between Justin Bieber and Tranny ?
How can you tell if someone is having a stroke?
Why wasn't Geronimo considered a proper lumbersexual?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Teacher: Did you finish you homework?
Why did robin williams cross the road?
What did the chinese guy say to the mongoose?
Hat did one prick say to the other prick?
Why do writers always feel cold?
Have you heard of that movie, "Constipation"?
What's the difference between a gay man and a fridge?
Why are camels known as ships of the desert?
Several people dancing around a pen... What is the movie name?
Who is the richest painter?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What type of overalls did Mario wear?
Why can't Atheist solve exponential equations?
Why are the best accountants twins from Prague?
Did you hear about the guy that could not afford personalized license plates?
Why is the U.S dollar getting stronger?
You know why I don't have a spine?
Chef's favorite personal dish?
What do you call a gay indian?
Why are black people so tall?
Why did Humpty Dumpty have a great fall?
Do you know what paraplegics can't stand?
What "c word" describes my girlfriend and why I'm not getting any?
What did the vowel say when it had to go to the bathroom?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable?
What's the difference between fire and water?
what did the man say when he tried to get FREA with his dog?
What do you call an Irish lesbian?
On Halloween, how do skeletons call their friends?
Did you hear about that book on constipation?
How many Australians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why was the Redditor mad at Reddit?
What did the Priest say to the Church of Vegetables?
Whats the favored pasta dish among ISIL members?
Why was the Energizer Bunny in court?
Why did Kirk and Spock march into the woman's restroom?
Why didn't the neuron cross the road ?
What do call a fish with a Phd?
Why did the sperm cross the road?
How do you know when you're too drunk to drive?
Didn't will.i.am once say he was going to make a car?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth?
What's green, has six legs, and would kill you if it fell out of a tree?
How do you get Sarah Jessica Parker to say her lines on set?
What is Long and narrow and becomes bigger when given a blow ?
Have you ever noticed that in a pack of biscuits there are always broken ones?
Who did the dyslexic man sell his soul to?
What's brown, sticky and runs down your leg?
What do you call a fruit that won't get married?
what's the difference between time and ronaldo?
Why was Thor so worried about his hair looking good?
Why did the baker have brown hands?
What's the worst way to reply to an "I Love You" ?
How do you stop your bacon from curling in the pan?
Why do Jewish bachelors like latina women?
Who makes dinner in a lesbian relationship?
What’s Al Qaida’s favorite football team?
Did you know you can order a taco at a Japanese restaurant?
Why did the hipster burn his tongue?
Ever hear the one about the "gay moon"?
What music is good to listen to while having a snack?
What is Rihanna's favorite song?
Why did the hippy drown at the beach?
Why do Jews have such big noses?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
Why should you always rent, rather than buy, a multimeter that measures ohms?
What’s the difference between a joke and two dicks?
Why should you attend someone's funeral although you know they won't be attend yours back?
There is a blind guy called Miles, what is the name of his guide dog?
Why are there so few Mexican athletes in the Olympics?
What's darker than 3am in the morning?
How did Oedipus convince his mom to have sex with him?
where does a queer download his illegal software from?
Which came first the chicken or the egg?
What do you call a dead bee?
Why did the guitar teacher go to jail?
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus?
What water does Snake drink?
What's the difference between an introverted physicist and an extroverted physicist?
How do you drown a hipster?
Whats the difference between a cow and 9/11?
Why didn't the buzzard have any luggage on the airplane?
How do Mr. and Mrs. Weasley have sex?
How warm is the inside of a tauntaun?
Knock Knock. Who's there? 9/11. 9/11 Who?
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11?
Why were the people in the twin towers pissed off?
What's the difference between Paul Walker and a computer?
What is the difference between a Jew and a Canoe?
What was the last food delivered to the Twin Towers?
What's the worst part about 9/11?
Why are Black people so tall?
On a scale of 1 to 100 how immature are you?
You guys want to hear a joke?
What do you get if you cross a Buddhist monk and a 16 year old blonde cheerleader?
What do you call a Cloyster that wants to learn the move Rain Dance?
What do bears take at raves?
What's 9+10?
What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler?
Anyone have any special planes for 9/11?
What is the loneliest number?
Why did Mickey Mouse leave Minnie Mouse?
Why do 2 bit gamblers never win at blackjack ?
Why is the word "smiles" the longest word in English?
What's a hooker's favorite soda?
Teacher - how did our grandparents kill time without smartphones or internet ?
you know how when geese migrate in a v shape, sometimes one side of the v is longer - Do you know why?
Whats the difference between a cow and 9/11?
Why do Americans suck at DOTA2 ?
Who are the fastest readers in the world?
What are the other letters of the alphabet?
What is a good title for a movie about bacon?
How many dead prostitutes does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you get if you cross a rooster with peanut butter?
Who isn't white or black but shows you no color?
What do you call an arrogant robber?
What is the healthiest college?
Heard about the honest politician from Illinois?
Did you hear about the Polish bank robber?
What do you call a sheep tied to a lamp post in New Zealand?
How much does automail cost?
Did you hear the one about the German sausage?
What's the difference between a lesbian and a canoe?
Why do bees sting?
What happens when a Jewish man with an erection walks into a wall?
How do Mexicans cut their pizza?
What's the best way to figure out if someone smokes Marijuana?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
What's the difference between a Boy Scout and a Jew?
What do you call a homosexual on roller skates?
What's Rihanna's favorite love song?
What's the biggest Jewish conundrum?
What do you call a masterbating zombie?
How do you get an Indian girl pregnant?
What do you call a car accident between two Nissan pick-up trucks?
Why are Americans bad at League of Legends?
What is a Lumber-Jack from Massachusetts' favorite drink?
How does Liam Neeson like his martini?
What is the most expensive type of prostitute?
Why do mice have such small balls?
What do you call it when dolls have a cookout?
Why didn't the life guard save the hippy?
What happens when the Batman sees Catwoman?
What's for dinner Dad?
What did the fireman say when he noticed his hammer was on fire?
What's a pirates favorite letter?
How many Harvard graduates does it take to change a light bulb?
What looks like celery, tastes like celery, but isnt celery?
Which animal is the best to be in cold weather?
Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens?
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow?
What's the difference between light and hard?
Why couldnt the bike stand on its own?
What do you call a scouser in a suit?
How do you kill a one-legged fox?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
What did the Italian baseball coach say about the only woman on the team?
Why female sys-admins restart systems more often then men?
What did the woman do when she broke up with her boyfriend for her Mexican lover?
Why did the woman leave her overweight husband unconscious in a burning building?
Why don't hipsters live in Alaska?
What do you call an elephant that looks like a rhino?
What do you call a Mexican midget?
[OC] Why did the mortgage broker go out of business?
What's the difference between a baby and a pie?
What do you call a nurse with dirty knees?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
On the subject of jokes we made up as kids, what do you call a group of hams?
I See your 7 year old jokes and I raise my own, What do you get when you cross the ocean with a Train Station?
What's a cheese's favorite kind of drug?
What do you call a country that doesn't use credit cards?
Have you heard the joke about the man with no tongue?
What do you call a midget in a hospital waiting room constantly complaining about how long he's been waiting?
Thought of this the other day as a 22 y/o... How do you win the vegetable race?
Corny computer jokes? Why was the spider inside the Computer?
Another one a 7 year old appreciates: Why did the anti-terrorist soldier blow up the toilet?
Since we're doing jokes we made up as kids, here's mine: What did the World Chess Champion ask Michael Jackson?
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up?
My own joke that I'm incredibly proud of: What kind of weather do Black Prince tomatoes grow best in?
What is the easiest way to kill a frenchman?
What did the robot say to the gas pump?
Why was the computer embarrassed?
What did the Libyan Dictator's wife say when she didn't want to have sex?
What do you call two breath mints that were turned into humans by a scientist?
I see your childhood joke and raise you mine: What object crashes the most?
What are 5 black people in a red car?
What was the terrorist's pick up line?
What is a pedophiles favorite Italian meal?
Why do mathematician never go to the beach?
What is Michael Bay's favorite chess move?
What do you call an old person trying to fit in with today's kids?
Why is your nose in the middle of your face?
How many socialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What is never the answer?
Why did u shoot your wife ?
What is a Mexican's favorite Queen song?
Whats the most slippery country?
How do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
What do you call it when a banana eats another banana?
What happened to the two gladiator olives?
What is it called when you kill a friend?
What's the definition of a will?
Why would you throw a rock at a Mexican man riding a bike?
What's it called when you go around looking for stuff to buy that's made in America?
If I eat lots of preservatives, won't I live longer?
What do you call a nautical plunderer who assists with the flight of an aircraft?
Why do mules not work as hard as horses?
How do you know if your wine was made in the 90's?
Wanna hear a joke about pizza?
What do you call a midget fortune teller running from the police?
What do you call fast food emergencies?
What do you call a sleepwalking nun?
Did you hear about...?
What do you call a crocodile who always lies?
Did you hear about the epileptic midget who works at the pizzeria?
My mexican friend told me he is far sided, I said so does that mean you cant see far away?
How can you tell a mechanic just had sex?
What did the conceited man say while he stood on the north pole?
How to know she's the one?
How often do i make jokes about chemistry?
How to piss off the JokeExplainBot?
question about god?
What do you call a terrorist's girlfriend?
What's the difference between firewood and a jew?
How did the underage mathematician get drunk?
How many Jews does it take to kill Jesus?
How do you make a baby cry twice?
How many redditors does it take to screw in a new lightbulb?
Why US didn't attack India, after twin-tower incident, looking for terrorists ?
Hey guys, wanna hear a joke?
How do you keep an idiot in suspense for 24 hours?
Who let the docs out?
What do you call a biscuit on a motorbike?
Why is it once you go black you never go back?
In a room of engineers, how many does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's the best thing about having insomnia?
Has this been posted before?
How do you know the passengers of the missing plane are alive?
What does a gas discharge lamp?
What does a light bulb filled with gas?
If Terminator had a horse, what would its name be?
(JOKE) What does a light bulb filled with gas?
Yeah, you like getting choked don't you!?
What do you call someone who is always disagreeing with their calculator?
Why was Chuck Norris born by her aunt?
What did the shower say to the toilet?
What's the easiest way to make a homeless person bleed?
How many JokeExplainBots does it take to change a lightbulb?
John Oliver ?
What does the sign of an out of business brothel say?
What did they say about the guy who woke up and jerked off on his alarm clock every day?
What do you call the foreskin on a gay guy..?
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb?
How would Hitler conquer African countries?
Why did Obama cross Pennsylvania Ave?
What did one tampon say to the other?
Why was John Lennon shocked when he got his wife's gynecologist bill?
What is a terrorist's favorite wine?
What to toilet paper and the starship enterprise have in common?
What did the soccer player shout to the baker who's cakes kept sticking to the tin?
what comes after the bar?
What do midget's bodies produce more of?
What do you get when you mix a joke with a rhetorical question?
Why did the tennis player get her radio taken away?
How many Redditors does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's easier to get, aids or lung cancer?
Why did Aristotle hate French fries?
What's the most popular search engine in Israel?
Why are there no transvestites in space?
How did the blonde burn her ear?
How did I escape Iraq?
What does a clock do when it gets hungry?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off?
What do you call a reindeer trapped in a storm?
(Quick one-liner joke:) Why are pretty women like pianos?
How can you tell if she is virgin or not?
Why did the stop sign get an STD?
At what age did Hitler's uncle try to molest him at?
Whats the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?
What 3 candies do you find in school?
What do you call an all guy Christian party?
What is the hardest part of eating a vegetable?
How do you make a Giraffe go to war?
What do you call a half elephant, half rhinoceros?
What does a baby in a blender sound like?
What's worse than lobsters on your piano?
What are the consequences of smoking weed?
What's the strongest muscle on a pig?
Where on Earth can you find the highest concentration of Jews?
Narcos + Sushi thought for the day: How have I never come across a roll called the "Pablo Escolar"?
How many psychiatrist does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you get when you sit under a cow?
What’s the difference between a fish and a mountain goat?
Why do Java programmers wear glasses?
How does Snoop Dogg keep his shirts so white?
What's common between a lawyer and an eccentric billionaire with bad teeth?
Why is it so hard for an eighty year old woman to pee in the morning?
Why was the smurf's hat blue?
on a scale of 1-10, how funny is reddit?
How come Mr. and Mrs. Claus don't have any kids?
A little boy , aged 7 asks dad , "daddy what is sex " ?
Why did the baker have sticky hands?
What's a single mother's favorite dessert?
What did David say when the tourist tried to touch him?
Why can't your penis be 12 inches?
How does a train driver operate a train while eating gum?
Does anyone know what subreddit "your mamma" jokes are in?
Why should you never bet on Germany at the Olympics?
Y do ENGINEERING students always prefer local author books then REFERENCE books..??
If X-Men and Legend of Korra had a crossover what kind of bender would Magneto be?
How does a Syrian family have a meal?
What do you call the continuous urge to suck dick?
What do you say when a robot explodes into pieces?
(OC) What did the auditors say to the South American shopkeeper?
Why do bees hum?
How do you fit 15 Jews into a car?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What's the difference between a jew and a pizza?
What's the closest synonym to a love boat?
What did the old billy bobs eat at McDonald's?
Why do white girls only travel in packs of 3's?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean...?
What's the difference between a mechanical and a civil engineer?
Why Do Sorority Girls Travel In Packs Of 1, 3, 5 or 7?
Why did the teacher cross her eyes?
Did you guys know that water can talk?
What Do You Call Fake Spaghetti?
Did you hear about the guy who ate his trousers?
What's the difference between a piano and tuna?
Who ate a lot and conquered Rome?
What do you call a Mexican baptism?
After being away from Reddit for a day, how do you keep up with what you missed?
Why did the plane crash into the mountain?
what did the locomotive conductor crave once he became a zombie?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea?
What happens when you throw a piano down a mine shaft?
What does OP and DiGiorno have in common?
What porn do vampires love?
What's the Pope's least favorite human bone?
Whats do a baby and old people have in common?
What's better than roses on your piano?
What's the difference between a High School girls track team and a tribe of pigmy?
How can you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator?
Did you hear about the clairvoyant midget that escaped from jail?
Did you hear about the two Jamaican Turtles at the RNC?
What do you call a football team full of retards?
What comes between fear and sex?
What's a cats favorite song?
Are you're hungry now?
A 64 years old male tourist swept away in Amazon river, where did he end up?
What do you call a bread place that doesn't make any money?
Why does a chicken coupe have two doors?
How much business does an Amish prostitute get?
What's the difference between tuna, a piano and glue?
This isn't a racist joke..is it?
Why are there only 49 'Black Miss America' contestants?
What do you call an overweight Scott Walker?
Did you know David Guetta was French?
How can you tell there is a Canadian in your closet?
Verdad o mentira?
Who's the most popular guy at a nudist colony?
Q: Why is air a lot like sex?
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord?
How do you get heaps of pikachu on to a bus?
How do you get pickled bread?
What do you do with an epileptic lettuce?
"When you realise your friend is an idiot" Stories!?
What is the political correct term for hipster?
What does a Jew with an erection get when he walks into a wall?
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many gays does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the difference between a Toaster and Hitler?
How many hipsters dose it take to change a light bulb?
Did you guys hear about the constipated mathematician?
Why did the cowboy want a Weiner dog?
What do you call a black pilot?
[request] Do you like bad jokes?
What is Donald trumps favorite street?
What did Groot say when he had amnesia?
What's the worst part about being a black jew?
What do you call a black person that flies a plane?
How many Mexican clowns can you fit in a car?
What do gay horses eat?
What did N say to Z?
How does a jew make coffee?
What's the easiest sport to get into?
Did you hear about the magician who turned himself into a driveway?
What do you call a russian with three testicles?
Why do white people not like playing uno with mexicans?
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple?
How do you starve a black person?
What do you get when you cross Donald Trump with Einstein?
Why was the carpenter crying?
Why do they bury child molesters 10 feet under?
What do you say to a woman with two black eyes?
Did you hear about the guy with two wooden legs who's house burnt down?
Why was there semen on the clean laundry?
Why don't you want to win an award for Best Feline Sphincter?
What's the name of the smallest pub in the world?
What is the difference between a rat and a person?
Why wasn't the son of God worried when Microsoft Word crashed while he was writing his term paper?
Miracle?
how do you starve a black person?
What kind of music did the caveman who liked rocks and rolling about create?
What type of curry has cumin?
AFFLICTED?
How do you make a witch pregnant?
How do you kill a poet?
Does Batman make this look bad?
What's the Indian way of saying 'Bread of Heaven'?
How do you fit 4 gay guys on one chair?
Why did Loki want the tesseract?
How would you describe sex with a midget covered in sugar?
What element can you find in almost any shoe store?
How many Emos does it take to change a light bulb?
Where was the first discovered potato located?
What do you call a woman who has a lot of sex?
Did you hear about the new Jason Bourne movie, still Bourne?
What did the wise man say to the science class?
What did the fat piece of shit say when he screwed up?
Why was the chef fired?
Did you hear about the overweight prison escapee?
Are you from Russia?
How often does jet fuel melt steel beams?
How many French people need to defend Paris?
What's the difference between a gay man and a Christian man?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Did you hear about the guy who died from eating too many doughnuts?
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Did you know that pigeons die after they have sex?
What's E.T. short for?
Who loves fast food?
What does a Jewish pedophile say to an 8 year old boy?
What's grey and comes in gallons?
How do you build a boat?
How many blonde's does it take to screw In a light bulb?
Want to hear a joke about my penis?
Is it legal for a man to marry his widow's sister?
What do you call a lesbian Dinosaur?
Why did the hipster burn its tongue?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How many Hipsters does it take to change a light bulb?
Did you hear about the sheep who's young son carried him off the farm?
-Why did the console peasants cross the road?
What does a 1337 pirate call his friends?
Why does Torque live on campus?
If your mother and your wife fell into a river, who would you save?
Why is the rainbow a symbol of homosexuality?
Why didn't the man go to dat place?
How much does a hipster weigh?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How do the Jedi imprison Siths?
Why did the hipster burn his tongue drinking tea?
You know what gets me about karma whores?
What do you call a depressed bear?
Have you guys heard about Reese Witherspoon?
What did one casual necrophiliac say to the other as they left their day jobs?
What did the doubting monocled feminist say to the mourning mammogram specialist about semen cake?
Wanna see an asshole wrapped in plastic?
What's Varys the Spider's favorite OS?
Why are black people so tall?
what did the prostitutes knee say to the other one?
What do call an ant that helps you with your taxes?
Why didn't the white officer shoot the black guy?
Why do hipsters never die?
what do you call a clean idiot?
Why did the hipster burn his tongue?
What's the difference between jews and pizza?
Did you hear about the African who loved Monday Mornings?
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?
What happens to a jew when he runs into a wall with an erection?
What did the blonde's left leg say to her right leg?
What did the hoodrats have for thanksgiving dinner?
How do you make a buff guy talk to you for hours?
Why can't you starve in a desert?
What's the difference between a catfish and a Russian prostitute?
What does the Fox say?
What does it taste like to go down on a senior citizen?
What do Mormons and tweakers have in common?
Why did the dislocated finger leave the party?
Why are there only 49 entrants in the Ms. Black USA competition?
What do you call a black guy that flies planes?
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off?
When's a door not a door?
Why is Santa's sack so big?
Hello? Is the Communist Party here?
Did you hear how they caught the guy who burgled Will Smith's house?
What's the difference between an oral and anal thermometer?
What do you call a black man who flies a plane?
What's the difference between Jesus and a framed picture of Jesus?
What's the best thing about punching twenty one years olds?
What's the difference between Michael j. Fox and an earthquake?
Did you hear about the woman who drowned in semen?
What do you call a pig that does karate?
What does a gay horse eat?
Why do seals swim in salt water?
What did the English man say when he walked in on his wife making love to three men?
What song did the gay guy sing on his way back from vacation in Thailand?
How do lumber theives offload their stolen goods?
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?
What did Stevie Wonder say when he found out he was blind...?
Whats the difference between seeing a rapist in the daytime and seeing a rapist at night?
When is the best time to schedule a Dentist Appointment?
What do moths study at school?
Why can't blind people bungee jump?
Did you hear about the hobo who won the marathon?
What does Bill Cosby put in his garden?
How do you get holy water?
Why did God make four cheeks in the human body?
What is the definition of a Yankee?
Knock knock?
Why are 9/11 victims the best readers?
What do you call a bull dick wrapped in a pita?
Why did the short guy lose the basketball game?
What did the sign on the whore house door say?
How many dead babies, does it take to change a lightbulb?
What did the porn star put at the end of their resume?
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo?
What do you call a bird that believes in the change in the basic assumptions, or paradigms, within the ruling theory of science?
What's the difference between a Hippo and a Zippo?
What would Jesus's favorite gun be?
Where does a North Korean go after he upvotes a thread on Reddit?
What's worse than ants in your pants?
How do you stop volcanoes from erupting?
What's similar between Gump and Trump?
What's the difference between a smoker and a crossfitter?
Who is the biggest slut in the whole wide world?
Ever tried 77?
Did you hear the one about the constipated math teacher?
What were the lawyer's final words to the man who killed him?
What walks on eight legs until the age of one, four legs until the age of twenty, and two legs after?
What do you call a fat pedophile?
What's the difference between a piano, a tuna, and a pot of glue?
What do you call a black guy flying a plane?
What do you call a vehicle that has changed gender?
Why was little Billy so sad when his friends played on the swingset?
What does hippie sex and base jumping have in common?
How do you call a jockey falling from his horse ?
What did the astronaut from AA say in space?
How do you tell an astronaut where they're going?
What did the first airplane engine say to the second airplane engine?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
What's a cardiologist's favourite kind of music?
When is a door not a door?
What do you call a black man that flies an airplane?
Why is marriage like thin toilet paper?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Does your state have less water than California?
What happened when the cow tried to milk itself?
What was the suicide bomber greeted by in the afterlife?
Why are LED's a good investment?
why did the scarecrow win a medal?
Do you know why computer parts are not expensive?
What do lesbians cook for dinner?
What do you get if you cross a rhetorical question and a joke?
Whats a famous piece of shit, that hates mexicans?
What did Jared say when the girl asked him for a footlong?
How many Democrats does it take?
What did the farming professor say to his new students?
What do you call a smoking hooker?
Why do cows wear bells?
What do Palestinian children dream of becoming when they grow up?
What do you call your gay Uncle?
Where did Sally go after the explosion?
What's a Chinese woman called with one leg shorter than the other?
What did Batman say to The Joker ?
What's the worst way to convince an officer who's pulled you over not to ticket you?
What's another name for a chicken testicle?
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito?
How can you tell when your wife has died?
What's the difference between tulips and roses?
what did the offensive Subaru say ?
What sexual position makes the ugliest babies?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
A Batman Joke for Indians - What do you call Batman without a soul?
Why do you never see any Stormtroopers as photographers?
Why some of your hair are white dad ?
What do you call a fight between a mexican and a pedophile?
Why do most movie sequels stink?
What's the difference between a Yankee, a Damn Yankee, and a God Damn Yankee?
You know what's a good joke?
Why is it illegal for a man living in North Carolina to be buried in South Carolina?
Why don't you see many chemists with master's degrees working with acids and bases?
What device did Jared Fogle use to keep track of his exercise progresswhen he lost over 200 pounds on the Subway diet?
Why did Ken and Barbie never have any kids?
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact?
What's an MLG's smartphone of choice?
Why was six scared of seven?
What's a neckbeard's favorite spread?
How many Mexicans does it take to wax a car?
Who are the most decent people in the hospital?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did the astronaut break up with his girlfriend?
Why can't you see hippopotamus hiding in trees?
Why does West Virginia have so many unsolved murders?
How did Jared from Subway get food poisoning?
What’s the difference between a hippo and a Zippo?
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs?
What do you call a masturbating bull?
Have you seen the new karate opera?
Is your name Google?
What do hand grenades and wives have in common?
What's black and screams?
What's the difference between a hooker and an onion?
What did the left tit say to the right tit?
How do you fire a Chinese cook?
You know how I found out I have a fruit fetish?
What's the difference between in-laws and outlaws?
What did the white guy say when he found out his sister got knocked up by her black boyfriend?
Have you guys heard the joke about the airplane?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
What take out food should you avoid at all costs in Hospital?
What's the worst kind of T-Shirt?
In what realm does Thor use his hammer the most?
What do waiters and prostitutes have in common?
Have you ever smelled Moth Balls?
What do you call blonde girls in a wrapper?
What do you tell a woman that has 37 stab wounds?
What did the Mexican say when his roof fell on him?
Why can't you fight an accountant ?
How do you change the number of sides in a pentagon?
You know what I like about bathroom humor?
What's Jared from Subway's favorite chord?
What would Matthew McConaughey eat if he were a horse?
Why is Germany uninhabitable for cats?
What do you call someone who is racist against Asians?
How many ADD/ADHD kids does it take to change a light bulb?
Why does the chicken cross the road?
What's the difference between a lobster and an oriental woman run over by a steamroller?
What do you call the female version of Donald Trump?
What did the jihadist do when he forgot to study?
What kind of nuts you got?
If Cookie Monster was going to eat a country, what country would he eat?
Pete and Repeat were on a boat. Pete fell off, so who was left?
Why is 6 divorcing 7?
Have you heard the one about Hitler's speech writer?
Neo Nazi?
Why has Stonehenge been there since 2000 BC?
What do you call a Mexican midget?
What do you call someone who puts a picture of themselves in a locket?
What do you call a little spanish girl that searches for Redditors?
What would Voldemort name his pet tortoise ?
What goes, "Pieces of Nine, Pieces of Nine"?
What happens when a lighter smokes weed?
Did you hear about the new sprinklers from Australia?
Do you know why Station Masters are so good at their job??
Ever hear about the farmer who bought a tractor with no seat and no steering wheel?
Have you heard the joke about the baby with AIDS?
Why do Mobius strips make such bad politicians?
Why did the rock band get in serious treble?
what is worse than finding a worm in your apple?
What does a successful rapping cow struggle with?
Why is it Windows 10 and not 9?
How do they say "fuck you" in Los Angeles?
What would a porno be like? Lots of clicking and snapping?
What's a karate experts favourite beverage?
What is it called when you butt dial from your front pocket?
Why is it faster to download Midget porn?
Why did the cyclops quit teaching?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What's the name of that German guy that keeps hiding my stuff around the house?
How many libertarians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many NRA spokesmen does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why did the farmer screw their sheep on a cliff?
What do you call a seaside shanty for kids without parents?
Why did the late man stand on the clock?
What is Bin Laden's Favorite Football Team?
What do you call the new policing strategy of communities such as Ferguson, Missouri?
What's gray and can't fly?
Why do you never play uno with a mexican?
Why does Woody Harrelson's wife call him Moses?
What's something that you can catch but not throw?
How do you call a car designed for midgets?
Why couldn't the soldier feel his legs?
What does a child without arms get for x-mas?
what type of meat does the pope eat?
What would happen if the BLM people became white lives matter?
What's long and hard on a black man?
How did Moses make his tea?
Why should you always run next to a car?
How does the Ultimate Warrior repair his car?
Where do Turkish people go to purchase their furniture?
what do you call a Canadian alien?
What does a Jewish man, an Asian man, and a black man have in common?
What kind of salad dressing does a tree use?
What do you do with an elephant with three balls?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What happens when you insult Terrance on the Oregon Trail?
What made the world stop being Blue?
What file archiver do Tigers use?
You know what's a job I could really see myself doing?
What’s the difference between an illegal Mexican and ET?
One direction splitting up?
If Chris Brown played Quidditch, what position would he play?
Why do women get so upset when they miscarry?
Did you hear Al Gore's new electronic / R&B album?
hey girl, are you a fridge?
What do you get when you cross a polar bear and a seal?
How do Italians light their dynamite?
What two friends belonging to two different alien species call each other?
What do you call a Chinese rapist?
What do you get when you throw a grenade into a kitchen in France?
What's the opposite of a hipster?
What's the hardest thing about rollerblading?
Why do chemists love bad jokes?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
How can you teach Jamals and Juans?
What language does a Jewish homosexual speak?
What kind of coffee do the Islamists hate the most ?
Did you hear about the Mexican racist?
What type of pasta is no longer used in Canada?
What's the worst thing about running 100 meters in less than 10 seconds?
Name a bird which doesn't lay eggs?
What do you call a potato that thinks he is in charge?
Why did Jared go to a Goat farm?
What is a burp?
what after c?
How did Jared lose 150lbs?
Why wasn't Hitler invited to the BBQ?
What do you call a Mexican firefighter?
How does a Mexican cut their pizza?
How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb?
What did Helen Keller scream when she got mugged?
What do Paul Walker and Pink Floyd have in common?
What do Mexican jokes have in common with black jokes?
What does Osama bin Laden and my wife's clitoris have in common?
What do you call two lesbians in the closet?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
what did the boy with no arms an no legs get for Christmas?
What do you get when you cross sriracha, Little Caesars, and a donkey?
Have you heard about one direction?
What's the biggest similarity between a bottle of Draino and a Danish stripper?
How many saiyans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why was the Redditor's picture crooked?
How do you call an unfanny comedian?
Why was the sun wearing sunglasses?
Joke 1.What do you call a crazy person who shops at Wal-mart? Joke 2. What do you call a crazy person who shops at a thrift store?
How many lawyer jokes are there?
How does a ghost defend its self?
Did you hear who Deez Nuts is picking as a running mate?
What critically acclaimed movie did Zeus star in?
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive a car?
Why did David Schwimmer need ear drops?
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo?
How do you make an egg laugh?
What do you call a group of 5 guys named Curtis that are all wearing matching suits?
What do you call it when a car tailgates you, then speeds past you on a double-solid line only to be immediately pulled over by a state trooper?
Did you guys hear about the new exorcist movie?
Whats the useless skin around the vagina called?
What did the judge do to the lawyer who insulted him?
What's small, orange and sounds like a parrot?
What do you call a gummy bear with no teeth?
What does the guy who has been backpacking just a bit too long miss most about home ?
Daddy can I go out dancing with my friends tonight?
Where does a digital photographer hang his work?
Where can you meet horny girls?
Why was the Butcher depressed?
Who did they cast as the Hulk"s dog?
[OC]Where was the pirate when he was hit in the crotch?
What's the fastest way to heaven?
Why are there so few black hockey players?
Why do Pedophiles love Pianos?
What's the difference between a 'hippo' and a 'Zippo'?
Who was the greatest prostitute in history?
What has nine arms and blows?
Why do black people wear lots of chains?
An old man told me this old joke: What did the blind man say when he walked past the fish store?
Are we dangerous?
What did one penis say to the other penis?
Whats Fetty Wap's favorite restaurant?
- Hi, this is NSA calling. - Yes, I know. - How do you know?
How many white people does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you tell an Irishman if you catch him urinating?
Where is my favourite body part?
What is a cats favorite website?
What's a dank memer's favorite letter?
What's a zombie's favorite snack?
How do you start a Mexican bedtime story?
What do you say if you meet someone from Anonymous in an S&M club?
What's a pirate's least favourite letter?
When are jousting tournaments most commonly held?
What do you call a Mexican midget?
How cops does it take to change a light bulb?
What do nuclear physicists eat for lunch?
Why do porn stars always talk the same way as they would to a pet?
What's better than a Spick on a Stick?
What's the best thing about Switzerland?
How do do you get a Redditor to do what you want?
Whats blue and pretty on top, and brown and kind of a bummer in the bottom?
What did Donald Duck say to Goofy?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
You know what I hate most about N.D.A.s?
What do you call a far-ranging debate?
What do you call water that hasn't been changed?
Any funny student council election catchphrases for posters?
What do you call a little Mexican?
What did the homeless prostitute's boyfriend call her?
Why did the mathematician quit his job and join NASCAR?
what's a pirate's favourite letter?
Why do people hit things (ex. TV, computer, etc.) when they don't work?
Did you hear about the guy who broke into Tiger Woods' house?
Why do Scottish men wear kilts?
What does Che Guevara call his house?
Did you hear about the insomniac, dyslexic, obsessive compulsive butcher?
How many qataris does it take to change a lightbulb?
What is the difference between black, morbid and brutal humor?
How many Canadians does it take to change a light bulb?
What's the difference between Marty McFly and a Bears fan?
Why is Ashley Maddison the best hook up site on the Internet?
What do you call a pimp with his whores?
What does a Spanish dog say at the marina?
What do you call Kansas overrun by pirates?
Did you hear about the 2 guys that stole a calendar?
What do you call a town in the middle of the Arctic Ocean?
How did Hitler react to the fall of Berlin?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve?
What do you call an egotistical anorexic?
If you blew up Mount Rushmore, what crime would you have committed?
Ever heard of The Mental Challenge ?
What is worst then the holocaust?
Why did the kittens turn atheist?
Why has Ten been flirting with Seven?
How do boats apologise?
Why did the pasta chef take his car into the body shop?
What's the mating call of a sorority girl?
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe?
Why is a woman like a KFC?
Who do Egyptians pray to when the public transportation breaks down?
What did the cowboy say as he walked into a German car garage?
Why do sailors use liquid soap?
What do you call an affectionate island?
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a light bulb?
Kid: Hey, Mum! What's an orgasm?
What did the pirate say after his successful pillage?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
You know those before-after models?
What do you call a Jihad male cow?
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping Tom?
Why did the Crab not share any plankton with his friends?
What do prostitutes work for?
Who takes a shit while they're at a party?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
What do you get when you feed an Eevee a sandwich?
What did the fish say when he ran into a wall?
Why are autistic people like black people?
Three kittens were on a roof, which slipped off first?
Why do felines always win board games?
What's the plural of compass?
What do you call being sick because of an airport?
What did the lumberjack say when his colleague went home sick?
On a scale of 1-15, how bad is the economic crisis in Greece?
Do you guys know what a minstrel cycle is?
Why did the suicidal chicken cross the road?
Do you like tapes and CDs?
What do marriage and hurricanes have in common?
What would have Hitler been if he was blind?
If there is a hurricane coming why don't we just name it a black name?
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie?
How many Protestants does it take to change a lightbulb?
How do the French Train for War?
What is hard when it goes in and soft and sticky when it comes out?
What do you call a funny baked good?
What do Reptiles love to smoke?
Why do indigenous people hate snow?
What did the Trump supporting viticulturist say Monday morning?
Whats black and sits at the top of the stairs?
What will they ask Jared of Subway in the prison shower?
How many cocks does it take to make your mother cry?
Do you know what's funnier than 24?
Did you hear about the blind prostitute?
How do you know that a dog is a man's best friend?
What do you call a mexican with two dads?
Do you know how the store Menards got its name?
Why do gay people dress so well?
What do you call a lesbian with fat fingers?
Have you read that new book on antigravity?
Are you guys all right?
How does Jared like to play his flute?
Did you hear about the guy who bought a ring for his under age fiancé?
What did Obama say when he proposed to Michelle?
There are 2 cats. One is called "One Two Three" and the other is called "Un Deux Trois", which is the best at swimming?
What plays in a diamond and eats box?
Where does dragon milk come from?
What's worse than one bee?
Why did Jared vote for gore in the 2000 election?
Did you hear about the Buddhist who refused Novocaine during a root canal?
Why do they name all hurricanes after women?
What are Hindus' favorite flowers?
Hey, do you guys remember the one REALLY good scene in hitman?
What's the difference between a white girl who likes to tan and a burger?
Did you hear about Josh Duggar's cheating scandal?
What do you call a black guy?
Has anyone heard of the potato mail thing?
What type of weed does a reptile smoke?
What did the black man say to the Mexican?
Why is it called Mother Nature?
Why did the cowboy adopt a weiner dog?
Who is Pitbull's favorite nascar driver?
What is a ghost's favorite part of school?
Why did the tear testify in court?
What did the deaf guy get for Christmas ?
Did you know the Bible forbids sunbathing in Greece?
What present can you give to the woman who has everything?
Why do fat women always have a cat?
Why are baby cows considered lunch meat?
What type of porn do Canadians watch?
Using double negatives results in the meaning being positive. So, should using double positives should give a negative meaning?
Have you heard of the grammar nazi?
Where does Q come before P?
What is a pirates favorite letter?
Want to hear a joke about /r/science ?
What's the best part about bangin' twenty six year olds?
Why are so many Italians named Tony?
What do you call an unemployed Rastafarian?
Where does a sad chemist find employment?
What's Jared's favorite side dish?
What's a dick's favorite song?
How do you say "I surrender" in french?
What's the final digit of the square root of 2 (√2)?
What do you call a women who has had a lot of sex?
Why a fruit doesn't walk?
What's Subway Jared's favorite song?
What ya call a lesbian with large fingers?
What's the difference between Tom Brady and Ben Roethlisberger?
What do you call a knuckle sandwich in California?
What do you call a stingy crab?
What do you call a shitty reptile?
(Neighbor, curious): What's wrong with little Timmy?
Why did Jared Fogel have trouble having sex with twenty seven year olds?
Does anyone know the punchline to this joke from the book "straight to hell"?
Did you hear about the construction worker who was hired to frame a house?
What did the dubstep valentine's day card say?
What's Subway Jared's favorite TV show?
What's the official sports drink of the KKK?
Why was the little boy crying at the diamond store?
What do you call a Chinese fly with no wings?
How many actors does it take to change a light bulb?
Why don't Jedi Knights use the Kelvin scale?
Why did the Mexican put hot sauce on his taco?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
What do we want ? Race-car noises! When do we want them?
Why couldn't you trust the king of the jungle?
Why does the american loose at billard ?
Why did the baker have brown hands?
Why did Snoop Dogg buy an umbrella?
Why did the fiancé say "Yes!" and why did the little boy say "No!"?
Why was Saint Peter so good at basketball?
What do you call a fake Sony phone?
Do you know why Jesus doesn't play hockey?
Do you know why every new bride smiles?
What do you call it when two Vietnamese people are together?
Why should you never have unprotected ear sex?
What was Rudolf Hess' favorite band?
What's the difference between Jared from Subway's gut and his junk?
What's worse than a Jimmy John's full of dead babies?
Where did Josh Duggar take his first Ashley Madison date?
Why was the Dragonborn arrested in the Whiterun bakery?
What do you call a fish with no eye's?
Hey did you guys hear about Jared from Subway?
Have you heard Subway's new slogan?
Why did the gay guy refuse to spit in the water?
What happens when something travels faster than the speed of light?
What's the best way to wipe a computer server?
Where does a dog get a new tail?
Did you hear the Fresno Library is sinking?
Isn't this whole Ashley Madison hack exactly what their users wanted?
What does a bird with an injured wing need?
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino?
What did the community do when there was an injustice involving law enforcement?
Why are there only 239 beans in a bag of beans?
Why were the dyslexic lesbians frustrated?
Did you hear about Jared Fogle?
Why did the pedophile lose weight?
Did you hear about the girl who resembles a rat?
Why did the black kid fail algebra?
What does Rabbits and Eggs have in common ?
How do you please a Mennonite woman?
Why did god create man?
What’s the difference between a Jew and a pizza?
Why are pregnant women given priority on public transport?
I made 2 eggs this morning and my son ate more than half. How many eggs did he eat?
How did president Obama win the election?
Why are League of Legends players the most skeptical people on Earth?
Why do farts smell?
Why does the donkey have such long ears?
Why did the feminist cross the road?
Why did the Greenlander get so angry when he didn't win the lottery?
Do you know poop is tapered at one end?
What do you call a porno with conjoined twins?
ELI5: Why do i suck at posting in the right sub?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What did Matthew McConaughey yell at the drive that was about to miss his turn?
Did you hear the one about the feminist stand-up?
Give me a compliment?
Is Hell exothermic (gives off heat) or endothermic (absorbs heat)?
How do you get reddit to upvote any sentence?
How many tumblr users does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why did the clam go to jail?
How do you circumcise a Hill-Billy?
Why can't you rape an Eskimo?
Doc, give it to me straight. How is my wife doing?
How does Sean Connery shave?
What's the difference between a pretty girl and an apple?
What did the man who invented the bum shaking machine realize when he turned it on?
What's the difference between a Private and a Private First Class?
Why did the lady with multiple personality disorder share her food with a friend?
What do you call an Asian man blowing another guy?
Did you hear about the guy who was run over by a train?
what's the difference between cocaine and a 4 year old?
what do you call a bunny in a kilt?
Did you hear about the cow that won the nobel peace prize?
How did Copernicus become the first Polish astronomer?
Where does Vladimir keep his shit?
what do exorcists and alcoholics have in common?
What do you call it when a cat gets angry?
[OC] Where do all the cutest electrons hang out?
What city would you be in if you dropped your waffle on the beach?
Why are some musicians so antisocial?
What do you get when you cross a gay man and a jew?
What do Marylanders call their ex-girlfriends?
Why did the lion lose at poker?
What's the most popular pickup line in gay bars?
What did the organic chemist use tinder for?
How Many Feminists Does it Take to Change a Light bulb?
How many christians does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's brown and sticky?
What type of gun does a feminist carry?
Why was 1 all salty?
What did JayZ say to the theoretical mathematician?
What's the difference between U and I?
How do you tell if someone is a metalhead, pot-smoker or pro-gay?
What makes teaching gender studies so great ?
What's the best score you can get on a test?
What do we want? Racing car noises! When do we want them?
What does a time traveller do when he's hungry?
What do you get when you cross Hilter, the Terminator, and Cthulhu?
How is American beer comparable to having sex on a boat?
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why don't chickens wear underwear?
What did the blind man say when he walked past the fish market?
What do Harry Potter and Kermit The Frog's penis have in common?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What did the train say on the way to Auschwitz?
What do runners eat before a race?
Why don't feminists carry handguns?
What does a laser in a church sound like?
What do you call a woman who thinks she can do anything a man can do?
Why did the Golfer feel aladeen about his socks ?
What does a cue ball and a mexican have in common?
What's the dieeference between /r/Showerthoughts and /r/jokes?
Hey mind if I try some of your chloroform?
How do you make a sheep jump off a cliff?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
You guys know who holds the record for speed reading?
Why don't owls make love in the rain?
How did the group of 4 dogs win the golf tournament?
You know what most people hate about ambiguity?
Whats the problem with feminist picnics ?
What do you call two detectives tracking down a ghost?
How did the hipster burn his tounge?
What do we want? Race car noises! When do we want them?
What does pizza and vagina have in common?
What are 8 Nougat-Bits?
Have you heard about the movie called 'Constipation'...?
Why was 110 afraid of 111?
What do you call a loaf of grumpy bread?
Why did 10 die?
What is something a lot of redditors mix up?
What's the name of the car of a hipster batman?
Say friends, why is it tough to play poker with cattle farmers?
What did the 0 say to the 8?
Are you constantly in a rush and have ZERO time to just sit around and relax?
What do you call a blind german?
What kind of cuisine did the rude Jamaican serve?
What band does a wannabe join?
What do you call a white grandmother?
What the difference between a Mexican and a bench?
What does Mario wear?
How do you get a hotdog to dance?
Why do most people from Russia wear track suits?
Whats the difference between puberty and prostitution?
How do you call a bucket list created by a 16 year old?
Hey gurl, are you an inaccurate answer?
What's an author's favorite drink?
What kind of meat does the Pope eat?
What did the dyslexic traveller say when he arrived at an unknown station?
What did the fish say when he swam into a wall?
Is is best to do your homework on an empty stomach or a full stomach?
What do you use to transport pittas?
What do you call a dinosaur that raps about life?
What did the Middle Eastern terrorist say when he was captured by the police?
What is the difference between a bad haircut and a good haircut?
Why is the moon so grumpy?
Could you buy me something cheap for lunch, please?
What did the bird say in gratitude?
How do you impress a girl?
Did you hear about the power surge across the street?
Did you hear about the guy who ate glass?
Why does voldemort have flat face?
Why are divorces so expensive?
What is black and white and black and white and black and white?
Why are glasses required to do math?
Why did Serj Tankian cross the road?
What direction does a Walter White-themed GPS tell you to turn?
Why do you go to a black mans garage sale?
Why did Princess Diana divorce Prince Charles?
What was the name of the pakistani hide and seek champion ?
What do you call a grocery store for people with dementia?
What do you call a cannibal that only eats disabled people?
Why isn't your nose 12 inches long?
What did the feminist baker blame for all of her life's problems?
what's it called when a mafia boss named Ana Conda sends his snobbish criminal henchman to go on a mission that includes said henchman going down multiple flights of stairs?
Why do feminists hate the post the USPS?
Why are urologists selfish?
What did the potato chip say to the battery?
Why do flowers and beer get along so well?
Did you hear about the teacher who never farted in class?
What's the only thing Gary the gay geneticist loves more than he loves his boyfriend, Bill?
Why didn't the elephant eat the banana?
What did the ghost say to the bee?
What happens when you get hit by a rental car?
Where do sad Ukrainians go?
Why can you trust a musician?
Why Mathematics make you a Terrorist?
Herr Freud, why would you absentmindedly sketch a dick while talking on the phone?
Do you know what the white stuff in bird poop is?
Why didn't Microsoft release Windows 9?
Why did the student act crazy each time he worked on math homework?
How does a black woman know she's pregnant?
Daddy what is a transvestite?
Why don't you ever see an elephant in a tree?
Why do you ask?
What do you call Dubstep on a Mac?
What's the difference between sand and menstrual blood?
What do you call a fish in orbit?
Why is Canada the part of the Illuminati?
Why was the church opposed to fire on torches?
So another way of saying a no-brainer would be…?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
Yo girl, are you a zero APR loan?
Why are muscles poisonous?
What do you call a mexican drug dealer?
What's so fragile that even mentioning it breaks it?
What do disabled people get when there's a fire in the building?
What did the gallon of pasteurized milk say to the other?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What do you call a White Crocodile?
What do you call a dead Australian Wrestler?
Do you why I never excel during a meeting?
What did the cannibal comedian say as he battled through his steak dinner?
What do ladies-of-the-night do when in their garden?
Q:where do you see yourself in 5 years?
What is the difference between a Cat fish and a lawyer?
How many Asians does it take to change a light bulb?
What branch of the military did the hipster join?
Why couldn't Miss Piggy count to 100?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
What is the name of Turkey's most beloved actor?
What did the vegan say when he saw someone familiar?
Racism Test- What do you call a black guy who flies an airplane?
Why did Walmart go out of business in Iraq?
Why are gay men so well dressed?
What did the little cell say to his sister when she stepped on his toe?
Where do people send crazy cigarettes?
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working?
What type of condom does Spock use?
Why did the maniacal chemist drop a rancher into his latest concoction?
How did Kobe Bryant go on his math test?
What do you yell at a Muslim striptease?
What did the Ancient Romans use to cut their hair?
What does a preverted frog say?
What do you call a Roman fighter with curly hair in his teeth?
What do you call a ghost who had a sex change?
What's black and eats pussy?
How did Jack grow his portfolio?
Attack or Retreat?
Did you hear about the Korean who entered the lottery?
What's the difference between Barack Obama and Cecil the lion?
What do frogs say?
what did stevie wonder say when he recieved a cheese grater for Christmas?
Why do girls always walk in groups of odd numbers?
What do the U.S.S. Enterprise and Toilet Paper have in common?
Why are there no walmarts in Iraq?
Want to hear a corny joke??
How many times does a blonde laugh at a joke?
Why did the palm tree win the plant race?
Why can't Redditors lose their virginity?
What's the difference between a potato and a chickpea?
What does a healthy dog and a near-sighted gynecologist have in common?
Do you know what you get when you mix an elephant with a rhino?
What do you call a serial killing cannibal who catches on fire easily?
Did you hear about the pyromaniac who was on the dating website?
What did Putin say to the U.S. and E.U. after invading Ukraine?
Why did Mickey Mouse go to outer space?
Why are dogs such terrible dancers?
What kind of blowjob does a screwdriver give?
What is a teacher's favorite candy?
What was Spider Man's major in college?
What do you call a family of Orthopaedic doctors ?
What do you call a short psychic who's escaped from rehab?
What did the farmer say when the police found the gate from the public footpath in his barn and accused him of stealing?
What do you call a big pile of kittens?
What happens when women have their period?
What brand of car would the Roadrunner be?
What did one lesbian pirate say to the other?
Hamster PickUp Line?
What did Jay-Z call his girlfriend before getting married?
Why do scuba divers fall backwards off of the boat?
Did you hear about the comedian terrorist?
What do Albanian kids want to be when they grow up?
What do you call a cow that can go 3000 feet per second?
How do you catch a runaway laptop?
What do you call a gay man who just got fired?
If a blue man lives in the blue house and a red man lives in the red house, who lives in the white house?
What do you call a bunch of killer whales playing musical instruments?
Wanna hear a joke?
Hey'd you hear about that guy who's half Indian, half Canadian?
Ferguson? What about Fergdudaughter?
Why can't rappers take holidays?
What was a positive accomplishments made by the Nazi party?
What do you call someone who has 6.02 * 10^23 dollars?
What's a vampire's favourite dance?
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, an agnostic, and a dyslexic?
Why do vultures hate flying?
How do you say 50 cents name in Zimbabwe?
What does the devil eat in Japan?
What do you get a man who has everything?
Have you heard about that cop that shot the black guy?
How many of you guys experienced this?
What do you call a Mexican ready-meal?
Which director is Hollywood's darling?
What do you do if you enter a room and a clown is having a stroke?
What did the fry cook do when he found out he was cooking burger patties made of feces?
How often do I make chemistry jokes?
What is the difference between a dead hooker and spare tire?
What do you call a boat full of Karma?
Why is an Alabama divorce like a tornado?
Whats reddits favorite tv show?
What does a dominatrix say when she's late?
It may be illegal to steal kitchen utensils, but what can I say?
Why is golf named "golf"?
Why are there no good jokes about men?
What do you call an unemployed classical musician?
How can you find a blind guy at a nude beach?
Why don't Baptist's have sex standing up?
Why Can't Atheists Solve Exponential Equations?
How does Mike Tyson get smarter?
30 cows, 28 chicken. how many didn't?
What is Bernie Sanders' LEAST favorite band?
In the presidential election, who does the elephant vote for?
What do you call a Russian bovine covered in lichen?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
What do they call a list of athletes in Jamaica?
What can you say about a car and not a girl/your gf?
What is the most dishonest fish in the ocean?
How is a woman like a condom?
If a midget smokes weed, does he get high or medium?
What are Alphabet employees gonna be called?
Why don't you buy Ukrainian underwear?
A recent study showed that 8 out of 10 guys jerk off while in the shower, the remaining 2 sing while they are showering... And they sing a particular song too, do you know what song they sing?
Why are Saturday and Sunday strong?
What does an agnostic man with insomnia and dyslexia do in his free time?
what do you call an asian supply warehouse party?
What is a whale's favorite song?
What is a priest's favorite candy?
What's the difference between a sharply dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle?
What do you call a black priest?
Why are indecisive miners the worst?
How many Latvians does it take to screw a lightbulb?
What do you call a handjob from a midget?
What would happen if all of the mass in the universe turned into energy?
Why Beyonce?
What is the KKK's favorite soup?
How are Asians and Smart Cars similar?
How many polacks does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
Why do mathematicians never have to pay for sex?
Have you heard the rumor about butter?
Why did the spy stay in bed?
What do you call a little girl who's very close to her dog?
What do the Japanese call a large apartment?
Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
What part of a chicken is a musical instrument?
What do you call it when a bunch of deer have an intervention for one of their friends?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom?
Who likes wet cock and hates soggy cereal?
Why did so many black people die in Vietnam?
Why can't Mexico beat the US in the Olympics?
What kind of sex do you have twentyseven year olds?
How does a neckbeard neurologist address a Hispanic midwife who can't quit her job?
Can you help me write this joke?
Why is it that when a woman sleeps with a bunch of men, she is a slut?
A mexican and a black guy are in a car, who is driving?
Where do male army priests live?
Why did the fish cross the ocean?
Remember the old times in the Internet?
Why is a giraffes neck so long?
Do you know what the problem with toilets is?
Where do astronauts leave their spacecraft?
How can you tell if you have a high sperm-count?
What does a dyslexic agnostic wonder about?
What does Johnny Depp say when cutting down trees?
Why don't you ever see three mexicans crossing the border at the same time?
What is Steve Job's favorite food?
Why did the cz-75 get the girl pregnant?
Anyone remember this from the Austin Powers commercial?
What is a Detective's favourite pastry?
Do you have a small 2$ to spare?
Why does society think less of a man when he strikes a woman instead of sparing them?
What did the pirate say when he became an octogenarian?
What do you call a person who thinks every day is Halloween?
Can I man and a woman have sex while running?
What happens after an alligator commits a crime?
If you dress in cowboy clothes does that mean you're ranch dressing?
What's Sideshow Bobs least favorite creepypasta?
What did the Mexican wife say to her Husband?
What's the difference between a Mexican and a park Bench?
I'm sorry your what eyes?
How does Dwayne Johnson Party?
Have you heard about the recent discovery about that moon of Jupiter?
Who had the best dinner with Megyn Kelly after the Fox Republican Debate?
Did you hear the one about the woman with a breast implant made of wood?
How are an armless man at a buffet and a kleptomaniac the same?
Where did little Sarah go after the bombings?
Did you hear about the Knock-knock joke champion?
Whats the differance between a terrorist and a yiddish mama?
Did you hear about the blonde identical twins?
What's the difference between a Mexican and a bench?
What does a cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow-woman?
Why don't they call the Batman film "The White Knight" instead of "The Dark Knight"?
Why are fishermen so good at geometry?
Why did Vietnam revolt against the French?
What do you call a prehistoric humanoid who likes to take his time?
What does Donald Trump call a hundred dollar bill?
What did the blind man say when he sipped a frozen drink and was cured?
What do you call a Death Sentence for a Movie Theater Shooting?
What kind of haircut does the black judge have?
What do you call the act of turning over in bed to switch from the missionary position to doggy style?
You know why i hate MCU Thanos?
Did you hear about the Psychic midget that escaped prison?
What's a dish best served cold?
Whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
How does a solar system have a party?
Why does Donald Trump and illegal Mexicans have in Common?
What does Batman ask when he enters a butcher shop?
How are babies different from feminists ?
What did one orphan say to the other?
What kind of pastry do you need a thesaurus to eat?
What's it called when two morticians argue for hours on who gets to bang a corpse?
What do you call a person who teaches about Drones?
When you're cold inside, where do you stand?
What is a germans favorite passtime at a concert?
Whats Wolverine's favorite genre of music?
What do they always forget to do after filming a season of Game of Thrones?
Who wins between a black guy and a fencing champion?
Where's the middle of nowhere?
How do you describe Catwoman in one word?
What does a little sister ride?
I work as a guide at a zoo. What's your favourite animal joke?
What's the worst part about breaking up with a Japanese Girl?
What happened to his girlfriend?
Why did the Native American curse the snow?
Why do college girls only hang out in odd numbers?
Why can't you wear shorts in the Ukraine?
How do feminists get away with murder?
How do you circumcise a redneck?
why is there no windows 9?
What does Donald Trump tell Barack Obama supporters?
What do a marriage and superglue have in common?
What do they call a whore's fart?
Have you heard about the jewish comedian?
Why did the angles have such high self esteem?
How many koalas does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many "friend zoned" guys does it take to change a lightbulb?
What does the fat cow give you?
What does all Audi owners have in common?
When does Ronald McDonald's baby sleep?
What do we want? Low flying plane noises! when do we want em?
What is cock soup?
Tell me Jeeves, are lemons tweeting?
What country's citizens are most affected by global warming?
What do they call grits up north?
What would the headline read if an average redditor were killed by a venemous spider bite?
What's an alcoholic's favourite type of Maths?
What does the torch represent in the hand of the Statue of Liberty?
What do you call a fish who went to medical school?
What do you call a fat Irish family?
How were people born ?
What do you call a Mexican that's lost his car?
What do you call a fat guy with an unhealthy interest in his mother?
What does a wife and a tornado have in common?
How do you call a black man in space?
Hey babe, are you a Sasquatch?
What do you call a promiscuous woman who travels a lot?
How do bored cows sound like?
Would you like to hear a joke?
Boy scout: Sir, I found a snake, is it poisonous?
What do Mexican midgets use to cut pizza?
What was the beef doing as he watched the salad dressing?
What's the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew?
How many Jews can you fit in a car?
Why does it go from Windows 8 to 10?
What kind of overalls does Mario wear?
What do girls and noodles have in common?
What do you call a group of very traditional orthopedic surgeons?
Why are so many gay rights activists mechanics?
What do you call the 12 step program for people who talk too much?
What's a lesbian's favorite game?
What do you call a Black Jew?
What's the difference between what Bill Cosby did and rape?
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's wife lately?
What do you call a computer that sings?
What happens when you throw a green rock into the Red Sea?
Did you hear that Donald Trump's wife doesn't want him to run for president?
What happens on the first date with Bill Cosby?
Whats the fastest way to a women's heart?
How do you call a beautiful feminist?
Where do Polar Bears keep their money?
what is worse than locking your keys in your car parked at planned parent hood?
Did you hear about the chicken who liked classical music?
What is Hitler's least favorite letter?
Have you heard about corduroy pillows?
What do you call a starting indie dev?
What's the difference between a puppy and a kernel of corn?
Why do white girls like odd numbers?
What did the pirate say when he saw the dank meme?
What do you call someone who hates cold weather?
Did you hear about the overweight introvert who thought he had won the hot dog eating contest?
Why did the whale cross the road?
What did transferred epithet tell hyperbole?
Why did Johnny drop his ice cream?
Do you remember that time you met Bill Cosby?
What's the difference between a large pizza and a bass guitarist?
What is the name of Woody Woodpecker's girlfriend?
You know what I don't get?
What do you call a group of kangaroos?
[REQUEST] Jokes about tall people ?
Why was President Banana of Zimbabwe elected?
What do you call an anorexic girl with a yeast infection?
Why do orphans like playing tennis?
What do you do if you get bit by something poisonous?
What's the definition of a great farmer?
Why did Sally drop her ice cream while crossing the street?
What did the test tube baby ask its father?
What's brown, dirty, and sticky?
What's the last thing a Tickle-Me Elmo gets before leaving the factory?
What kind of person are you if you open the door from the bottom of the door?
What do you call two men hanging from a window sill?
What do you call a black person flying a plane?
why are grills so hot?
How did the constipated mathematician solve his problem?
What's red and smells like yellow paint?
What's the difference between anal sex and oral sex?
You know what a Rhetorical Joke is?
What's square-shaped and yellow?
What does a clock do when it's hungry?
What did one orphan say to the other?
Why do priests have lots of kids?
What does it sound like when two churches fight?
Why does the internet always mourn the death of politicians?
What did the man with five penises say?
What is the thinnest book in the world?
What do you give a losing horse with lockjaw?
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple?
What's the difference between dog food and a hot dog?
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
Why do Jewish men get circumcised?
Why can't you see elephants hiding in trees?
What's the first thing a redneck buys when going to a family reunion?
What do you call a Grizzly Bear with no teeth?
Why was the farmer disappointed when he tried to marry his prized melon?
What's the difference between a doctor and a chair salesman?
What's a dog's favorite chip?
What's the Difference Between Roast Beef and Pea Soup?
What are cats favorite Internet Service provider?
What do you call a vegan zombie?
What do you call a girl with braces?
Did you hear the one about the constipated mathematician?
What time did the man go to the dentist?
Why did the otter want to work at NASA?
What's blue and doesn't fit anymore?
Who is a KKK members favorite superhero?
What do you call a cup with a Confederate flag on it?
What do you call that gnarly smell around cow pastures?
What do you call a superhero-duo run over by a steam roller?
Why doesn't Ed have a girlfriend?
What do you call it when Oxygen and Nitrogen train at the gym together?
What does idk stand for?
How do you package a 21st century classical jazz singer?
Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl go to the toilet?
How many theoretical physicists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why did microsoft go straight to windows 10 ?
Is it considered sexual assault to masturbate while cyber bullying?
Has anyone had a glass of F5 lately?
How do you spot a egocentric vocalist?
You know they say the same thing about Bill Cosby and Mexico?
What do, you call a handicapped person with a, vasectomy?
How does an Alcoholic teach the ABC's to their children?
Why do black people have white palms?
Whats wrong with four black people in a Cadillac driving off a cliff?
What did the duck say to the cashier after she purchased some lipstick?
What do you call a fisherman who could bait a hook blindfolded, upside down with one hand tied behind his back?
Why did microsoft go directly to windows 10?
Did you see the joke written on recycled paper?
What is the difference between a wife and a parasite?
Why do software developers make the best relationship partners?
How did Arnie convince his wife to move in with him?
How does a feminist screw in a light bulb?
Why did the pig quit running the the marathon?
What kind of gas supports violence?
Why don't rabbits make any noise when they have sex?
What's better than roses on your piano?
What reddit page has that link/picture you're looking for?
How does a Jew make beer?
What is faster? Hot or Cold?
The worst part about being told you have Alzheimer's?
What's the difference between outlaws and in-laws ?
Who's a Dinosaurs least favorite reindeer?
Did you hear what the ridiculous fraction ordered for lunch?
Have you ever seen Gregor Clegane fight?
Hypochondria?
What do you call traffic in The Czech Republic?
What's 12 inches long and snaps a cunt?
why was 6 afraid of 7?
So, did you hear about the first monkey to be allowed to vote?
What is worse than blacking out after a crazy night and losing money?
Have you heard of the band 1023 Megabytes?
Have you ever eat a clock?
What is Donald Trump's Favorite Sport?
What do you call memories of old Playstation?
What's heavier, 200 pounds of bricks or 200 pounds of feathers?
how many chefs does it take to change a,light bulb ?
What did the Cherokee-Polish couple name their firstborn?
How does a feminist screw in a light bulb?
What do you call a tea knight?
Why is pound cake called pound cake?
Where will you find the most powerful man in Los Angeles?
Did you hear about the guy that died of a Viagra overdose?
What is the most fascist letter?
Hear about the guy that built a car out of a bank vault?
(Best New Pick Up Line) How much does a polar bear weigh?
What do they call cunnilingis in India?
What do amputees and cricket have in common?
Have you ever tried to eat a clock?
What do you call a bee that gets engaged?
What's heavier, 200 pounds of bricks, or 200 pounds of feathers?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
Did you hear about the hunting rule change?
What do you get if you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic?
Why don't blind people go bungee jumping?
What's a traffic cop's favorite kind of sweater?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What's bad about being a Black Jew?
How do dentists like their eggs?
Why was the Dark Age dark?
Did you hear about the recent earthquake research?
What do you get if you share your Earbuds with all your friends?
What is Minion's favourite brand?
Did you hear about the constipated math teacher?
What instrument does Mother Earth play?
Why do women have legs?
What's another name for a necrophile?
Have you heard of the film constipation?
How many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs?
What happened to the cow who jumped over the barb wire fence?
Where does a race on the Swedish border end at?
How do you brainwash a liberal?
What's the difference between rubber balls and steel balls?
How do you throw a party in space?
What do you call the useless bit of skin at the end of a penis?
Why did the termite got divorced?
Where does Napoleon keep his armies?
What did the pirate say when his wooden leg got stuck in the freezer?
What's the most sought after ball in Biopsy Bingo?
Why can't melons get married?
What's worse than ants in your pants?
Why was the pencil teacher always confused?
Did you hear about the Italian chef who died?
What has two legs and bleeds?
You prefer white wine over red?
what do you call a sad ditch?
How did the police determine which turtle ate the diamond ring?
What's blonde and intelligent?
What do you call a Mexican midget?
Why do women wear panties with flowers on them?
What did the ill kitty say to the playful puppy?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
What do you call data on a Pediatricians computer?
What did 0 say to 8?
What is Titus Pullo's Sandal Size?
Why did the ghost go to jail?
What's the difference between a knife and a feminist?
Did you hear about the Chinese military general who deserted his position during a time of war?
How many redditors does it take to change a lightbulb?
Have you heard of the man from DeMizes?
[begin metajoke]When God made trees with leaves, all the angels were worried: would God tell them it was their job to cut all the leaves off every Fall ?
How do you know if a hippo is in your oven?
Why does a honeymoon only last 7 days?
What's the difference between an onion and a prostitute ?
What sound does a baby make when you put it in a microwave?
How did the detective know the Necrophile Killer was a hipster?
[Serious] Have any animals besides humans been shown to exhibit humor in their social interactions?
What did Lewis and Clark only have one sack of on their expedition?
Why are lawyers buried 18 feet deep when they die?
What is Bruce Jenner's nephew's favorite movie?
You know what Schwarzenegger is up to these days?
whats the difference between a woman and a computer?
What do a walrus and Tupperware have in common?
What do you call a sheep giving birth in a bedroom?
What kind of jeans do Mario and Luigi wear?
What do you call a mushroom who strongly believes in radical Islamism?
What do Sting and a prostitute have in common?
How does Walter Palmer like his eggs?
What are goosebumps for?
Why did we skip windows 9?
What's the difference between eating pussy and eating apple pie?
Did you hear about the grizzly who didn't like his daughter wearing a crop top?
What did one tampon say to the other tampon?
What comes after huehuehue?
What's the best time to go to the dentist?
Mirror mirror on the wall, what is the fairest element of them all?
What's the difference between a lawyer and God?
How do you know when a politician is lying?
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino?
What do you call a white girl who can run faster than her brothers?
When's a dentist's favorite time?
Did you hear about the 2 guys that stole the calendar?
What's the difference between a dentist and Jimmy Savile?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
How many figures does a stripper make?
What did Yoda say after returning to coach a rugby team that had never scored, only to find his efforts were in vain?
What's the difference between an old cat and a little kitten?
Where can you go to fill all of your rhino related needs?
What is the difference between sack of dead babys and ferrari ?
What to Bill Cosby and Peter Pan have in common?
What is Helen Keller's favorite color?
Why don't blind people skydive?
Why do they run the credits at the beginning of Game of Thrones?
what do you call a girl on a swing with no arms?
Why did they skip Windows 9?
What u call a Jewish Asian?
What do you call a poor photographer who works for a tabloid?
What did the zoophile scientist say to his assistant?
What disease causes people to swear at the dinner table?
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you?
What do you call a nun on the run?
What do you call a bee that produces milk?
How do you turn fruits into vegetables?
What soft drink did Hitler ban during WWII?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Why was the Amish girl excommunicated?
How do you make a woman scream?
What shoes do pedophiles wear?
What did the pirate say to the flying prostitute?
How do you get a baby out of a blender?
What's the difference between a man who owns a gun and a man who owns a bank?
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
What do you say when you friendzone a brony?
Why don't dwarfs smoke pipe weed?
What do tasty weiner's and attractive bitches have in common?
What is a Coronal Mass Ejection?
What do sex and air have in common?
What is yellow and cant swim?
Why was the Mathematician frowned upon?
Did you hear about the Chinese Chef who broke out of jail?
What is white and disturbs your breakfast?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
Why do rappers love weed so much?
How many people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why is it called Justice League of America?
What's white and smells like black paint?
What does a redneck do when he misses his girlfriend?
How often do I tell chemistry jokes?
Did you know lotr could have come out a lot earlier?
How big of a difference is there between the male and female reproductive system?
What Did Superman Tell Superwoman?
How do you get 20 Jews in a car?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
Why was 10 afraid of 7?
Possessed by a demon? Need help?
Scientists say they are working on bringing back the wholly mammoth. But at what cost?
What's a Muslims favourite animal?
Who reads the news AND makes coffee?
Damn girl are you playboy magazine?
How do Harry Potter fans flirt?
Don't you hate it when people answer their own questions?
What do you call a security guard in a jumping castle?
Thoughts on "The Hunt for Red October"?
What did the Ocean say to the Beach?
My dog has no nose. How does it smell?
Why is there no gambling in Africa?
Why did the bear eat his own arms?
What's Thom Yorke's reddit?
You know what sucks about being an agnostic dyslexic insomniac?
What do you call a joke without a punchline?
What's an elephant's most sexual organ?
What do you call a Muslim standing between two buildings?
What do Rick Astley and a loyal partner in crime have in common?
What's the difference between a black and a white fairytale?
What's Ronald Reagan's favorite vegetable?
Who's your favorite comedian?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
What do you call it when a ninja keeps something to himself?
What did the CN tower say to the clouds???
What do you call a ring of iron atoms?
Did you hear about the baby that was born in a high tech. hospital?
What's an epileptic persons favorite appetizer?
What is the Islamic State's favourite frozen dessert?
How do you think the unthinkable?
What's so difficult about being a camera man in the porn industry?
What do warm toilet seats and pussy have in common?
Heard a great black joke today. Have you guys heard the one about the honest hard working black guy?
How do they call women that don't suck dick?
What is a great way to baby-proof a house?
How did Moses make his tea in the morning?
Howdeepisthepool?
What is a difference between acne and a catholic priest?
What fabric is Mario's overalls?
What's a poops favorite color?
Who is the funniest American politician?
What do you call a fragile camera?
Why did the blonde move to California?
Whats the difference between a diamond player and a master player in League of Legends?
What did the Jihad name his concession stand?
Which is the best side of a banana to eat?
Why does Trump hate McCain so much?
What is the biggest plot twist in spanish soap operas?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
Pepsi?
What is the difference between a fridge and a pussy?
How can you tell when a girl is vegan?
Why don't kleptomaniacs get jokes?
Why did the Turkey cross the road?
What's better than roses on a piano?
What's the difference between Adolf Hitler and Usain Bolt?
Why do push up bras not work for some girls?
What do you call it when someone is mistaken about you having a penis?
How can you tell if someone is an entrepreneur?
What do you call a disaster that only affected shopping malls?
What's E.T short for?
Why should you never stand behind Elsa from Frozen?
Why were all the numbers afraid of 7?
Where do French lawyers like to relax?
Knock-knock. Who's there?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What is the most searched word on Bing?
An Year without Toilet?
What is green and smells like paint?!?
A Spaniard, an Irish man, and a Greek go into a brothel. Who pays?
What do you call a snail on a ship?
Why didn't Thor like the party?
What do you call a fight between an Illegal Immigrant and a Pedophile?
What do you call a self absorbed lobster?
What do you call it when a man is given an order to take another man out lunch?
[Racist] So a black guy and a Mexican fall out of a tree. Who hits the ground first?
Why was the high schooler in the gun store?
If you'd throw an egg on a concrete floor, ...?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
What do you call it when the robot from Futurama gets in a minor car accident while wearing a dress?
Why are dogs and engineers alike ?
Why did the dog scratch itself against the tree?
Why do cows have bells?
What's best about hiring an immigrant midget?
All these what?
What did president Obamas father say when he was born?
What do you call a dog with no legs and brass balls?
Why was Betty Boop never attracted to Mickey Mouse?
What is white and interferes with the meal?
Did you guys hear about that actress who stabbed her waiter with her fork?
What's the difference between rock and jazz?
What's the difference between herpes and friends?
Do you like this hotel?
Why did the car swerve off the road?
Hey, do you like wind?
After the man was named bishop by the church, what was his next move?
Why don't shrimp donate to charities?
Why did Bill Cosby go to the gynecologist?
Where do homeless accountants live?
Remember that AMA guy whose mother slept with him because he had broken his arms?
How do you start a rave in Ethopia???
Why did Sarah fall of the swing ?
What's green and has wheels?
What do you get when a basketball player gets a lung infection?
Why did the personal trainer break up with his girlfriend?
the average man takes just over 6 minutes to cum during sex, do you know how long it takes a woman?
What do you call a Mongol with an infectious skin disease?
What do you call an NBA Superstar who's first job was stocking milk?
Why do women only use putters while playing golf?
What do you call a stylish molecule?
What do you get if you turn an evil laugh backwards?
What do you call a chameleon that doesn't change color?
How did Harry Potter get down the hill...?
Would you rather have a threesome or dinner with your parents?
What do you call a horny man ghost hunting?
What did the astronaut say to the other when he pressed the wrong button?
What's the difference between a chair and an asshole?
Whats the greediest nut?
What did the Mexican fireman name his children?
What did the dog say after stepping off a sailboat?
How is a woman like a bar?
What do you call a black woman who flies a plane?
What weighs more a pound of bricks or a pound of feathers?
What do comic book collectors use in their hair?
Avocado or Donald Trump?
What did the pints say upon landing on Planet Metric?
Why did God have no sense of humor when putting the planets in order?
How do jews get around town?
Why are aspirins white?
What does Julius Ceasar say after sex?
Why Is A Man's Mind Dirtier Than A Woman's?
Why don't women run fast??
What's the difference between a BJ and reddit gold?
What do you call a group of chickens dressed up like crows?
What did the Muslim Sonic say?
What does a German say when you finally explain a funny meme to him?
What's a man's definition of safe sex?
What do you call a Chinese pilot?
Why do Americans spell colour as color?
Why didn't Helen Keller scream when she fell off the cliff?
What do you call a wandering cave man?
What did the banker say to the tongue when he rejected his loan application?
what type of swimming does a paedophile like?
How do I know you're not John Cena?
What is a pirate's favorite letter?
Bad Joke?
What's the best part of an ISIS joke?
What's worse than a fish in the SS?
How did the blind kid burn the side of his face?
Ever hear the joke about the 3 Irish guys who left the pub?
How long does it take for a White woman to take a crap?
What do you call an epileptic giving someone a pat-down?
How about that airline food?
A Mexican and a black guy are in the back of a car. Who is driving?
If H20 is on the inside of fire hydrants, what is on the outside?
Wanna hear a stupid joke?
What did Jaws call his solo banking firm?
Why one's dick can be only 11 inches long?
Why shouldn't you ever take directions from a Nazi?
Why is a roach clip called a roach clip?
What do a woman and a toilet seat have in common?
Why did the Baker have brown hands?
Why do you want your lawyer to be a U2 fan?
What does an agnostic, dyslexic insomniac spend his time doing?
knock knock......... who's there??
How does Moses make his tea?
What's the difference between a duck?
Why couldn't the two melons go to Las Vegas for their wedding?
What mammal dies after it mates?
What's the worst gift to give to an anti-vaxxer?
Who is the drummer for the Mexican Beatles?
Does the KKK still exist?
How do you organize a space party?
What do you call a jelly bear that died and came back?
How do you make a hormone?
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb?
ELI5: What does ELI5 mean?
What was the blacksmith's slogan?
Did you know Kim Khardashian's dad was a member of OJ Simpsons legal team?
Why is the mushroom so happy ?
Why is peter pan always flying?
What do you call a lesbian chicken?
What has four legs, barks excitedly when you come home and has six cold beers stored, so you can grab one and chill on the couch after work?
What does a hippie say when he runs out of weed?
What did the bra say to the hat?
What did one shark say to the other?
If you're American in the Living Room, what are you in the Bathroom?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Why are rapists terrible at academics?
What did the doctor say to the strange beer that walked into his clinic?
Why is Jay-Z allowed to ride in the carpool lane by himself?
How do you find Will Smith in a snow storm?
Why don't women parachute naked?
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination?
Why are monkeys such great friends?
What did the salmon say to his shy Japanese girlfriend?
Did you hear about the gardener that had an aneurysm?
Why did little timmy fall off his bike?
What is worse than finding a worm in your apple?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
Why had the two algae never had sex?
what is the stupidest animal in the jungle?
did you hear about the freak birth at chernobil?
Why do they refer to network ports as female?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How did Helen Keller lose her arm?
What do fat people wipe their butts with?
Why was the midget fired from his job?
What's the difference between a pizza and a Jew?
What was the last thing that went through the hostages head?
What did Dracula say to Frankenstein ?!?
Why does the alphabet like to piss on the periodic table?
What sucks about being an egg?
Do you know why Santa only work on the 25th of December?
Why are elephants big and grey?
What does a Texan do if he breaks up with his girl friend?
What did batman say too robin before they got in the car?
What do selfies make me want to do?
What's the difference between Einstein and Kim Kardashian?
Why did the doe give the faun an umbrella?
What does a pig put on it's nose for a sunburn?
What does it take to have a Beatles reunion?
Exam question: According to Germany how much is Greece worth?
What do you call it when you grind your teeth because you are bugged you forgot your dental floss?
What is the definision of mixed feelings?
What's the difference between a skeptic and a conspiracy theorist?
Why are Mumford & Sons the only agnostic rock band?
What did the black kid say to his mom when he had diarrhea?
Whats the best thing about dating a Cleveland Cavaliers fan?
What did the sea say to the river?
What's similar between a 9v battery and an asshole?
What do you call a gathering of Arthur's Knights?
How do you kill a 1 legged fox?
What is ISIS' favourite OS?
Why is Ariana Grande called Ariana Grande?
What do you call a bird that drunkenly conveys a compelling perspective on racial hatred?
How much room is needed for fungi to grow?
What's the best thing about a penis?
Why was Joan of Arc never good in debates?
What do you call a Mexican cutting a Mobius Strip??
Why do women wear panties with flowers on them?
What's the hardest part about roller blading?
Why can't black people swim?
What's Gandalf's favorite band?
What do you call a black man on the moon?
What did Reddit almost change their name to during the Victoria controversy?
Why was the lumberjack executed?
How's your day been?
What's the difference between a retard and a baby?
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor?
Have you heard about these new super-sensitive condoms?
Did you know Stevie Wonder got a cheese grater for christmas?
Why did the Germans bail the Greeks out?
How do you pick up Mexican Girls?
Why was the waffle jealous of the pancake?
Why did the guy get an erection when he saw a ruler?
What happens when Jack is angry with his beans?
How does a psychiatrist like his sausages?
What do you call a group of bankers?
How does a Facebook employee greet each other?
Why are there fences around graveyards/cemeteries?
What type of fossil fuel likes to tell dick jokes?
Why isn't there a Windows 9?
What do a walrus and a Tupperware container have in common?
What do you get if you cross Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Phillip?
What's the difference between a black man and Batman?
How does NASA organise a party?
Why is a duck when it's round?
You hear some creature making noises in the distance. "Quick! Quick! Quick, quick, quick!" you hear it exclaim. What kind of beast is it you hear?
Why did the man have to sell his hospice?
Have you heard of the new Xman?
Timothy's mom has three children. The first one's name is April. The second one's name is June. What is the third child's name?
What is Donald Trump's favorite flavor of ice cream?
Why wasn't there a Captain America movie tie in videogame?
How much room is needed for fungi to grow?
What happens when a neckbeard takes drugs?
Who's the only person known to have had sex with OP's mom?
What is the capital of Greece?
Why did the blonde pull the dildo out before she came?
What's a gambler's favorite time of day?
What are some of your favorite Math (or Science) jokes?
What do you call a bee that lives in America?
Anyone know the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer?
Grandma, how old are you?
Why are there so many jumpshots in the WNBA?
What do you say when German secret police is bugging you?
How much is your dick worth?
Wanna hear something really disappointing?
What do you call a magic door?
Which star do the dinosaurs like best?
What does Elvis say when he gets an infection that standard antibiotics can't treat?
What do you call a German taking a shower?
How does one enter a brothel in Westeros?
What's a trees favorite drink?
What do you call the ghost of a chicken?
Why did the semen cross the road?
How do you keep water warn in the winter?
What does a bunny do to a bank?
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs, who can swim the English Channel?
What do you call graveyard shenanigans?
What's the difference between Reddit and Voat?
How many moths does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why did hitler commit suicide?
Hear about that guy who was so desperate for accolades that he framed his parking citation?
What did the abacus say to the adding machine?
What did the lumberjack say to the trees?
Why did the angry Jedi cross the road?
Is your dad retarded?
What do religion and a penis have in common?
What does a rotting corpse say?
What do a married guy and a single guy have in common?
What does your wife/girlfriend want more than anything in the world?
What do you call a crowd-sourced internet database for turntables?
Did you want to row or paddle?
What did Father Buffalo say to Child Buffalo as he left for school?
Why was the tomato blushing?
What do you call a marine who can't swim?
Is it getting solipsistic in here, or is it just me?
Why doesn't a rooster wear underwear?
Why your fingers have spaces in between?
What do you say to a Jedi who stole your sicilian dessert?
What do you call a pedophile musician?
Why did the scarecrow win the Nobel prize?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
What's worse than a worm in your apple?
How many kids with ADHD does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Which type of bees make milk?
Why did the pig avoid the cooking class?
What do they call American Liberty in Israel?
What did the pirate say when he turned 81?
Is it solipsistic in here or is it just me?
What do you call a bra that tightens the more you try to take it off?
What does an identity thief look like?
What do you call an owl that does magic?
What's the capital of Zimbabwe?
What do you get when you wear wool socks in a tortilla chip factory?
Why are pirates funny?
What do you call soap for your ass-hole?
What sound does a horny toad make?
Why did the geologist's wife leave him?
Any recommendations for a new chiropractor?
Why does everyone hate their elder brother?
What street in Paris is well-known for its transvestite community?
What do you call someone who has ancestry back to China but is a 2nd generation US citizen and is a professional bodybuilder?
What do you call a relationship that never works out between guitarists?
What is another name for a Jewish guest?
Why did the Chicken Cross The Road?
What's Sauron's favorite soft drink?
How can you tell a mechanic recently had sex?
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants?
Did you know the pope really loves cats?
What do you call an expert on fishing hooks and lures?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
What's the best blood type?
Why did the cheeseburger fight the veggie burger?
What type of food do firefly's love to eat?
Why don't vultures eat at restaurants?
What did one coconut say to the other?
How did "El Chapo" escape prison?
You know what really gets my goat?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
You heard about Pluto?
What is it called when you ride around on a horse asking people questions?
Did you hear about the nudists that attempted to forcefully take over a local beach?
What does a Knight do at night?
How do you make someone holy?
What do you call a fat model?
What's the answer for question #2?
You know why it's so difficult to put together a baseball team of egotists?
What do you call a Muslim slug?
Why did the dog fail his driving test?
What is the largest moth the world has ever seen?
What did Louis say to Clark?
how are bi planes different from regular planes?
Why should Donald Trump be grateful to Mexicans?
What do you call a dark or melancholy verse of text?
What was the first thing the emcee said at the pornography convention?
Why should you always bring charmander along when camping?
What do you call a country ruled by dank memes?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
Why did the marble countertop leave the kitchen?
What do you call two chinese guys in a firebird?
What is big and hard when you put it in your mouth and small and soft when you take it out?
There were many docks along the seashore, but one of them couldn't handle itself and collapsed. Why?
Did you see the new clock porno?
Did you hear about the fire at the convent?
Where do otters come from?
Why did the Anti vaccinator leave the solar system?
"I am" is reportedly the shortest sentence in the English language. Could it be that "I do" is the longest sentence?
Why did the lawyer refuse to take payment when defending the lead singer of U2?
Why was the drug dealer late?
What was Batman's greatest accomplishment?
What's black and does not work?
What do you call a group of eight cowards?
What has 9 letters and makes everyone mad?
Why Was The Canvas Maker Late Home From Work?
Why do high school girls always travel in odd numbers?
Why is there no point in sending medicine to Athiopia?
Two black men jumped off the building. Who reached the ground first?
What do you call a gay date mixer?
how do you start a rave in Ethiopia?
Why did the boy die when a car ran over his finger?
How many of my fellow Germans does it take to change a lightbulb?
What does the mafia and a girls pussy have in common?
What did one stegosaurus say to the other stegosaurus?
Did they ever identify that unknown female deer crime victim?
What do you call the chicken between the chicken thigh and the chicken wing?
What do nosy peppers do?
Q: Why are all black people fast?
What is the loneliest bayou in Louisiana?
What does Rolf Harris like to play with on the piano?
Who was the best boxer of all time?
What do you call the people that always are around musicians?
What kind of overalls does Mario wear?
What do you call a cool bear?
Whats the difference between a kink and a fetish?
Why does the sky cry sometimes?
Did you hear the one about the man who panicked when his friend started to drown?
What's the smartest kind of blonde?
How many rapists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the highest rated hotel in the world?
What's the difference between Amazon Prime and the Amazon River?
What is Josh Duggars favorite thing about 19 year olds?
How many billionaires does it take to make a superhero?
What did one orphan say to the other?
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
What is the smartest fruit?
Did you know cats can jump higher than houses?
What are Mario's overalls made of?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
What did the lawyer say to the other lawyer?
How do Mexicans cut their pizza?
Who killed the Corn Flake?
Why does Dr. Pepper come in bottles?
On a scale of 1-10 how retarded do you think we, as humans, are?
What's pink and sits on a piano chair?
What happens when you get more than you payed for with a Mexican Gigolo?
During the '72 World Series, who took the most balls to the face?
What side of a chicken has the most feathers?
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bunji cord?
What is the hardest part of eating a vegetable ?
How do astronauts say they're sorry?
What do you call a Mormon who switches religion?
Two tampons are walking down the street. One is a name brand, and the other is generic. Which one talks to you first?
what kind of pants does a monkey wear?
What is the ideal weight of a lawyer?
What do you call a 5 year old with no friends?
Who got only one visitor his entire life, got banished from the family and still lurks around with hope?
Which kid?
What is red and bad for your teeth?
You hear about the guy they caught masturbating in the Law Library stacks?
What do you call it when you jerk off in the bath?
Why did Ayn Rand lose the pool tournament?
Did you hear the story of the Rabbi who lifted his synagogue into the air with a bunch of balloons?
Have you seen the news about the Seamus Costello Celebrity sex tape?
Why is six afraid of seven?
What did they tell the most famous child actress from the 30's when she tried to audition for a role in Harry Potter?
Why is there no scope for dealers/middle men in the field of extractive metallurgy?
How much room is needed for fungi to grow?
Did you hear about the guy who died of a Viagra overdose?
What's the best part about having a deaf child?
What do you call a dog that goes to the beach?
Why did the pervert cross the road?
What do you call a divorced FBI agent?
What was Ryu's response when someone asked if they could have his autograph?
What is the difference between a 5 and a 2?
So tell me, what do you think of the rectum as a whole?
What's the worst thing about Michael Jackson teaching your kindergarten class?
What's your favourite food if you hate Microsoft Word?
What kind of bees produce milk?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
What does the alchemist do to please his girlfriend?
What is a rednecks favorite pie during the holidays?
Hear about all those Japanese people killing dolphins?
What happened when the mexicans wife passed out on a hot day?
What Do You Call A Winery In Alabama?
What do you call rude fungi?
What did the mexican do when he lost his car in the parking lot?
Why did Harry Potter's friends pick him up and pass him around on his birthday?
Did you hear the Bill Clinton has given up the saxophone?
What do you call a wandering caveman?
What does a subatomic duck say?
Why are lilypads round?
Why should you never date a tennis player?
What do you call an elf singer?
What gas is best dressed at a dinner party?
What do you call a very cold vodka?
Did a T Rex have two copies of each chromosome?
What would be the best color to make a joke about?
you know what really turns on a nerd?
What's 50 Cent's new name?
What's China's national colour?
How can you tell if you're racist?
Why are so many guys mean to their girl friends ?
What is the difference between a generalist and a specialist?
Why did the rapper scream into his Easter basket?
Why did Sally fall off the swing?
What did the Russian people light their houses with before they started using candles?
What did tie say to the hat?
What does a redneck do after she bangs her second cousin?
What receives a man's first blowjob?
What is that thing, which the maker cannot use, and the user cannot see?
Wana hear a Canadian joke?
What does a tech geek say when they're taking a shit?
Why can't Bane play baseball?
What was the ambulance saying when they were carrying Satoru Iwata?
What's the best part about dating a Patriots fan?
Why do thieves have such a hard time understanding sarcasm?
What's a redneck's favorite dating website?
How many feminists does it take to screw a vegan?
What's the Russian word for Internet outage?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What's the worst thing to say to an anorexic person?
Worst part about a dead puppy?
How did Ian Fleming become so wealthy?
Mom, why am I dark if my father's skin is alabaster and yours is too?
What do you call a Canadian in outer space?
How do you get banned from a subreddit without breaking the rules?
How can you tell if a picture was taken with a GoPro?
What's the difference between Mexicans and Jesus?
What do a pornstar and Godzilla have in common?
Why wasn't the aeroplane invented in China?
You think das ist a long time?
What did they say when they forgot to embalm Satoru Iwata?
Do dogs know about light switches?
How do you know you are sitting next to a ski instructor?
Why do women wear makeup and perfume?
Why did Jesus curse the fig tree?
What did one businessmen voyeur say to the other?
Whit's the differ atween a rich Scotsman, a puir Scotsman, an a deid Scotsman?
What do you call a door only prostitutes use ?
Why do Jewish men have to be Circumcised?
What is E.T short for?
Why did Kobe Bryant go to New Jersey after he got arrested?
How many confederate flag bearing husbands does it take to beat up their wives?
Have you heard the tagline for the new Ghostbusters movie?
Why is the letter 'B' commonly regarded as a pervert in the alphabet?
Why don't jokes in base 8 work?
How do mute people tell each others secrets?
Wasn't gay marriage always legal?
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and pimples?
The most racist joke in the world:You drop a wallet containing $3.75 in a supermarket filled with Jews. How long do you have before one of them snags it?
What did the Italian dressing say to the French dressing?
What do people typically get at Whole Foods?
What did Han Solo say when Leia asked for help with a crossword clue?
What's the difference between a wife and a dog?
How did Jesus get his beach bod for the summer?
Do you know why you will never go hungry in the desert?
Why didn't the blond want to use her phone while using the bathroom?
What's the difference between an epileptic corn farmer and a prostitute with Diarrhea?
What are the three most important things to an orthopedic surgeon's business?
Why don't you mess with one-ply toilet paper?
Did you hear Lorena Bobbitt died in a car accident?
How does a Mexican wrestler enter a room?
Why Did Princess Diana Cross The Street?
Why was number 6 scared of number 7?
What does a duck say when it goes to the doctor?
Do you think Apple's next phone will be a 6S?
How does a lawyer name their kids?
Why do pedophiles love reddit?
If a cow laughs, does milk come out his nose?
What did Tony Abbott do when he heard Denmark had surplus wind power ?
What is the gardener's favourite fruit?
What is the worst animal std?
How much cum can a gay guy make?
What's a good treatment for insomnia?
What do you call an Indian man with motivation?
What does a lesbian pirate say?
Why do failing college girls always screw their professors?
What's a Lumberjack's favorite drink?
Did you hear about the erectile dysfunction support group meeting?
A Portuguese, a Greek and a Spaniard go into a bar. Who pays?
Do you know which place has the highest concentration of Jews?
Where do bees go to the bathroom at?
What did the Grateful Dead fan say when he ran out of pot?
What do you call someone who's got a horse for a mother and a fruit for a father?
A Hardcore atheist, A dedicated vegan, and an avid cross-fiter walk into a bar. how can you tell which one is which?
Did you hear the submarine construction business closed down?
What did the group of unborn babies say when they were hungry?
Why should you date a Greek woman?
Have I been shadow banned?
Why is there no market for white tires?
What is faster than silver surfer?
what did the boy with no arms get for Christmas?
Did you hear about the reusable condoms?
What's a sports fan's favourite disease?
What did hitler say when he smashed his thumb with a hammer?
What do you call someone who masturbates on a plane?
Did you here about the IKEA corporation getting away with having that guy killed?
What do you call a dinosaur with good dental hygiene?
Why do happy people like to sleep in late?
What do you call an Indian bloke in a submarine?
What's pale, lives in darkness and sucks blood?
Have you heard the one about the deaf guy?
What did the egg say after he was put in a pot of boiling water?
Knock knock. Who's there? Benjamin. Benjamin Who?
Why have the Chinese not got telephone directories?
What does a blueberry do at a party?
What did the Mexican name his two dicks?
A Portuguese, a Greek, and a Spaniard go into a brothel. Who pays?
Do you know Forest Gump's Facebook password?
What does a gay crow say?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
What do you call a German who is up themselves?
What do my jokes have in common with toilet paper?
Who am I?
What do you call a lesbian with big hands?
Why did the brothel only employ ugly prostitutes?
What do Hispanic midgets cut their pizza with?
What's the correct instrument for measuring how fat your mom is?
What do you call a whiny dog?
How come Greek salad doesn't have any lettuce?
What are the chances that Donald Trump has so annoyed people... that even rapists and murderers don't want to be associated with him?
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia?
What do you call a Pirate you share an apartment with?
How does one cook toilet paper?
What worse than finding out your wife has cancer?
What's Ron Jeremy's favorite shape?
Why did Bill Cosby go to Japan with a bag of roofies?
Why did the company hire the glutton?
Why did the accountant cross the street?
Why do teen girls travel in groups of three?
What a greek says as he get his paycheck?
What was the last thing that went through Lady Diana's head, moments before the crash?
How do you get a tree pregnant?
How long does it take to drive across France?
Why couldn't the clown make balloon animals for the children?
What are 3 naked woman on a crate of beer?
Why was epsilon afraid of zeta?
What's Jared's favorite ingredient for his Subway sandwiches?
What's the capital of Greece?
You know what would be a good name for a cocaine delivery service company?
How many birds does it take to change a lightbulb?
Which porn video release are you most looking forward to?
What is a caterpillar afraid of?
Did you all hear about the new terrorist group called Al-paca?
What is Forest Gump's email password?
If you use a meat tenderizer to repeatedly hit a backless bar chair does it become a stool softener?
Whats 2 + 2 ?
How do you communicate with a fish?
How long does it take light to travel from the sun to the earth?
Why do jews have big noses?
Did you hear about the penguin that flew?
What's brown and screams?
If you don't wear ear protection, do you run the risk of getting Hearing AIDS?
What's the capital of Greece?
what happens when you're singing in the shower and get soap in your mouth?
What's the difference between jam and marmalade?
Why did the baker have smelly hands?
What's the best part about Subway sandwiches?
Why are atheists so light?
What did one renewable power source say to the other?
What's Mozart doing?
What do kids yell at old people who are just trying to play?
How does Sean Connery shave?
Wanna hear a racist joke?
What do you call a serial killer who can kill with both hands?
What's the difference between a baby and A goat?
What do toys and boobs have in common?
What's Jared's favorite Subway bread?
How do you know If your girlfriend is Canadian?
What do you call a dictionary on drugs?
Why did the chicken kill itself?
Why were Porn Stars not affected by the recession?
Why didn't Jarred order the meatball sub?
Did you hear about the cow that jumped over the barbed wired fence?
why arnt there any walmarts in the middle east?
Why do the homies call their friend Paragraph?
If a guy is the one that plows the girl than doesn't that make him the hoe?
What did the dementia patient say to the other dementia patient?
Why did Sauron buy the sedan instead of the coupe?
What do you get when you leave a dog inside a car when it's 100 degrees outside?
What do you call 4 dicks tied together?
What do you call a guy with no hair named Gary?
What's the advantage of being black in Africa vs black in America?
What did one Japanese man say to the other?
Did you hear Jared Fogle was arrested for child pornography?
How do you measure a Lego minifigure's shoe size?
Name and Address?
Why did Santa want a divorce?
Did you hear about the guy who was caught having sex at Sea World?
Why do white girls hang out in odd numbers??
What do women and dog shit have in common?
What kind of pants does Super Mario wear?
Was Hitler really such a bad guy?
Why wasn't Jesus born in the United states?
How do you turn tap water into holy water?
A man is trapped in an enclosed space with thick steel walls on every side. There is only a piece of paper inside. How does he get out?
What does a 75 year old woman have between her breasts that a 25 year old doesn't?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
[engineering] what kind of fight sees two fighters enter the ring and only one leave?
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's new limousine?
How do you have a rave in Greece?
Who would want a "Semi" tattoo on their colon?
How many apples grow on a tree?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
What does oral sex and being in the mafia have in common?
What do you call a seizure you have while mining?
What do you call a theft by a stumbling person?
What would Hitler have said to the Jews if he were a Keynesian economist?
What is the difference between a Lannister and a Greek?
What do you call a marathon runner that refuses to stop?
How did Stevie Wonder respond when asked how he coped with being blind?
How many seconds are there in a day in Africa?
Why can't Albert Einstein drive?
Why do maxi-pads hate tampons so much?
What do you call an alligator in a vest?
Why did Subway take Jared so seriously?
How did the woman feel after her legs were amputated?
There are three men in a boat in the middle of the ocean with four cigarettes, no lighter or any matches. What do they do?
Did you hear the one about the gynecologist who was looking for a job?
What did the little boy with no hands get for Christmas?
Why were people in the Twin Towers so upset?
Why did the artist go to the bakery?
What do you give a Greek man with a scratchcard?
What do you call fat people eating McDonalds?
What do Canadian squirrels eat?
Why are chickens never virgins?
What do you get when you cross Tesla and Thomas Edison?
What happens to eskimos who sit on the ice too long?
What peanut butter do total dicks eat?
What does a greek say when gets his salary?
Shout out to /u/Flame mech for inspiration. Why was the violin coach arrested ?
What did the black Jesus say to the black Black Buddah?
How do you have a rave in Greece?
How do you fit 4 queers on a barstool?
what sport does every hacker enjoy?
What's got 8 feet and 10 shoes?
Did you hear what the Feds found at Jared Fogle's home?
Did you hear that Jared from Subway was caught up in a child pornography investigation?
What did the blind kid get for Christmas?
What do you call a bulimic tree?
How do you find the click bait audience?
Why was the ukelele teacher put in jail?
3 Elephants jump out of a plane, the first two hit land and the last one hits water. What sound did they make?
Ever ask yourself who, in a perfect world, would raise a child?
What do you call a magic owl?
Why shouldn't you take away a hobos shit?
Wanna know a joke?
Want to hear a joke?
You know why men die earlier than women?
What is the difference between an old bus depot and a lobster with boobs?
Did you hear about the strawberry jam and grape jelly hooking up?
Why did the Cephalopod get coal for christmas?
How does a woman know she's sleeping with a forklift driver?
What do you get when you have Tiger Woods, Stephen Hawking, and Dwayne Johnson in the same room?
What do you call a gender confused toddler?
Greeks lined up for ATM?
What happens if you spin an oriental person around really fast for an extended period of time?
What kind of dog is the quietest?
Did you hear about the tennis star who hit his wife?
What does a north Korean and a ginger have in common?
What do you use to cover a herpetarium floor?
What is a pedophile's favorite shoe?
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion?
How do you take your coffee?
What's the thing that is about 5-6 inches long, it goes into mouth and when you rub it back and forth it produces a white liquid?
Are you all right?
Why did the female warrior prefer the armor smith over the weapon smith?
Why wouldn't the Kabuto share his Potion?
Have you heard about Reddit OP having a miscarriage?
What is a 6.9?
What do you call someone who is not nice?
Why did Shakespeare refuse to join the army?
Why are Canadians atheist?
What functions worse than the US Government?
Why are there no knock-knock jokes about America?
How many New Yorkers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call a child who shoots with twigs at a PTSD victim?
Why are there different species of hyena?
Where do poor meatballs live?
What's the difference between the United States and a yogurt?
Did you read the article about the automated journalist?
Why would Ellen Pao not do her own AMA?
What did the number 0 say to the number 8?
What do you get when you mix a Mexican and an octopus?
What's the last thing you want to hear when you're blowing Willie Nelson?
Did you hear the one about the man who let a firework off on top of his head?
Why is the US so much better at the accurate placement of round objects than Japan?
What does a Jewish guy say when he's making eggs?
What dictator had the best bureaucracy?
What did the Japan team say after the first half of the Women's World Cup?
What do you call a blind dinosaur?
What do you call Triple H practicing for a WWE match?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
What shoes does ninjas use?
How did the media find out that princess Diana had dandruff?
What does the Starship Enterprise have in common with toilet paper?
Why did Microsoft skip windows 9?
Where do Irish people go for breakfast?
What do you call fireworks that don't work?
What did the Jamaican say when he lost the smelliest feet contest?
Why did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth?
What religious group does reddit belong in?
What do you get when you cross a sheep with a robot?
Why does /r/fencing suck so bad?
Why was the washing machine laughing?
What is punctuation's favorite curry?
What is the capital of Greece?
Where does Neckwear go on vacation?
What did Donald Trump say to the Mexicans?
Why did Mary fell from the swing ?
How do you know if you're a bogan?
Why do elephants have four feet?
What do American beer and sex in a canoe have in common?
Why can't a bicycle stand on its on?
Where does Santa's stripper mom work?
What do you call porn with transgender midgets?
Why did the tree keep getting grounded?
Why does Hillary Clinton want to be president?
what is the most terrifying sound to a redditor??
What is potential energy's favourite season?
What is R. Kelly's favorite group to feature?
What do you call the beginning of a porno?
Why r/Jokes has too much tiny jokes?
What do you call a party with 7 girls & 70 midgets?
What would a reddit restaurant be called?
When do cops blow up and destroy shopping centers and Walmarts?
What's a police officer's favorite party game?
Where do shadowbanned Redditors go?
What did Victoria say to the tailor?
What did Marily Monroe and Lee Harvey Oswald have in common?
If women ruled the world do you think missiles would be shaped differently?
How is having a new dishwasher at a kitchen job like being in the Matrix?
Whats the difference between a retard and a woman?
Did you hear that they upgraded the lighting system on the Goodyear blimp?
What does a woman's A**hole do when she has an orgasm?
Why did Ellen Pao try to sue the users of Reddit for gender discrimination/ sexual harassment?
What did the cat say when the delivery man was leaving?
What's Pao's favorite Chinese dish?
How does a nucleus get out of prison?
How many SJW's does it take to fix a lightbulb?
Why did Ellen Pao punch the puppy?
What is Ellen's favourite food?
What do goats do on election day?
Why did the melon insist on having a big wedding?
What do Steam users and Reddit admins have in common?
What does rappers eat for breakfast?
Why Adolf Hitler is a bank robber?
Why does America not have knock knock jokes?
What's Reddit's new favorite movie?
Funniest YouTube channel?
Who fancies going to Tunisia?
Hello Alcoholics Anonymous?
What do you call a cat who steals someone's identity?
Why was Disney's massage parlor so successful?
Why do redditors hate Ellen Pao as CEO?
Do you know what happens when gay marriage is legalized?
Where is Victoria working now?
How do you escape a fascist authoritarian regime?
Why did they fire Victoria?
What do you call it when your lizard doesn't know how to use the internet?
What's the difference between Ellen Pao and a pitbull?
Which Dinosaurs love electricity?
Did you hear about a reddit user creating a new website?
What's brown and Rhymes with Snoop?
How many reddit admins does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's the difference between Ellen Pao and a catfish?
Did you hear that sugar is magic?
Do you want to have a home?
Why is masturbating in France like cooking an egg?
What sound does a bloated dead horse make when you beat it?
What has a slice of burnt toast and a pregnant girlfriend got in common?
What did the army recruiter say to the gay wizard?
How do you get rid of a Reddit admin?
How do you make holy water?
What happened on Reddit yesterday?
What do people hate about CEOs of big internet companies?
How do you catch a politician?
What sound will reddit make when it blows up?
Why was the G-Spot Club not making profit in the nightclub business?
What do you get when a topless blonde rubs suntan lotion on a topless brunette?
Why didn't the French soldier fight in the battle of France?
Since reddit is nearing its demise, how do i cash out my gold?
What Do You Call An Arab Dinosaur?
What does it sound like to shoot yourself in the foot twice?
Who's Batman's greatest enemy?
How could Donald Trump support Mitt Romney?
What do you call the game that centres around weak leadership?
What do you call someone in the army that knows the capital of every country on earth?
What did the reddit admins say to the mods?
What sound does Reddit make when it blows up?
What do you get when you cross Batman with Mountain Dew?
What has shadier inner workings, Reddit or FIFA?
Why did the bear eat his phone?
Why did the Reddit cross the line?
What do you call a powerful, asshole-ish potato?
Whats the difference between reddit and hell?
What goes CLOP CLOP CLOP BANG BANG CLOP CLOP?
To you Star Trek fans: what does the Star Ship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common?
How do golfers get away with cheating?
What is a rift valley?
Why does Piglet smell so bad?
Why did the water turn into steam?
What do you get when you put a root beer in a square glass?
Have you heard of the band 150 megabytes?
Why did Luke Skywalker never really know his father?
Did you hear about that vampire that's never tasted blood?
Have you heard of corduroy pillows?
What do you call a baby pizza with epilepsy?
How can you tell if someone does crossfit?
Spell roast five times, r-o-a-s-t, r-o-a-s-t, r-o-a-s-t, r-o-a-s-t, r-o-a-s-t. What do you put in a toaster?
What does the ISIS donkey say?
A giant and a midget are asked how did they get so tall and short?
What did the dinosaur say to the caveman?
What type of dog leaves a mark?
What was Hitler's least favorite holiday?
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection?
Why can't guys do the splits?
If there would be a hole going through the center of Earth and ending on another side and you would through a rock there where it would stop?
What is green and 2 meteres beneath the ground?
Why are all computer scientists such pessimists?
Why doesn't Michael Jackson play chess?
I have glasses but cannot see. I have feet but cannot walk. What am I?
Why doesn't God like fruitcake?
Which insect do asian people eat the most of?
Why didn't the penguin jump off the iceberg?
Why'd Sally fall off the swings?
What was the vegan craving when he got bit by a zombie?
What did the cow say to the police officer, giving a speeding ticket?
Why did the girl fall off the swing?
Why did Papa smurf go to the aviary?
When you neutralize an acidic solution in a titration, what do you do?
How many teenage mutant ninja turtules does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Where do suicide bombers go when they die?
What do you call a Hawaiian homosexual?
What are a plumber's favorite shoes?
How do you find a blind man in a nudist colony?
How did Jesus get those sexy messiah abs?
Why was the guy wearing the fedora upset?
Why do the French like Easter?
Why didn't the bear go to college?
What did the limestone say to the geologist?
When a boy falls, what does he fall against?
What is meant by 'a pull factor'?
What do you get when you cross a stock broker, a detective, and an alligator?
Why don't Canadians wear tank tops?
Why can't Helen Keller drive?
How many dancers does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did Jesus come to Earth?
What's the difference between Greece and a good software application?
Why are highly successful people named Mark always so depressed?
When someone has Taken your car who should you call?
What do you call someone who begs for a free copy of "Return Of The King"?
What do you get when you pour hot water down a rabbit Hole?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
What do you call a Snorlax that wants to win a race?
What is the date in Germany/Brasil today?
What does a Muslim redneck wear?
What happens when you accidently add an extra p to tp?
What do you call it when a stripper works for free?
What do you call a black guy flying a plane?
What did the man say to his penis when it offered him a fight?
Why did the baker have smelly hands?
What animal should you never play cards with?
What's the capital of Greece?
Do you know why the European stock markets are sliding down?
Why don't ants go to church?
What did the Circle say to the Square on the bus?
What did the insurance company say to the applicant?
May I have a quick word with you?
What's the difference between a crackhead and a methhead?
What do you call an anorexic with thrush?
Whats this new apple product I keep hearing about?
What is the best way to lose money?
Why did the female war reenactors need to throw away their costumes?
How did the scuba-diver pay for his drinks?
What does Jimmy Buffett's chicken say?
What's the most confusing day in Harlem??
Where do Muslims go after their Friday prayer?
What’s Darth Vader’s corrupt brother’s name?
Why chicken commit suicide?
What is Pitbull's favorite restaurant?
What would you call a terrorist organisation run by wielders of the dark side of the force?
Whats the most essential part of telling a joke about terrorism?
What did Santa say at the brothel?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
How do you make a gay person angry?
How did the butcher introduce his wife?
Why did a surgeon go to prison?
What do you call Nitrogen after the sunrises?
Whats long, brown and sticky?
What's the difference between The Little Boy Who Cried Wolf and stories posted in /r/TwoXChromosomes?
Why wasn't the pirate invited to the movie theater?
What do Jaqen H'ghar from Game of Thrones and Christina Aguilera have in common?
What do you call a crazy judge?
what's harder than closing your blinds?
If you could choose between world peace and $100,000,000, what color would you choose for your Ferrari?
What did cinderella say when she got to the ball?
What did the zero say to the eight?
Why did Sally fall off the swing?
Did you hear about the Crucifixion victims?
What do you call lying furniture?
Why is outer space so cold?
Where do sick boats go to?
What do you call a galaxy full of Brazilians?
What do you call a man with no arms and legs that falls into a body of water?
Why was purple jealous?
Why is divorce so expensive?
What is the difference between a Lira and a Dollar?
Y'all notice how Tumblr is full of people blogging about guns?
How do you confuse a feminist?
What did the penis say to the condom?
What is the difference between a cat and a comma?
why is a divorce so expensive?
What do you call a snobby felon falling down the stairs?
What do you say to a feminist with no arms or legs?
Have you ever thought about dying instantly?
What's the longest word in the world?
Why did Ted get fired from his job?
How did the Italian chef break up with his girlfriend?
Q: What do blondes and beer bottles have in common?
What did the Ocean say to the Beach?
Why isn't Kanye West allowed in rural Pennsylvania?
What is hot, carbon-dated and buried deep inside Georgia?
What does a mathematician get from a day at the beach?
What is large and grey and shoots tourists in Africa?
[x-post from askreddit] Aside from throwing stones, what should a person living in a glass house not do?
Where did Little Suzie go when the bomb hit?
What do Bristol Palin and the Virgin Mary have in common?
Why should you tell bad jokes to cocaine addicts?
How did the baker put his opponent in checkmate?
What's the difference between a school of children and a terrorist camp?
Which actor is best suited for a programmer role?
I don't understand why fat people get so much hate?
You hear the one about the gay judges?
What is the car that everyone sleeps in?
What's a Rastafari's least favourite product?
What does a gay horse eat?
Was Jesus Gay?
What happened when the husband tried to deep fry his wife?
What do you call a master at guessing Anime characters?
Why do black people like the rain?
What's a Vikings favourite dance?
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza?
What do gay marriage and the World Series have in common?
What's the difference between Jelly and Jam?
Why did the SpaceX rocket explode?
Why are lesbians such poor cooks?
What does train tracks and breast have in common?
Why did the star go to the bathroom?
Did you hear what the Kathmandu?
What do Mexicans call a commando?
what is the mods favorite joke?
Did you hear about that African-Asian summit?
What's the difference between a golfer and a skydiver?
Do you know whats black on the bottom and white on top?
What do you call Indian flowers?
How is Christmas just like another day at the office?
What serious crime has Michelle Obama done?
Did you know you can see through Caitlyn Jenner?
What do you call a musician without a girlfriend?
Whats the difference between Mashed Potatoes and Pea Soup?
You hear what they are calling Bruce Jenner's new TV show?
Why did they name the T-Rex in Jurassic World Rexy?
Why did the Chicken come to /r/jokes?
*REQUEST* Anyone know any good "show me a ..." jokes?
Have you heard the joke they don't tell stupid people?
Why are flowering plants such good test takers?
Hey, wanna hear a Jew joke?
What do you call a cow stable in Egypt?
Why couldn't the feminist change the light bulb?
What did the Nazi without a car say?
Why don't chickens wear underwear?
A Mexican has 2 kids. He names the first one Jose. What did he name the other?
How do Mexican cut pizza?
What's the difference between a pizza and a baby?
Who was the most active of the chinese khanes?
What do gays and republicans have in common?
How long is a short circuit?
What do you call ten thousand pastors setting themselves on fire in protest of marriage equality?
What does a half-dressed Sikh wear on his head?
How do you tell a chemist from a non-chemist?
How do your trigger a SJW?
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
What are gay people's favorite pizza?
What do you call a lesbian Eskimo?
Why do cow wear bells?
How do Mexicans cut their pizza?
What does a sassy ghost say?
What do you call a smart mexican?
What do you call a stealthy gay guy?
Whats the difference between pork and beef?
What's the difference between a seal and a sealion?
Why did the Mexican take xanax?
What does a Pirate say on his 80th Birthday?
What is green and has wheels?
How ironic is it that gay marriage is legal, but conservatives are the ones getting butthurt?
Where does a king keep his armies?
what's the best part of living in Sweden?
What's red and orange and looks great on hippies?
What console does god use?
Why did the lesbian cross the road?
Why is steak harder to cook than spinach?
What did Dora say when Swiper got ahold of her tinder?
Why did the IT Admin marry Sally?
Ever wondered why there were no knock knock jokes about America?
How many ants does it takes to fill an apartment?
How do you get rid of chewing gum in your hair?
What do you call someone who takes everything literally?
Why did the opossum cross the road?
A boy asks his father the differences between realistic and hypothetical situations?
Why does Snoop Dogg wear a condom?
“sin” asked "cos" what should they do tonight "tan" or "cot"?
What do you call a train when it's eating?
What's the difference between a paddling pool and a swimming pool?
What do the mafia and 69 have in common?
What do you call a baby born at 4 months gestation?
A joke I was told while in Iran. Why are there no jews in Tabriz, Iran?
Why is the number 6 always angry?
If it takes 150 yards of stewed tripe to make a pair of leather britches for a bull, how long does it take for a double breasted cockroach to climb a bar of soft soap?
What comes after 69?
Why doesn't Jesus play volleyball?
What's the similarity between a blonde and a tornado?
Why did the orange stop in the middle of the road?
Want to have a haircut like Jesus?
What do you call Stephen Hawking before he got motor neuron disease?
Usian Bolt's favourite country?
What was Cambodia's biggest export in the 90s?
What is Mexico's national sport?
What does walking a tightrope and having period sex have in common?
What is it called when Batman abandons Gotham city?
Why did Mr. Steaks decide he would take his wife's surname?
What's the ultimate rejection?
What did Russia say to Ukraine after the conflict was over?
Why does your blood rush to your head when you're upside down but not to your feet when you're right side up?
What do you get when you ask for a Roman pinch hitter?
What do you call a fruit that is a vegetable?
What's the most difficult thing about roller-blading?
What's the difference between a Harley Davidson and a vacuum cleaner?
What do they do with Tickle-Me-Elmo's before he leaves the factory?
What's your favorite racial (but not racist) joke?
Why are people with celiac disease more likely to get into heaven?
How much steel can a dank meme melt if a dank meme melts steel beams?
Why should've Christians chosen farts over bread?
What does a Russian call a product on clearance?
What is the difference between a black guy and a couch?
What did the Amish IT guy say about the computer?
What concert ticket costs 45 cents?
How manly is your programming language?
What's a questionable hole blocker?
If you could travel the world with only one person, who would that be?
What do you call Batman when he skips church?
Why did the junkie walk into the pet store?
Hey should we dry out these grapes?
Do you want a quick joke?
What makes an ISIS joke funny?
What's the difference between a pregnant lady and a light bulb?
So what are you doing these days?
What do you call a poster of a sexy pepper?
Why did Waldo wear stripes?
Why do a lot of math nerds wear glasses?
Why was the hippo afraid to go skiing?
How do you know a gypsy woman is pregnant?
What do you get when you mix a Mexican with an octopus?
How do you confuse a blind person?
Did you hear about that actress that stabbed herself? Reese something?
Why are vacuum cleaners made by gays the best?
What would Jesus say if you angered him?
What is the best way to pass the time on Tatooine?
What goes clip-clop clip-clop bang!?
Do you think you are stupid?
Why are Plumbers always so tired?
What did one eye say to the other?
What do accountants use for birth control?
What do you call a person who never passes gas in public?
What do you call a wanderin' nun?
Did you hear about the three-legged dog that never won an argument?
What's grey, yellow, grey, yellow, grey, yellow, grey, yellow, grey, yellow, grey, yellow?
Where do generals keep their armies?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What's one thing that a canoe will do that a Jew won't?
What's a boxer's favorite part of a joke?
What's the difference between a high-wire circus trapeze act and the Rockettes?
Are you a fan of nintendo?
I can't remember what age I am?
Did you hear about the pirates who became shoe shiners?
Is there a shorter word for monosyllabic?
What is a pirates favorite letter?
Two guys are fighting, who should get the last painkiller?
Why shouldn't you make jokes about dwarves giving fellatio?
What did the cow say in winter?
Did you know cat's are impervious to most rattle snake bites?
Hermione Granger: What can I wear that won't make me look fat?
What do you call a starving robot from space?
Why did Kim Jong Un's father go to hospital?
What do you call a woman drowning in money?
What do you call three Egyptian women in a bathtub?
Who is ant man's worst enemy?
What do you call someone who only tells knock-knock jokes?
What did the Hawaiian terrorists say when they blew up a restaurant?
How did people charge their phones before electricity?
How many kids with ADD does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do Canadian banks and psych wards have in common?
How do you tell the difference between a Fabric Designer and a Science Professor?
You know what the hardest thing about rollerblading is?
Where did the Nazis send the Juice?
What's black and doesn't work?
This may be one all of you have heard, but what do Eric Clapton and coffee have in common?
What do bad photographs and the Irish famine have in common?
What do you call a group of animals who decides to kill themselves?
Did you hear about the man who found a dollar in his beer?
Why can't black people swim?
What's a porn star's favorite drink?
Why did the dinner roll spend his afternoon knocking on doors?
What do you call a British circle jerk?
Guess who's been sober for 10 months?
What was an elephant doing on the freeway?
What does Hitler do on a windy day?
What's the lawyer's favorite fruit?
What does a Mexican use to cut pizza with?
What do you call a cat who takes a shortcut in a race?
Why do midgets love playing soccer?
What is a wok?
Are you sure that only fools are unarguably convinced?
Did you hear the joke with the punchline that is invisible to idiots?
What do you call a dinosaur from the Middle East?
-Where is your wife ?
A gynecologist and a pizza delivery man. What do they have in common ?
What do Pizzas and parents have in common?
What starts with an 'M', ends with 'arriage', and recently made me the happiest man alive?
What is Biz Markies favorite farm animal?
How do you get 100 Canadians out of a swimming pool?
Did you hear about the kidnapping in the park?
What do you cal a wine hangover?
Why didn't Greece vote for Tyrion?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
What do you call an apathetic Russian?
Call out to CAN_ZIGZAG: what do they call it when a mechanic frees up a stuck gearshift?
What is the Sun's favorite type of music?
What is every bodybuilder's favorite city?
What is a Sloth's favorite breakfast food?
Why is there such a big contrast between Greek yogurt and regular yogurt?
How much sex does one of God's brides have?
What do you call a Mexican who can't find his car?
What do you call Hindu ideas about pacifism?
How do you spell Canada?
What was Abraham Lincoln's seating preference?
- Doc, how did you know that I have high blood pressure?
What time does Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon?
Why does a chicken coop only have 2 doors?
Whats long, green, and smells like pork?
how do you confuse a blonde?
Does anyone know a good subreddit for jokes?
Why was the ghost late to the halloween party?
What do The Walking Dead and the Fast and Furious series have in common?
How do you find a blind man in a nudist colony?
Did you hear about the time Hitler and Stalin shared an apartment?
Who invented the knock knock joke?
How does the quadriplegic cross the free way?
How can you tell if your wife is dead?
What's the useless skin around the vagina called?
What's the difference between your wife and your job?
Guess What Happens When Ur WIFE Gets ROMANTIC While U Taking a Poop ?
What do you call a Jewish gentleman with a healthy sperm count?
Did you hear about the workers who couldn't stop making subway sandwiches?
What do waiters want most after dinner?
How heavy is the moderation on this sub?
Hey friend wanna hear a joke ?
How do you make Canadians?
What do you call closet Purge ?
Why was Skippy falsely imprisoned?
Why did Plato's worst student always have stuff stuck in his teeth?
Are you looking for work spreading the word of Jesus?
What do we say to the god of procrastination?
Are you frome Tennessee?
Wanna here a joke?
If H2O is inside a fire hydrant, what's outside of it?
What's a 90's kid's favorite salad?
What happens when you give an Autobot a blowjob?
Did you hear Caitlyn Jenner got a new cat?
What is an astronaut's favorite power tool?
What do you call cheese that's not yours ?
What's blue and doesn't weigh much?
What do you call a robbery of Italian ice cream?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an irish family?
If you had bad legs, why wouldn't you want to be a college professor?
What did Barack say to Michelle when he proposed?
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose?
How many Einsteins does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What does Batman do on Father's Day?
Why is women's soccer so boring?
Wanna here a joke?
What do you call an elderly burglar's vagina?
Why did the Catholic church decide to abandon science?
Where do you find a liberal at a convention?
I get wetter as you get dryer. What am I?
What's up?
What kind of fish has no father and looks like shit?
Why does Carlos Mencia love r/jokes?
Why did I spill root beer on a DNS server?
Why do girls always get mad when I try to read their shirts?
What do you call a singer who enjoys spicy food?
Mom, have you seen my turtle?
Who do Canadians call when their car breaks down?
Why does everybody hate tampons?
Why can't an eel and an eagle team up?
Why do Jihadist Muslims drink only instant coffee?
What's the difference between a chestnut and a walnut?
What do you call a Jewish man, mid ejaculation?
What do you call a Mexican who can't find his car?
Why was the terrorist masturbating on the plane?
How do you disappoint a redditor?
Why did the Jamaican go to Syria?
What do hillbillies do on Halloween?
So, let me get this straight. You boast that you shagged my Mum, and I'm supposed to get you a Fathers Day card to say 'thanks'?
What's the difference between a vegetarian and a brony?
Why did the plant get sentenced to death?
Why did the chicken cross the road with a knife?
What do you call a duck that's a drug addict?
What did the jews not like about the Holocaust?
What did one hat say to the other hat?
You know why someone who's good at something is "The Shit"?
what do you call 4€ and 25 cents?
How do you make an octopus laugh?
What's the difference between a battery and a women?
How come no one tries to blow up the Pope?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
How do you make an internet addict wait?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
Have you guys seen the movie about Flapjacks?
What do spinach and anal sex have in common?
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working?
What has 6 arms, 3 legs, and 2 feet?
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call 2 gay Irishmen?
Why is 'secret' such a popular password on Brazzers?
How many blind men would it take to change a light bulb?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Ddi Humpty Dumpty have a good winter?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What do you call a baby Muslim?
Why did sexual frustration impede the development of mathematics in Ancient Greece?
Do you want to hear a joke about sports cars?
How did Ramadan go?
What's the code name for a nitrogen molecule?
What did the child with no hands get for his birthday?
What Rock group has four men who don't sing?
Did you guys ever hear the peanut butter joke?
What's the difference between the NRA and ISIS?
What kind of fruit can't get married?
what do you call a Cow with no legs?
Why is it so hard to breakup with Japanese girls?
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic?
What do you call two doctors with colds?
What does Chick-fil-A and their CEO have in common?
Why did the redditor stand on a piece of fruit to check his weight?
What do you call two nuts on the wall?
What do you call an Fit Chick?
Did you hear about the crowd of Catholic priests at baby Gap?
Did you hear about the wheat farmer that got sent to jail?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
Did you hear about the kidnapping at the daycare?
What do Jewish people drink after they spray tan?
What is the male cover band of The Cranberries called?
What's the definition of endless love?
Why is gravity the weakest of the 4 fundamental forces?
What do you call a gay man's nut sack?
Why did the fatty cross the road?
What do you call Bill O'Reilly?
Why don't Jewish cannibals eat Germans?
Did you hear about the Chicken who went for his job interview?
What's a woman who always knows where her husband is?
What has 9 arms and sucks?
Why is a Christmas tree like a bridegroom?
Why couldn't Helen Keller vote?
What can a mathematician and a pedophile agree upon?
What's another name for a ghost writer?
What's better than two roses on your piano?
Did you hear the one about the guy who could never remember the punchline?
How was marriage instituted?
Why is gravity the weakest of the 4 fundamental forces?
What is better than Roses on a Piano?
Whats the difference between a black man and Batman?
(Not a joke) Can have some flairs for the type of joke?
What kind of sex toys do terrorists prefer?
What's the main difference between a man and a woman?
What does blue paint taste like?
What do you call a heard of sperm whales?
What did the scientist say when he found 2 isotopes of Helium?
Why do gyms produce the best Rebels?
How do you say nachos in English??
Whats the difference between jam and jelly?
What happens if an Asian gets stung by a bee?
Dad Joke - Did the melon get married without permission?
Why did the WTC get hit by Terrorist?
What do my ex and a box of chocolate have in common?
Whats a cannibals favorite game?
What do Chinese lumberjacks do?
How does Pocahontas celebrate her Cake Day?
Whats white and likes to shoot?
Have you seen Caitlyn Jenner's cat?
What do you get if you spray tan a bunch of Jewish people and throw them into Auschwitz?
How do you stop a woman giving you a blow job?
Why do Nazis hate Canadian summers?
Did you know there is an old law in place in most of Australia that states that no one, except small bears, are allowed to climb more than 12 feet off the ground?
What happened to the Russians and Austrians at Austerlitz?
What is the difference between a terrorist training camp and a Pakistani elementary school?
Q: Which is the most courteous State in the US?
How many fat people does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did Olly call the manager for help, outside the store?
What do you call a French baker who sucks cock?
What do you call an angry black man?
How does Thor's brother like to party?
How does Frodo make his own food?
What did the SMG dad say to his son?
Did you know that Jose is an American name?
how much can you take?
What is the only thing easier to break than a Razer headset?
Why did Mickey Mouse get shot in the foxhole?
What's snoop dogg's favorite author?
Why did ygritte break up with Jon Snow?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What's the worst thing you can hear when Willy Nelson is going down on you?
Why does Bob Seger always laugh when he plays chess?
What does the B in Benoit B. Mandelbrot stand for?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
Why did?
What's Jon Snow's favorite children's book?
Whats worse than finding a worm in your apple?
What do you call a confused baker?
Why did the lion eat the tightrope walker?
Whats long, green, and smells like pork?
Why do nursing homes give men Viagra before they sleep?
Did you hear about the Mexican man who went to the old people home to visit his grandpa?
Why are there so many dogs at the pound?
Why did religion cross the road?
Two hippies, a man and a woman, fell off a cliff at the same time. Which one died first?
Why don't Buddhists have Instagram?
What is Polands national sport?
How did Donald Trump manage to stay away from the H?
When and where do chemists have sex?
What ever happened to Windows 9?
There is a big fat naked guy and another naked guy behind him who has a big nose. The front guy turns around, what happens to guy behind?
Why didn't Jon Snow skateboard?
What do you call a Wolfman who barks at a half moon?
Where can a hand refuel its car?
How do you stop a North Korean tank?
Why did Jon Snow buy an athletic cup?
Why are gay guys always butthurt?
Why should you never use r/television 's fridge to store mutton?
Where would you find more Leifs than in a forest?
Any good Jokes?
What happens when a Jew walks into a wall with a boner?
Do you know what the President said to Michelle when he proposed?
What is Vladimir Putins favorite food?
How do you pick up a jew?
Why do Nazis love Vinyls?
You know Michael Jackson had a pro baseball contract?
Why did Jon Snow stand in line for 6 hours at the Apple Store?
So I heard Donald Trump is running for president again. You guys know that if he wins, we'll all be f****d, right?
What does the sign on an out-of-business brothel say?
How many blacks does it take to change a light bulb?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom?
What was the last thing that went through the Sandy Hook child's mind?
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Guess what the sky said to the transmission tower?
What is the correct way to refer to an OP who resides in Europe?
How do you get 1000 dead babies into the bed of a pickup truck?
What is white a d 14 inches long?
Why does Arnold Schwarzenegger kill all the bugs at his ex girlfriend's house?
Did you hear that Michelle Obama banned reddit?
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
Oldie but goody... What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
How many police officers does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many gay guys does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Who is modern fiction's most notorious serial killer?
Have you heard about that new program that only the living can watch?
Why are people in jail always mad?
Is this funny?
Why did Jon Snow need a new battery?
Want to know what makes my johnson magic?
Why can't Miss Piggy count to 100?
Do you want to know what Jon Snow and yo momma have in common?
Do you want to hear a Knock Knock joke?
What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW?
Why do women wear makeup and perfume?
Wanna hear a joke?
What's the difference between a hipster and a fire hose?
Why doesn't Barbie have any kids?
Where do poor people live in Italy?
Is having a penis easy?
Where do cousins come from?
What the difference between a pick pocket and a peeping tom?
What is the difference between a human dad and a moth dad?
Why did the condom fly across the room?
Wenn ist das Nunstück git und Slotermeyer?
What do auditioning for an acting role and playing sports have in common?
What happens when you flip an 8 to it's side?
why are terrorists so popular at parties?
What do you call a coi fish that can't swim?
Guess what God said to Joan Rivers when she just arrived in Heaven?
What’s the difference between a G-spot and a golf ball?
Did you hear about the mathematician who’s afraid of negative numbers?
Why did the acronym buff decide to go join the etymologists instead?
did you know that the earth used to be 100% water?
What do do you call a Mexican rolling in the sand?
What's the difference between a corn farmer with epilepsy and a prostitute with dysentery?
What do you call a rooster who is okay with his wife screwing other cocks?
How many hippies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why are Asians no good a football ( soccer) ?
Why can't truck drivers ever fully retire?
Why did the fisherman decide to go fishing?
Why did the condom fly across the room?
Why can't Java programmers see well?
Wanna hear a joke?
Why does Game of Thrones always kill off its main characters?
What's the difference between a hipster and a lumberjack?
What does DNA stand for?
Why is it the worst for Stevie Wonder when stopped by the police?
What do I have in common with neutrinos ?
What did the pianist do when someone smashed his piano?
What do you call someone who raises poultry?
What's the first thing you do when attacked by a gang of clowns?
What makes you special?
Q: What is the tallest building in the entire world?
What do you call a starving artist from 17th Century England?
What do you call a man who jokes that women always make mountains out of molehills?
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees?
What brand of Vacuum Cleaner does Snoop Dogg use?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
What do Chefs and Murderers have in common?
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other?
did you know that protons have mass?
How many months have 28 days in a leap year?
What did the janitor say when he came out of the closet?
The worst part of being a pedophile?
How many dead hookers in a basement does it take to change a light bulb?
Whats the last thing to go through a bugs mind as it hits the windshield of your car?
What's the difference between a woman and a bowl of ramen noodles?
Am I a genuine polar bear?
What did the Pink Panther say when he stepped on an ant?
How many hippies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call an Arab with a jet?
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler?
Do you have a turn down?
What is long, pink, and drags along the ocean floor?
What is the hardest part about breaking up with a Japanese girl?
What do you call a collection of Tyler Perry's movies?
What happened to the egg when it heard the joke?
Where do hipsters buy their clothes?
Why does VALVE end with 2?
Do you know what a 9V battery and an asshole have in common?
What do you call the guy who envies his friend's gelatin?
What do you call a pushy asshole potato?
Why does BuzzFeed skip every other number when counting?
Did you know Zimbabwe loves the rapper 50 Cent?
What do you call a depressed dog swimming in a pool?
What's black and doesn't work?
Why doesn't Bono like Google?
What is blue and smells like red paint?
What do 'Free bird' by Lynyrd Skynyrd and my orgasms have in common?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
Why doesn't God want to argue with Satan?
Where does Iron man get his e-mail?
What the difference between Reddit and other sites?
Why is the Champs-Élysées lined with trees?
Why did the cook go to jail?
Why was Joseph late to the meeting?
Why do hipsters love Raiders of the Lost Ark?
What's pirates' favourite meme?
What do you call an alligator in a vest?
What's the warmest organ in a dead woman's body?
Why is the hipster sweating?
What have you done wrong if the wife keep complaining when you try to watch TV in the living room?
How does Moses make his tea?
If you could pick any superhero name and power, what would they be?
Why does a dog?
What do you call a belt made out of watches?
Did you hear about the murdered essay?
What makes Skrillex skillful at the chemistry lab?
What paint is most popular in modern buildings?
Why did the Chihuahua laugh?
Did you know that Chuck Norris's tears can cure cancer?
Which university has the most muslims?
What do you call a man with no arms, no legs, and is on fire?
What's the difference between a midget and a dwarf?
what did the horny man say to his girlfriend?
What do you call someone who is obsessed with a constant breeze?
What's Batman's favorite food?
What do lawyers and sperm have in common?
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm?
What type of transporter does Mr. Scott use?
Is it true that in Siberia, bears walk on the streets?
Why does lightning strike in France so often?
Why did the plane crash into the ocean?
What does a man eat when he cannot run off with his girlfriend?
What was the last phone call made from the Twin Towers?
Why does Star Wars Movies numbering scheme starts with 4,5,6?
what do you call a fat woman who has 28 men in bed with her each night?
What makes a black joke funny?
What do you get when you cross an Elephant and a Rhino?
You know what's been making headlines?
Why did the guitarist go to prison?
What do you call an invalidation of someone's argument because they cannot differentiate between their and they're?
Why are black people unfair?
Have you heard of Evil Knievals brother Ku Klux Knievel?
Why was the double leg amputee sentenced to life?
Have you heard about the man with no dick ?
What makes an ISIS joke funny?
How can you tell that Caitlyn Jenner was once a man?
What did one orphan say to another?
Whats in the middle of girl's leg ?
Whats that when you keep moving constantly produces something white ?
ELI101: How do people not get binary?
Wha do you call when a whale gets circumcised?
What do you call a white woman that identifies as black?
Did you hear the one about the man who got swallowed by a whale?
Why was Christopher Lee the top choice of actors for his roles in films like 'Lord of the Rings' and 'Star Wars'?
What was the best thing Kurt Cobain ever released?
How many times can your grandmother orgasm per hour?
How does a neckbeard make a scotch egg?
Wife: Can you check the dryer?
What breaks when you give it to a baby?
What do you call a prisoner who's psychic,has dwarfism and escaped the prison?
Who is Bobby Long?
What do you call it when someone accidentally gives you a handjob?
How do you sink a norwegian submarine?
A Spanish-speaking sailor met Poseidon and asked the God of the Water if he was wet all the time?
What do you call a sexy BLONDE that understands what you're saying?
What do you call a lamppost in Niger?
Why did Jesus have to walk everywhere?
Did you hear about Ryan Seacrest's beard?
What do you get when you cross the world's most famous skater with the world's best physicist?
What do you find at an end of the rainbow?
Why is MetLife Stadium the windiest stadium in the NFL?
What did the bookshelf say when it looked in the mirror?
Why do black men weep when they make love to white women?
Why do black men smell bad?
What did the prostitute bring to the can drive?
Why is the topmost floor the best place to drink in?
What starts with e, ends with e, and only contains one letter?
How many 3rd wave feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why is it so hard to learn the C programming language?
What's the shortest organ in a goat?
What is the main difference between real numbers and women?
What's a life without units?
What did Spock find in the toilet?
What does a stick of Big Red and a Jamaican prisoner have in common?
How come computers are soo smart?
Why did Ellen Pao cross the road?
What's the difference between an oyster fisherman with epilepsy and a prostitute with diarrhea?
What's better than winning a gold medal in the quadriplegic (crippled) Olympics?
Have you ever smelt moth balls?
What is your favorite joke that's so bad it has become funny again?
Hear about the lady who backed into a fan?
Whats the difference between a baby and a bag of cocaine?
What do you call bacon wrapped frog legs?
why do hens have no tits?
How do you spot a vegan at the gym?
What's the difference between a 6 month old and a 20 year old?
You know how I deal with migraines?
If a hipster falls in the middle of the woods and nobody is around to hear it, does it make a sound?
How many country singers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Did you here about the woman who got attacked by a gang of mimes?
Why are there no Wal Marts in Iraq, Iran, or Afghanistan?
What's the M0D's name before they're triggered; turning into a furious, putrid, lump of blubber?
How to you make an octopus laugh?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Did you know diarrhea is a genetic disorder?
What do reddit admins eat?
What is Will Smith's job ?
Q: What's a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer?
What is the number 1 pickup line at a gay bar?
What did the Chinese say to the American?
Why does Uranus look so smooth compared to other gas giants in our solar system?
How does a cow quickly do math?
Whats the best part about having sex with Caitlyn Jenner?
Why did the plane crash?
How do weathermen get up a mountain?
Why does Ur anus look so smooth compared to other gas giants in our solar system?
How many fat people does it take to get a subreddit banned?
Sorry, just woke up and only had time to just check the front page. What's happened to Christopher Lee?
What is Ellen Pao's favourite piece of Malware?
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the Batmobile?
(DARK HUMOR) Why can't Jesus eat M&M's?
How do furries have sex?
Knock Knock. Who's there? Knock Knock. Who's there? Knock Knock KNOCK KNOCK. Who is there?
Why did Hitler invade Poland?
What did capital 'O' say to capital 'Q'?
You guys wanna hear a joke?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
When's the best time to see an optometrist?
Why don't suicide bombers bathe?
Does Caitlyn even have a vagina?
What do Angels fans and gay men both have in common?
Did you hear about the dyslexic baker who advertised a job vacancy?
Do you know what a gay snake sounds like?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
Where can you find a turtle that has no legs?
What is Spiderman's perfect job?
You know what I call drowsy driving?
There's a cliff to your right, a elephant to your left, a horse in front of you and a lion behind you, all running at the same speed. How do you get out of this predicament?
What do you call a sleepwalking nun?
What was Hitler's favorite letter?
What do you call a confident chicken?
Where did bob go during the explosion?
Did you hear about the romantic comedy that has a cast consisting only of Vine stars?
What is the difference between a garbanzo beans and a chickpea?
Why do nuns always travel in pairs?
What was the name of Hitler's Political Party: A, B, C, or D?
Where did bob go during the explosion?
Why wont Goldilocks drink a glass of water with 8 pieces of ice in it?
Would you guys buy Apple's new product for lumberjacks?
In the song "Fancy," why do Iggy Azalea and Charli XCX sing about getting drunk on the mini bar?
What do you call a female with down syndrome?
What do you call an ugly dinosaur?
What size bed comfortably fits a married couple?
What's the best way to get bubblegum out of your hair?
Why did the dog go to the vets?
Did you hear about my cruel psychic Maths teacher called Moe who's great with a sniper rifle?
What do twenty blondes standing ear to ear make?
Two blondes went to a drive-in movie. What movie did they go to see?
What's better than eating a mandarin?
What is yellow and eats beetles for a living?
How can you call someone and sound fabulous?
Why don't the dutch have a space program?
What beverage should you give someone who is publicly intoxicated?
Want to hear a corny joke?
What does the farmer, looking for his tractor, say?
What do Princess Diana and Pink Floyd have in common?
Why does Snow White turns yellow when she's angry instead of red?
What's the most boring cut of meat?
What do you call a charming tool?
How many redditors does it take to change a light bulb?
Why was Sir Lancelot too tired to jump over the moat?
What else can you call pictures depicting children sexually?
What's your name?
Why are sandwiches better in space?
Q: What do you call a lawyer who has gone bad?
The difference between Chuck Norris and Bruce Lee?
What do scientists and vegetables have in common?
How many ghosts does it take to change one lightbulb?
What's the stupidest prank someone tried pulling on you? My sister just told me she was pregnant and I was the father. Does she really think I'm that dumb?
What do you call a joke without a punchline??
What is Hodor's favorite cereal?
What do they eat instead of "pigs in a blanket" in McKinney, TX?
What happened to Wendy from Wendy's?
What's the difference between an English pig and a French pig?
Who was the greatest prostitute in history?
What's a pirate's favourite amino acid?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
What's the difference between a joke and two dicks?
what did Spock find in the ships lavatory?
Why do they put cotton in the top of pill bottles?
Why do Ethiopian girls give the best head?
What does star trek and toilet paper have in common?
Wife: You said you'll keep me as a queen but you make me dig the farm all day. WTF is this about?
What do you find in between the tits of an old woman that you won't find in between those of a young woman?
What do you call a bear with no teeth?
What did the Brontosaurus say to the Stegosaurus?
who is a skeletons favorite music artist?
What's long, hard, and has cum in it?
What's a pirate's least favorite letter?
Why does Hellen Keller use two hands for masturbation?
What would you call it if Hitler was mad?
What's a divorce attorney's favorite dessert?
Did you hear the one about the three holes in the ground?
What’s the difference between cats and dogs?
What did the kid with no arms and legs get for Christmas?
What does a television have in common with a rabbit?
What is Beethoven doing right now?
What's his name?
What's pink and fluffy?
What killed the Wicked Witch of The West?
Why does a milking stool only have three legs?
What do you call a Chinese Podiatrist?
What did one butt cheek say to the other butt cheek?
What do a woman and a grenade have in common?
Why don't many buddhists work in the railroad industry?
Have you ever smelled moth balls? Oh, you have?
How many guys wearing turbans does it take to change a light bulb?
Did you hear about the kidnapping?
How do you sabotage a space mission ?
What is the difference between a yogurt and america?
What's the difference between Hitler and cops?
Did you hear about that group of midgets suing the local bar?
What do you call a white athlete who wins a sprint vs black athletes?
How are Women and Hurricanes Similar?
How do you say no in German?
How does an Apple Watch owner know that it's midday?
What's the best part about buying dishes that are made in Mexico?
How do you blindfold an Asian person?
Why don't dentists display their awards?
Why don't people raid dodo nests anymore?
Why did the Native American feel so reluctant about booking a hotel room?
Why are dogs in a lot of pain?
How do you take a selfie with a goat?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
What do you call a shy rapper?
Ay girl are you a fire truck?
Why aren't cremations given out for free?
What do you call a stripper donkey?
What's the main ingredient when making pickle bread?
What did the boy octopus say to the girl octopus?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What's a Mexican pimp's favorite investment?
What Does Reddit stand for?
If you have a bee in your hand what do you have in your eye?
What do you call a blind dinosaur?
what does one do on the fine summers day when the toothbacks all say tooth?
How can you tell that your dog just gave birth?
WHAT DO YOU GET WHEN YOU MIX A RETARD AND A FUCKHEAD?
What did the left pussy lip say to the right pussy lip?
What do you call a large group of prostitutes?
Why was the Egyptian boy confused?
What kind of stationary can't you defend yourself with?
What do you call 2 people with identical penises?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the restroom?
What'd they call that place with the collection of escape artist memorabilia?
What's the square root of sixty-nine?
What do you call two bees at the seaside?
Did you hear about the hermit in the storm cloud?
Why is Windows going from 8 to 10?
What's orange and sounds like a parrot?
Why did Microsoft skip from Windows 8 to Windows 10?
Why is Grace never thirsty?
What did the Hispanic chef say when he went down on his girlfriend?
What did the vegan give the homeless guy?
What happened to the cow that jumped over the barbed wire fence?
How do New Zealander's find sheep in long grass?
Why can't some people help being born Chinese?
What do you and 1 ply toilet paper have in common?
What do you call a blind dinosaur? Doyouthinkhesaurus?
What's the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo?
What's at the beginning of the rainbow?
Why can't you fool an aborted fetus?
What was the butcher doing when he got caught?
How does ISIL prefer their eggs?
What do you see when a Native American Princess pokes a space smuggler in the chest?
You know what they say about wizards with big hands?
how do u do molly safely?
What happened when Moses went to Mount Olive?
What do you call a vegetable that's only kinda cool?
What do you call a snobish criminal walking down the stairs?
What's the one thing Spider-man can't eat?
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews?
What do you call a robotic transforming Malaysian airliner?
Whats a really famous corn?
What's the difference between a gun and a feminist?
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea?
What do Disney movies and coathangers have in common?
How does Bob Marley like his donuts?
Did you hear about the Pirate suffering from scurvy?
What do you get if you cross a dog with a sniper rifle and a car?
What did the man say when his boss asked him to deal with some potassium?
What do you call a couple of fat people that share the same interests?
What did Obama say to Michelle when he proposed?
What did the choir teacher say to the student who asked to use the bathroom?
Are they moving?
What has nine arms and sucks?
Wanna hear a construction joke?
Have u seen the movie "Constipated"?
What's the difference between North Korea amd South Korea?
What did 50 cent say to his grandma when he saw her knitting?
How can you tell when a bicycist comes to a complete stop?
What did the burger do when he ate his enemy the hotdog?
Why did the 3 year old go to jail?
Why should you never shower with Pokemon?
Why did the apple eat itself with a fork?
Did you hear about that kid who claimed that his age was 2015?
What will happen if you put anal lube where oil should be in your car?
What do you call it when a red head gets a tooth infection?
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg?
What do you call a Spaniard kissing a door?
Did you hear about the constipated Mathematician?
What do you get when you divide the circumference of a Jack o' Lantern by its diameter?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
What did Obama say to Michelle when he proposed?
What's everyone's favorite past time, that always has the same outcome, yet does not have an arena or a proper league?
What do you call an arrogant con walking down the stairs?
What's the motto of the Mexican army?
What's the difference between a yoghurt and the USA?
Why is a giraffes neck so long?
How do you know if somebody does crossfit?
Science joke time! What happens if you're late to extremophile school?
What do you call a guy who plays Fallout?
Why is Uhura black?
Why couldn't the birthday clown make balloon animals for the children?
Why didn't the kayak owner and yacht owner get along?
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus?
What is the longest sentence in the English language?
Did you hear about the Irish guy who had fun in Limerick?
What's the best way to prepare baby food?
What is it called when a bunch of people, all under 5'2", go to a raging party?
Did you hear about the cyclopic tutor?
Why did the console gamer get a headache at the art museum?
What disease do Spartans get the most?
How did the guy with a foot fetish ruin his date with an amputee?
What has two arms,two legs and eats ants?
What's the one thing Spider-man can't eat?
What's the one thing Spider-man can't eat?
What's 9 + 10?
Why did the poor art collector only buy miniature paintings?
Why was Hitler kicked off the track team?
Why is sex with hipsters always unsatisfying?
What do you call a chav in a suit?
What goes zzub-zzub?
Why didn't the panda use a glove when playing baseball?
What's the one thing Spider-man can't eat?
What did the artist say to the dentist?
Is there a punchline to this chemistry joke?
What's the medical term for a female to male sex change?
Why did the sandwich shop sound terrible?
How many trans women does it take to change a lightbulb?
Did you hear about the time that shallots, scallions, ramps, and leeks all got together?
What did the surgeon say when the doctor declined going out after work?
Did you hear about the contortionist that fell in love?
What's a female lizard's favorite song?
Can your dick touch your ass?
How many South Americans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How is marriage and CPR training the same?
How many Duggar does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why do Malinese animals do what they do?
Is that a gun in your pocket or are you happy to see me?
How do you eat soup with chop sticks?
What do you call a dating service for lumberjacks?
What smells better than it taste?
When you order a cocktail at a gay bar what do you get?
What's the difference between a bird and a fly?
What is the difference between a cocktail and a dickbutt?
How do you call a dog with no legs ?
Why does an elephant have 4 Feet?
Why did Sepp Blatter cross the road?
What element can combine with two nitrogens and an oxygen, and still have there be only one element?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
Why is it that every time I get ahead in life someone arrests me for grave-robbing?
Besides coke residue, what other particles can be found on dollar bills?
What do you want on your tombstone?
Why do bears poop in the woods?
Do you know how I got out of Iraq?
Why do people studying engineering get to already call themselves engineers?
How many black people does it take to start a riot?
Why is it impossible to run through a campground?
What's Your Poison?
Where can you find alcoholic sheep?
Did you hear about the drug addict who went to court for flipping off the cops?
Is your mum black ?
What is it called when Skrillex has a throat infection?
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose?
What do you get when you mash up an avagadro?
What do you call an international diamond monopoly turned Chicago football team?
What did the computer say to the pirate?
What happens to Stephen Hawking when he stops laughing?
What do you get when you cross an orchard with a concentration camp?
What did the uncircumcised man say during confession?
What made Bruce decide against Jacqueline for his new name?
Twat did you say?
Why do men scratch their balls?
Why do girls have legs?
What does being in the mafia and eating pussy have in common?
Why did FIFA have surgery?
Want a rabbit joke?
Where does bees wax come from?
What's the square root of 69?
How do you tell the difference between a redditor and a MOBA player?
How long does it take a black woman to take a shit?
What do you call jokes that belong to everyone?
What's the difference between period blood and sand?
Have you been to /r/brucejennerspenis?
Why do Women use perfume and make up?
Why did the dinosaur go to jail?
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's Irish and sits on your lawn?
Did you hear about the man who bought a dolphin?
Did You Hear that Iggy Azalea Got Engaged?
How do you know a car is from Poland?
What Did The Doctor Say To The Dinosaur?
In which sport does one white guy push around a bunch of colored guys?
You know what really gets my goat?
Everyone knows you can tell a criminal is lying if his lips are moving, but how do you know when a cop is lying?
Why can't there be a League of Legend's team of 5 Lucians?
Why are blood bank workers so good at correcting spelling mistakes?
What do you call ice cream that robs a bank?
Why is Microsoft going straight to Windows 10?
Why did the snowman pull down his pants?
Did you know Kurt Cobain had dandruff?
How many politicians does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why is Latvian cross road?
Are the Nazis who fought in WWII veteran-Aryans?
Why did Caitlyn Jenner have a differently spelled version of Caitlin?
What's Pamela Andersons favorite soda?
If a man's signature is called a "John Hancock" what do you call a woman's?
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball?
Why do windbreakers smell bad?
What is the average Math teacher like?
My inappropriate uncle told me this one when I was 11: Where do cousins come from?
What does the pedophile jew say to the child?
Computer Joke: What do you call a fat man's jacket?
Have you heard of Charlie Sheen and Lindsey Lohans new sitcom?
How can you tell if a woman is bi-polar?
have you heard about the pessimist and the optimist at Christmas?
How do the Chinese decide on their next porn star?
What's the difference between an egg and a root?
Why is it so hard to break up with a Japanese girl?
What did the first stop light say to the second stop light?
What do you call the definitive book on Chinese culture?
How do you buy hair?
Timing. Why don't Norwegians tell good jokes?
Which alligator lives in the arctic?
What's the difference between a nicely dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle??
Why does Helen Keller only masturbate with one hand?
Whats the only fruit that can't run away to get married??
You ever hear about the guy who goosed the ghost?
Why don't you buy your wife a watch?
What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW?
What will men do if women become extinct?
How do you make a baby float?
What was Helen Keller's favourite colour?
What does a Jewish pedophile say?
What do you call a horse at night?
Do you know what Twitter is?
What do you call Einstein masturbating?
What does D.N.A. stand for?
How can you tell the difference between ignorance and apathy?
What's the difference between a joke and three dicks?
You want to know a neat trick to get yourself to stop being annoyed by a baby crying?
What do you call a dead chicken that likes to throw things?
How do you fit 100 dead babies in a barrel?
Are trees really necessary?
Why are there no Jews on Jupiter?
What do you call a fake psychic who was found out and now shoots up in ditches?
What's a pirates favorite type of fish?
Why should we hire the chickpeas to be part of our choir?
What did the orphan get for Christmas?
Excuse me - can you tell me the way to the Staten Island Ferry?
Who is Chu?
What is headache ?
What sound does a Filipino horse make when it gallops?
What do you call the vehicle used to carry Henry VIII's second wife to the hospital?
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call balls on the wall? Walnuts. What do you call balls on a chest? Chestnuts. What do you call balls on a chin?
What's the best part of a woman?
What's the worst way to lose your job?
Why being gay is a serious issue?
What is the opposite of progress?
Why was Einstein unable to build a wall?
What did the bird say when he flew over K-Mart?
what's the difference between a cow and 9/11?
What is the difference between phlegm and catarrh?
What is a zombie's favorite cereal?
How do you get down from an elephant?
What gets wet as it dries?
What goes in hard and dry and comes out soft and wet?
What did the robber with an errection say?
What do you call a car without a hood?
Kenya?
How did the Mongols get to Europe?
What happened when the cannibal ate a minister?
How does the modern-day James Bond prefer his women?
What do you call two Irish gunfighters in a duel?
Who could it be?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
Do you have pet insurance?
What does a gay horse eat?
How many US cops does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many apples grow on a tree?
What do you call a Kryptonian who loves popcorn?
What do you call a plane with no wings?
My study buddies, Reese and Shey. Aren't they beautiful?
What's worse than locking your keys in your car outside an abortion clinic?
What do you call an overweight Mexican?
If a centipede a pint, how much can a precipice?
What would be the American version of "Duck Quacks Don't Echo"?
What's the difference between a pile of dead babies and a Ferrari?
What do you call Minecraft in Germany?
What does a pedophile and McDonald's have in common?
What the difference between a filthy bus station and a crab with implants?
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
What's the similarity between Princess Diana and Ferrero Rocher?
What's the difference between a Jew and a boy scout?
What's Forrest Gumps Favorite Password?
What do you get when cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Where does geography and geography meet?
How do college students exercise?
What do you get when you put resistance on a stove?
What is the one riddle that everyone gives up?
True or False?
Do you like fishsticks?
Why did the woman cross the road?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
What do you call a happy Kia owner?
Why did the airplane no longer work?
What Do You Call A 7 Second Minecraft Video?
What do you call a turtle with a hard on?
What's the least spoken language in the world?
Why is six uncomfortable around seven?
What's the difference between a penis and a criminal?
Did you hear about the preganant comedian?
What do you call someone aroused by shopping?
Suljo & Mujo anyone?
Did you hear about the guy how lost his whole left side?
What's the difference between Reese and Tyrese?
Why did the skeptic man have high blood pressure?
How do French psychologists like their beverages?
How can you tell if a woman is wearing pantyhose?
What's the oldest age that a boy can have a circumcision?
Free shipping?
What's the difference between a German and a Virgin?
How does Moses make his coffee?
how many indians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call a group of black people?
How do you make an egg roll?
How will the Duggar's stay on TV and make money?
What do you call it when two gays fight?
What is the official fruit of gays in Texas?
What's white and troubles at breakfast?
What do you call a zoo that only has dogs?
Why does the German dad scare all the other kids?
What's the difference between a potato and a vegetable...?
What did one orphan say to the other?
What's a mouse's best friend?
How many moths does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What part of your punctuality emancipates the Chinese?
Why did KGB officers always travel in threes?
[OC] How does captain hook cook pita bread?
You know what's good about pirate hookers?
Do you know why consuming ants is good for your health?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What did the sorting hat say to the quadriplegic?
What kind of dog do IT people prefer?
What do you call ghosts commiting bank robberies?
What has nine arms and sucks?
Why would anybody ever want to visit New Brunswick?
What exactly are cats?
You wanna read a joke about Sodium?
What is the Great Saiyaman's favorite Adam Sandler movie?
Why was the broom late?
What does the Chinese Candy Crush Saga say..?
Who is the greatest Jewish cook?
What's the difference between hard and light?
Why did the Irishman wear two condoms?
If you're American when you enter the bathroom, and American when you exit the bathroom, what are you while you're IN the bathroom?
Heard about the new Itailian all-weather tires?
What sex position makes the ugliest kids ?
How does Hitler tie his shoes?
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
Did you guys hear about the joke about the high wall?
Hear about the new bar in town?
What do you call Bob Marley when he wears glasses?
Why do women like men who can work on cars?
Did you hear about the dwarf fortune teller that killed two of his clients?
How do you get a stoner to comprehend what you're saying?
How do you make a hormone?
On a scale of 1 to fucked, how fucked is FIFA?
King of the jungle??
How many Viet Nam vets does it take to change a light bulb?
Where does Vladimir keep his shit?
Why is Hellen Keller a bad driver?
If your Uncle Jack was on his roof, and he wanted you to help him down, would you help your Uncle Jack off?
How do Mexicans cut their pizzas?
Damn boy are you a banker?
What do you call a bullying competition?
What do you call an Englishman with an IQ of 50?
Why did the fish swim off of the waterfall?
Why do terrorist use Nokia phones?
What is the difference between the DMV, and a strip club?
What happens when Superman sees Superwoman?
What do you call a girl who stands in the middle of a tennis court?
You know why God loved Mother Mary so much?
Why do men like BMWs?
What 11 letter word does every Yale graduate spell incorrectly?
Where did little sally go after the explosion?
why don't you see elephants hiding in the trees that often?
What's the smartest animal on the farm?
What do you call a gay Irish couple?
How Are A Prostitute And A Pirate Ship Alike?
What do you call a mound of dirt that is uneducated?
Did you hear about the steak that was knighted by the queen?
What do you call a black guy who flies airplanes?
Why do Trekkies never grow out of Star Trek?
Have you guys heard about the Pharaoh who thought he was the son of god?
How do Reavers clean their spears?
What is batman's favorite food?
What is the difference between Issac Newton and the 5 year old i just stabbed to death?
What cheese is used to block online streaming?
Did you hear about the couple who got married in a gymnasium?
What do you call a Mexican who is high?
What do you call a super soldier that is in a coma?
What did the sign convention management do to the woman who kept pulling down their long signs?
Have you ever visited the area between Thailand and Vietnam?
What's the difference between a Democrat and a Republican?
So doctor how much time do I have left?
Why does a pterodactyl always urinate on the side of the bowl?
What is the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker?
Why does Caterpie like Margarine?
What did the Australian sea captain announce when he decided to wank with both arms?
What kind of trails does a crazy person travel?
How do you titillate an ocelot?
Why did the boy want to see a thunder storm in Greece?
What do you call President Bush melting steel beams?
Want to hear a joke?
Why do scuba-divers fall backwards off the boat?
What does my girlfriend and Windows 8 have in common?
Did you hear about the guy that spilled curry powder in his bed?
What does Pluto have up on Palestine?
What did George Takei say to the attractive Frenchman on waterskis?
What happens in a chinese restaurant when the power goes out?
How do you make a small fortune in aviation?
How many super sayen do you need to change a bulb ?
What kind of Asian dish takes away your freedoms?
Did you hear that they're bringing back Pimp My Ride?
What kind of charge did the Couch place against the Recliner?
What is the biggest mistake Steve Jobs ever made?
Why did the walrus go to the Tupperware party?
What do you get when you cross a highway with an armadillo?
If Bill O'Reilly and Barbara Walters got married what would they name the baby?
Where does Sean Connery sit?
Isn't technology amazing?
Who ever said time cannot be bought?
How many chiropractors does it take to change a light bulb?
Where do cows go when they die?
How do you titillate an ocelot?
How many people from the future does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did Germany win so many battles in WW I?
What is a mixture of Hulk and Captain America called?
What is a Mexican bodybuilder's favorite supplement?
What's worst than one bee sting?
How do Chinese people name their kids?
Do you know the hardest part about rollerblading?
How do you know if someone is a vegetarian?
Why did Michael Bay jump off a bridge?
What do women and the square root of 2 have in common?
Have you ever seen the serial numbers on a condom?
What's the difference between a Afghanistan wedding and a terrorist training camp?
What's the difference between a bowling ball and a French girl?
How many Saiyans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a Mexican child molester?
What do you call Professor X doing a wheelie?
What is Harper Lee's favorite alcoholic drink?
What's a feminist's favourite coffee?
What happens when ducks fly upside down??
Why's it so hard to find marathon and triathlon reviews in Germany?
Why do Mexicans like spicy food?
How do blind doctors deliver babies?
What do two cousins say after they have sex?
How did the elephant get out of the river?
2 potatoes standing on the street corner how do you tell which one is the slut?
Why couldn't the banana get a date?
How do you spell "apathy"?
Why can't cats vote?
why is math book so sad?
Did you hear about the Mexican carpet salesman?
When a Chinise guy and an Indian have a race fight. Who will win?
How do you get beer from root beer?
What's green and has four wheels?
Why was six afraid of seven?
What do you call an elephant and a rhino mixed?
What did the cannibal Doctor do with his patients?
How many people does it take to start a riot?
Why did the cat get arrested for playing a violin?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
why did no one listen to the wheelchair joke?
Do you know what a woman says in the bedroom when she sees a big dick?
If I had a dozen muffins and Carlos took 13 away from me, what do I have now?
Would you like to hear a Helen Keller joke?
What'd the ocean say to the other ocean?
Why can you trust noone in the savannah?
What do you call a natural blonde who dyes her hair?
What do you call a pirate's helicopter?
What are two things dinosaurs can't have for dinner?
What do you call an Irishman who bounces off of walls?
What happens when a lawyer dies??
What are the names of the first two men to get married under the new Irish gay marriage law?
What did one snowman say to the other?
Why Aren't There Riots When White People Get Killed?
Why doesn't anyone watch women's hockey?
Hey why isn't Phil Hughes playing in the test today?
What did the Catholic Mexican say to greet the Greek God of Thunder?
How many black people does it take to start a riot?
What do you get if you cross 50 Shades of Grey with Blurred Lines?
How do you determine a German baby, a Jewish baby, and a Polish baby?
What has two legs and bleeds?
How did Hellen Keller's parents punish her?
What's the most frustrating thing in the world?
Can you run a bath when you have the runs?
Why don't you ever see rich people wearing glasses?
Why was Cinderella kicked off the basketball team?
What's a... pederast?
Why don't blind people go skydiving?
How can you tell if a blonde has been using the computer?
What's the meanest thing someone's ever said to you?
what is harry Potter's favorite ice breaker?
How can you tell a blonde is having a really bad day?
what's the male equivolent of a widow?
What's the difference between a dentist and a sadist?
How many men does it take to open a beer?
Where'd I drop my waffle?
What happens to lawyers after they die?
What is the difference between a black guy and a white guy that sells drugs?
What do you call an elite team of crime solving tree surgeons?
Why were the baker's hands smelly?
What do you say to a family who has just experienced death of a family member due to anorexia?
What does Snoop Dogg eat when he visits Germany?
A Jewish dilemma?
Who's the only living relative of penguin?
What do you call someone that hangs out with musicians?
. Mickey Mouse is talking to his divorce lawyer Lawyer: So, you say the reason you are divorcing Minnie Mouse is because she is crazy, right?
What is red and smells like blue paint?
What did the baby order at the chinese restaurant?
Which has less drunks: an Irish wedding or an Irish funeral?
What do you get when you have sex with a truck stop hooker?
Why is the plunger gay?
Do you want to hear a short joke?
How many children did Josh Duggar molest?
Wanna hear a joke?
what is the difference between a tea bag and england?
Why do photons travels slower through water?
Why did prince Oxygen inherit the throne after the king died?
Where do one-legged people go to eat?
Did you hear about the woman who replaced her addiction to ornithology with alcohol?
Why are track suits so popular song members of the former Soviet Union?
Why do Marlboro cigarettes have white filters in America, but yellow filters in Europe?
Why did Simba's father die?
What do you call a coffee shop where drug deals go down?
[Programmer Joke] Why did the int drown?
How can you tell if you bought lube from Tumblr?
What was said the boiled waters funeral?
Did you blow bubbles as a kid?
You hear about the newswoman with one boob?
What's the difference between shaving a red head's pubes and diffusing a bomb?
What do you call a tree that hates this joke?
How do you make holy water?
What do you call a Jewish beer?
Where do skunks go to college?
What do you call a gay dinosaur?
What do women and stones have in common?
What do Jews get at night during the holocaust?
Where are the raisins today?
what the elephant say to the naked man?
Would you like to hear a german joke?
How many germans does it take to change a light bulb?
Aren't dad jokes great?
What is hairy and between your grandma's nipples?
What do ducks use to get high?
Why did the bubblegum cross the road?
Why would you wrap a guinea pig in saran wrap?
Why do tulips glow?
How many bruthas does it take to clean a kitchen?
Why did the Bloody Mary need a restraining order?
What kind of bars do lesbian Eskimos go to?
Want to hear a pizza joke?
What is the best kind of plate for a continental breakfast?
Why was the volleyball player drunk at a game?
How many egoists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
What do you call a karate chopping pig?
What do you get when you cross a joke and a rhetorical question?
What's the difference between a red head and a blue head?
How do you make Holy Water?
How many dyslexics does it change to take a light bulb?
Whats the cheapest type of meat?
What is easier done than said?
What do you call a hairy gay man who suffers from mood swings?
Why did the Millennium Falcon hot a tree?
What's the worst part about being a black Jew?
A man goes into Boots and says: "Have you got Viagra?
Why did the director get kicked out of the bar?
Where does a polar bear keep his money?
What's the difference between a picture of Jesus and Jesus?
What do you call a theatrical performance about puns?
How do beer companies track their sales?
What would Bart Simpson's first Steam game be?
Why don't midgets smoke weed?
Who is consistently the best pro sports team to watch in Minnesota?
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist?
What do you call a reptile that can't grow its tail back?
Which fruit wanted to run away and get married, but couldn't?
What do you call a dead fowl that is haunting you?
What's the difference between certain and uncertain?
Are you ready kids? AYE AYE CAPTAIN! I can't hear youuuu! AYE AYE CAPTAIN! Ohhhhhh, who lives with a GPA under a C?
What's another word for a penis potato?
Why couldn't the snake charmer charm his snake?
Why do vegans hate giving blow jobs?
History teacher: Which period did Cleopatra come from?
Did you hear about the new pill that's supposed to turn lesbian women straight?
What's Chris Brown's favourite game?
What organ in the body never dies?
Why are clickbait titles generally in the form of a question?
What kind of liquid does a pig's printer use?
What do you call a guy with a 2 inch penis?
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Did you hear about the mathematician who got out of jail?
Is it just me or is solipsism just a load of rubbish?
Where do epileptics get pizza?
What do astronomers do when they have nowhere else to turn?
What did the 3 holes in the ground say?
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long?
What do you call a fat cop?
Was the Nintendo hungry?
Why was the killer whale fired from his restaurant job?
What does a fat girl and a pallet of shingles have in common?
why was Elsa afraid of Sven?
What do you call two lesbians on a canoe?
BEAUTIFUL?
A butcher married a baker and had a kid who grew up to be what?
Did you know that Darth Vader had a wife?
Have you heard of the body of water that's killing thousands of people each year?
What do you say to a broken Xbox One?
Have you heard of the insect that's killing thousands of people each year?
What do you get when you cross menstruation and apples?
Why don't turkey vultures ever lose their luggage?
How many frat boys does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a person who wears adult diapers?
Which teachers make pupils feel good about themselves?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth?
What is E.T. short for?
How did the octopus go to the war?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call it when Batman skips church?
Why can a woman never be a good DJ?
What do you call a bee from US?
What do you call a bearded gardener?
Why can you always trust Frankenstein's monster?
How many Freudians does it take to screw their mothers?
What does a beef patty have in common with a blowjob?
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable ?
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman?
Where do suicide bombers go when they die?
What is a bed's least favourite time of year?
Do you like Wendy's?
Why did the chicken not cross the road?
What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone?
How do you tell off a toilet?
When is a dog not a dog?
So you wanna learn to speak with an Irish accent do you?
What so you call a religious dinosaur?
Can someone help me find some videos of Al Gore dancing?
Do you know the difference between a cheeseburger and a blowjob?
What is it called when Michael J. Fox smokes a joint?
Why do smarter people last longer when having sex?
What do you get when you mix an octopus with a black guy?
What is Pi squared?
How man redditors does it take to change a lightbulb?
Ever been to a Canadian mosh pit?
How many Catholic priests does it take to screw a lightbulb?
Why did the girl fall off the swing?
What is the difference between the US and yogurt?
Have any of you heard back from D yet?
You know what is blown out of proportions?
Do you know how a suicide wank works?
What is the origin of the word "Boob"?
What do you call a person who hates fat people?
If you had to describe yourself in one word, what would it be?
What will ESPN talk about if both the Hawks and Rockets make it to the NBA final?
How do you get negative inflation ?
Why do Electricians make terrible revolutionaries?
How many Psychologists does it take to change a light bulb?
How many light bulbs does it take to screw in a Soviet Russian?
How do you become really unpopular on Reddit?
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call a helicopter with a bad paint job?
Why don't you want to hang out with a dude from Chicago?
Why do divers fall out of the boat backwards?
Don't you find it Funny that after Monday(M) and Tuesday(T), the rest of the week says WTF?
What is the difference between jam and jelly?
Do you piss in the toilet before getting in the shower?
What would be the name of a gangster who makes terrible movies?
Where does a pornstar go for timeout?
What did the snail on the turtles back say?
What is Kanye's favorite Transformer?
What's black and red, flashes like hell and annoys men?
What do you get if you cross an insomniac, an agnostic, and a dyslexic?
What do French people say when they don't want to see someone ever again?
What do you call a gorilla with a harpsichord?
If you weigh a whale at a whale weigh station, where do you weigh a pie?
What did one elf girl say to the other elf girl who wasn't sharing?
Where do geographers go for a drink?
What's Paul McCartney's favourite food?
Why can't two elephants go swimming?
Did you hear about the guy who jumped off a building after drinking Alka-seltzer?
What's the last thing the ISIS fighters' wife said before she blew herself up?
What did the velociraptor say after his workout?
What's a policeman's favorite gaming console?
What do you say to Simba if he's walking too slow?
What do you call a woman with an opinion?
What kinds of birds are raised by only their mothers?
What did the man say when the lobster gave him food poisoning?
What does "Maginot Line" get translated to in English?
What do you call a crayon without any wax?
How do you stop an elephant from charging?
How does Stephen Hawking refresh after a long day?
What happened to the tasty noun?
Why did the mushroom go to the party?
Did you hear about the new pill that's supposed to turn lesbian women straight?
What's Chris Brown's favourite game?
What organ in the body never dies?
Why are clickbait titles generally in the form of a question?
What kind of liquid does a pig's printer use?
What do you call a guy with a 2 inch penis?
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Did you hear about the mathematician who got out of jail?
Is it just me or is solipsism just a load of rubbish?
Where do epileptics get pizza?
What do astronomers do when they have nowhere else to turn?
What did the 3 holes in the ground say?
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long?
What do you call a fat cop?
Was the Nintendo hungry?
Why was the killer whale fired from his restaurant job?
What does a fat girl and a pallet of shingles have in common?
why was Elsa afraid of Sven?
What do you call two lesbians on a canoe?
BEAUTIFUL?
A butcher married a baker and had a kid who grew up to be what?
Did you know that Darth Vader had a wife?
Have you heard of the body of water that's killing thousands of people each year?
What do you say to a broken Xbox One?
Have you heard of the insect that's killing thousands of people each year?
What do you get when you cross menstruation and apples?
Why don't turkey vultures ever lose their luggage?
How many frat boys does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a person who wears adult diapers?
Which teachers make pupils feel good about themselves?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth?
What is E.T. short for?
How did the octopus go to the war?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call it when Batman skips church?
Why can a woman never be a good DJ?
What do you call a bee from US?
What do you call a bearded gardener?
Why can you always trust Frankenstein's monster?
How many Freudians does it take to screw their mothers?
What does a beef patty have in common with a blowjob?
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable ?
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman?
Where do suicide bombers go when they die?
What is a bed's least favourite time of year?
Do you like Wendy's?
Why did the chicken not cross the road?
What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone?
How do you tell off a toilet?
When is a dog not a dog?
So you wanna learn to speak with an Irish accent do you?
What so you call a religious dinosaur?
Can someone help me find some videos of Al Gore dancing?
Do you know the difference between a cheeseburger and a blowjob?
What is it called when Michael J. Fox smokes a joint?
Why do smarter people last longer when having sex?
What do you get when you mix an octopus with a black guy?
What is Pi squared?
How man redditors does it take to change a lightbulb?
Ever been to a Canadian mosh pit?
How many Catholic priests does it take to screw a lightbulb?
Why did the girl fall off the swing?
What is the difference between the US and yogurt?
Have any of you heard back from D yet?
You know what is blown out of proportions?
Do you know how a suicide wank works?
What is the origin of the word "Boob"?
What do you call a person who hates fat people?
If you had to describe yourself in one word, what would it be?
What will ESPN talk about if both the Hawks and Rockets make it to the NBA final?
How do you get negative inflation ?
Why do Electricians make terrible revolutionaries?
How many Psychologists does it take to change a light bulb?
How many light bulbs does it take to screw in a Soviet Russian?
How do you become really unpopular on Reddit?
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call a helicopter with a bad paint job?
Why don't you want to hang out with a dude from Chicago?
Why do divers fall out of the boat backwards?
Don't you find it Funny that after Monday(M) and Tuesday(T), the rest of the week says WTF?
What is the difference between jam and jelly?
Do you piss in the toilet before getting in the shower?
What would be the name of a gangster who makes terrible movies?
Where does a pornstar go for timeout?
What did the snail on the turtles back say?
What is Kanye's favorite Transformer?
What's black and red, flashes like hell and annoys men?
What do you get if you cross an insomniac, an agnostic, and a dyslexic?
What do French people say when they don't want to see someone ever again?
What do you call a gorilla with a harpsichord?
If you weigh a whale at a whale weigh station, where do you weigh a pie?
What did one elf girl say to the other elf girl who wasn't sharing?
Where do geographers go for a drink?
What's Paul McCartney's favourite food?
Why can't two elephants go swimming?
Did you hear about the guy who jumped off a building after drinking Alka-seltzer?
What's the last thing the ISIS fighters' wife said before she blew herself up?
What did the velociraptor say after his workout?
What's a policeman's favorite gaming console?
What do you say to Simba if he's walking too slow?
What do you call a woman with an opinion?
What kinds of birds are raised by only their mothers?
What did the man say when the lobster gave him food poisoning?
What does "Maginot Line" get translated to in English?
What do you call a crayon without any wax?
How do you stop an elephant from charging?
How does Stephen Hawking refresh after a long day?
What happened to the tasty noun?
Why did the mushroom go to the party?
Are you feeling cold right now?
To all those people who said I would be an unfit parent, have you seen the little guy lately?
What did the Jewish pedophile say?
What did one tampon say to the other?
What is Shrek's favorite book?
What did the mermaid forget to bring to math class?
What a gay spermatozoïde says to an other gay sermatozoïde ?
Why is Oedipus against swearing?
Why wasn't the plastic surgeon worried about running out of breast implants anytime soon?
What do you call a Protestant in Greece?
What is easier to pick up the heavier it gets?
What's the going rate to find out a girl isn't into you?
Did you hear about that new film on the B-17 aircraft?
What did the serial killer say before he killed his victim?
What do you call a midget psychic who escaped from prison?
What kind of bee produces milk?
What's the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo?
What's the difference between an old Greyhound station and a lobster with a double D bra size?
What the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels?
How did the medical community come up with the term PMS?
Why did Snoop Dogg bring an umbrella?
What's 10 foot long and stinks of piss?
What do you call a questionable porcine?
Why does the lead singer of Sublime hate tennis?
How do you find out that a blonde girl got a bad day?
What do you call two fruits that can't get married?
What's the difference between a cat and a comma?
What do you call someone who speaks 2 languages?
What is Forrest Gump's password?
What is the difference between a sharply dressed man on a unicycle and a dully dressed man on a bicycle?
What do you call an Italian with erectile dysfunction?
What operating system does Varys have on his computer?
Wenn ist das Nunstück git und Slotermeyer?
What do the letters D.N.A stand for?
What piece of bedding can also be known as a Mexican blanket?
What's the difference between a yoghurt and America?
Why did Anne Sullivan decide on "water "for Helen Keller's first word?
What goes blonde, brunette, blonde, brunette, blonde, brunette?
How long before I can get a haircut?
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeve?
What do you call the hairiest man in the camp?
How long is a submarine?
Why did the baker have brown hands?
What do 9/10 people enjoy?
How do you make an egg roll?
What kid of music do old people listen to?
What do onions and people have in common?
Why do Americans hate sunlight?
What do you call a black person on the moon?
What do you call a woman that raps about woman's rights?
Did you hear the one about the constipated accountant?
What do you call a porn site for celeb lookalikes?
What did Mr. Marijuana say to Mrs. Marijuana when she asked if her dress makes her look fat?
What do you get when you cross a joke and a rhetorical question?
What is the difference between a bag of cocaine and a four year old?
What did the penis say to the condom?
— What do you think about sex before marriage?
they asked a 100year old grandpa why were all the women still crazy about him?
What's better than Chrisopher Walken?
What did the egg play in the movie?
How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb?
So how do I take the gum out of my hair?
What's the difference between Acne and a Catholic priest?
What did Harry Potter say when his waiter gave him the wrong drink?
What, me? Lazy?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Why don't they sell aspirin in the rainforest?
What two places can you find a California roll?
What's A Columbian's Favorite Kind of Drink?
Did you hear Ant Man will be in Captain America 3?
How is a broken clock better than a politician?
How many police officers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What is it called when you get sick from gaming on the internet?
What would Steve Urkel say if he used The Force?
Why was Jesus such a bad carpenter?
Why should you be scared of a white person in prison?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?
What did the made-to-order breakfast dish say to Taylor Swift at the Grammys?
Why did the hipster go to bed early?
What do you call someone who only speaks one language?
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball?
Where is the best place to find hot grills?
What's the difference between Broccoli and boogers?
How does a black man laugh?
What do you call an orange elephant?
What does Joan Jett use when her lips are chapped?
Whag did one cat say to the other?
What do you call a cheap hooker?
What was the name of the meth cook who got caught stealing baked beans?
Why did Bono fall off the stage?
What was the statistician's fetish?
What do you call an Ethiopian with a dog?
Why are yogurt eaters sophisticated?
Why did the English teacher hire a midget geography nut as his lawyer?
What's grey and can't fly?
Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl going to the bathroom?
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
How do you tie two half ducks together?
A roger you say?
What do you call a spider that wants to overthrow the government?
What's a pirate's favorite sexual partner?
What's it called when you try not to get knocked unconscious by a Taser?
[Spanish Joke] Cual es el marido de la ballena?
how can you tell your girlfriend is getting fat?
where do babies come from?
What do you do if your daughter gets dirty in the laundry room?
What happened to the guy who grabbed the Viagra instead of the Allegra?
How do Israeli skiiers greet each other?
What's the difference between a Piano and a Fish?
What's the hardest thing about rollerskating?
want to know why i didnt have sex last night?
What do you call an Indian that's been hit by a car?
What do you call a robot dressed in drag?
What's the fastest way to get a female Officer to arrest you?
Why are redditors American?
Why is it better to be a hooker than a drug dealer?
What's the difference between a Greyhound station and a lobster with a boob job?
What does a German snake sound like?
How is a 9v battery like a woman's asshole?
What did the fisherman from Boston say to the magician?
Why was the calendar nervous?
What do you call a person who uses multiple accounts to upvote their own memes?
What would you do??
What's the difference between falling from the 1st and 10th floor?
Who's faster, The Flash? or Quicksilver?
What is White, Fluffy and swings through a cake shop?
Whats the last thing that went through the suicide bombers mind?
Why did the Mexican push his wife off a cliff?
didja hear about the new LGBT libretto for Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen?
Why don't you see tampons with maxi pads?
Why wouldn't the two tampons talk to each other?
How does a Metal Wizard perform his spells?
How does a Trigonometry teacher appreciate his girlfriend?
Hibernate?
How do German bread greet each other?
Gaining weight from drinking so much water?
What's red and smells like blue paint?
What do you say when you are trying to scare your girlfriend?
Which boxer did Darth Vader put his money on in the fight?
Did you hear about the Spaniard who was obsessed with Greek Mythology?
Where does honey come from?
What did the teacher do when his student's baby started crying?
1. Be born of a virgin 2. Walk on water 3. Get crucified 4. Return from the dead 5. ???
How high is a stoner sailor?
What are Benedict Cumberbatch's fans called?
What do you call a gay chickpea?
What is a gynecologist's favorite snack?
Did you hear about the couple who stole a calendar?
What's Big, White and If It falls out of a tree it will kill you?
What did the mother say to the son after he peed on the toilet seat?
What is so ironic about Atheists?
Why are there so many French orphans in the fruit isle of the grocery store?
You know how some people call their erect penis a 'hard on'?
Why didn't The Cold War happen?
Why don't Jedi mathematicians use the absolute value function?
How do sceptics introduce themselves?
- Daddy, what is the difference between potential and reality?
Why do people procrastinate?
Why do plants hate math?
What fills the entire volume of its container and may become volatile and explosive when compressed?
What do you get when you mix an insomniac, an agnostic and a dyslexic?
Did you know that after this next album, Matisyahu will be retiring?
What do you call Pegasus farts?
Why do you never see an elephant hiding in trees?
How do genetically engineered car salesmen from Boston greet their customers?
Why did Regina George's dog only play keep-away?
Geeze, how's all the news in Nepal?
What is the hardest part of watching an orphanage burn down?
What does a prostitute and a book have in common?
What does a bee do with his stinger at night?
How do you describe eating just the right amount?
Who is Hitler's favourite character in Star Wars?
Would you like to hear a joke about violence and torture?
What did the author tell his publisher when he handed him a 600 pages instead of the 200 the publisher had asked for?
What's the best part about dating a Patriots fan?
What do you call two Jews having sex?
Did you here about the kidnapping at school?
What Do You Call A Dog With Wings?
What do you call an Iguana that can't stand up straight?
Why are business men's toilet clogged?
Where would be a good place to find 25 million north korean jokes?
What do you call a showoff Texan?
Why is Pharrell Williams happy?
Where do black person go to travel cross-country?
Why can't lions ever conquer the world?
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down?
What do you call an Amish guy with his hand up a horses ass?
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
What's the difference between Males and Females?
Do you know who are the fastest readers in the world?
What do you call the boner of a necrophiliac?
If Sam McCringle can mingle with a single bag of Pringles in the time it takes to sing a single jingle, with how many Pringles did Sam McCringle mingle?
If grandmas had an award ceremony, what would it be called?
Why do Jews have big noses?
Why is the African Justice System so flawed?
Why do people order espresso shots at Starbucks?
Who's coca colas favourite rapper?
where does honey come from?
What kind of weed do reptiles smoke?
What do the films 'Titanic' and 'The Sixth Sense' have in common?
What did the anti-joker say to the joker?
How do you call an unlocked phone ?
[Game of Thrones] What happens if Ramsay Bolton met Samwell Tarly's girlfriend?
What did the physicist say to the man about to jump off a building?
How does Harry Potter travel about?
Response to "LPT: If you ever get cold..." What if your corner isn't 90 degrees?
What was Hitler's least favorite drink?
Whats the worst part of eating 11 raw oysters out of your grandmothers vagina?
What's the difference between Jews and Santa?
Why Did The NSA Worker Have To Stay In Russia?
What do you call the useless skin on the end of a penis?
What is trees' preferred drug?
What does Saddam Hussein and little Miss Moffat have in common?
What do you call someone that lives next a horse?
What does Snoop Dogg eat?
What do you call a black guy wearing an ankle bracelet?
What is yellow and incapable of swimming?
What do Dallas Cowboys fans do after they win the Super Bowl?
What game do they play at Mexican carnivals?
How many gears does a French Tank have?
How do you blind a woman?
What does a vegetarian zombie eat?
You know what isn't a joke?
How many babies does it take to make light?
What's brown, long, and sticky?
What did Timmy get for Christmas?
Why can't Thor play the piano or hide n seek with his brother?
What's the difference between Santa Claus and a Jew?
How do you make cocoa powder?
Why did the pig go into the kitchen?
What's a Neckbeard's favourite curry?
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working?
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working?
What do you get for opening the BEST Vietnamese soup joint in London?
What did the neckbeard say when he looked in the mirror?
What is the only group of cops who get in trouble when a black guy gets killed?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Where do all the orphan chickens end up?
Anyone want to know my secret to quit procrastination?
What does the hot dog say when it crosses the finish line?
A new survey shows that 90% of men masturbate in the shower, the other 10% sing. Know what they sing?
Which US national park is most welcoming to Hebrews?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
What do you name a combination Gay Conversion Camp/Coma Ward?
Who was the most racist president?
When Peter Rabbit was working as a porn star, whom did his contract require to be on the set?
What's ISIS's favorite Country Band?
What kind of TV show do felines watch?
How can you tell when a woman is faking an orgasm?
Do you know what "clitoris" is in French?
Why do tampons have strings?
What's brown and sits on a piano bench?
What's a spiders favorite way to learn?
How do you know if a black woman is pregnant?
How does Samuel L Jackson create fire with an orange?
Anyone want to hear a really Nepalling joke about an earthquake?
What does a pirate say when he turns 80?
What did the big chimmney say to the little chimmney?
What do a Jew and dollar bill have in common?
Why are Democrats stupid enough to believe in climate change?
Why didn't the cops ever charge Abraham Lincoln?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his Girlfriend?
Why is pinocchio so good in the bedroom?
What did one tampon say to the other?
Why cant you trust stairs?
What's the difference between a Circumcision and a Crucifiction?
Why was the condom angry?
How do you keep a moron in suspense?
What no running shoes and Neo-Nazis have in common?
Did you hear about the upcoming play based on the life of Elton John?
What do you call a man with a fetish for US currency who works on a dairy farm?
What does Tupperware and a sealion have in common?
Me...Lazy?
Two crows are loitering in the park; why did they get arrested?
How do you wake up Lady Gaga?
How do you win a Scandinavian race?
How is your job and your wife different?
What's the stupidest, most useless comment that can still earn you some karma?
What service do you get if you sleep in a bakery?
Why do mathematicians love talking about Jesus?
Why does the army want to only recruit married men?
What do you call a frozen swine lavatory?
How do you keep a blonde busy for years?
Will I become attractive if I swallow magnets?
How do you stop a black kid from jumping on the bed?
What do you call a pub for lesbians in circus outfits?
What do you call a white man surrounded by many black men?
What's red and bad for your teeth?
What is the worst city to be a cop in?
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a small child?
Did you hear about the guy who ate so many creole sausages that he had a fatal heart attack?
Who fills in for the president of Russia when he's on leave?
What do you call a dead pigeon?
Why don't they play poker in Africa?
Ever have sex while camping?
Why did Nobelium's car got towed away?
Did you hear the joke about Wiz Khalifa and Charlie Puth?
What do you call a fast sheep in Ireland?
What do you call a cross between a joke and a hypothetical question?
Have you heard the story when the idiot said no?
What has two legs and bleeds profusely?
Q: In church, why do they sing hymns and not hers?
Whats a hoes idea?
What did the table fan say to his boss when he couldn't get to work on time?
What do you call a pro-gamer?
What is green and has 4 wheels?
Whats black and sits at the top of the stairs?
How did the barber win the race?
What has six balls and screws everybody?
How does Moses make coffee?
What's the Difference between Jam and Jelly?
Why do Japanese Sumo wrestlers shave their legs?
Where does poor spaghetti live?
What's the most political particle?
Why did raggedy Ann get kicked out of the toy box?
How did Hellen Keller burn her ear?
What do you call two Mexican guys playing basketball?
What do you do when you're racist and all the immigrants exhaust you?
How do you break a Pollock's finger?
You know what a satisfied woman sounds like?
How do you get rid of pubic lice?
Why do black people have nightmares?
What type of gun do time travelers use?
What's black and white and red all over?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
What's the difference between a sandwich and a germanwings plane?
What did the doctor tell a welder when the welder asked if his girlfriend(a pilot) using alternative lube was giving him erectile dysfunction?
What's the different between a pilot and a pepperoni pizza?
How is a bull better then a man?
What's the difference between a football player and a bank robber?
[Not a joke] Fellow Redditors, can you help me find this thesis about morbid jokes?
Did you hear about the eel party last night?
How many people does it take to change a light bulb in Brazil?
What's the only day Asian people can have sex??
[Meta] the number of subscribers in this sub is a joke right?
Didja hear about this new rum for the LGBT market - Morgan Le Fay?
What do you call the state of having confidence?
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
What type of pasta is most likely to cheat for a musical award?
What do you call it when you get an erection at a funeral?
How do you become friends with Ben Affleck?
What do rappers like on their burritos?
Didja hear an LGBT singer just came out with a cover of that Santana Grammy-winner from a few years back?
How do you make exotic matter?
What language do British wrenches speech?
What's the best part about locking your keys in the car at an abortion clinic?
Did you hear about the tumblr user who wrote a play about foxes?
What's the difference between a cat and a politician?
What do you call a tornado holding a spork?
What do you call a sea mammal with a mission?
What did a Vegetarian Cannibal eat?
Why did so many blacks die in Vietnam?
Did you know Paul Walker had dandruff?
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
Have you ever smelled moth balls?
What did the Scotsman say when he ripped his trousers?
Post and Repost were sitting in a boat. Post fell out, so who was left?
What is it called when Albert Einstein masturbates?
What is Helen Keller's favorite color?
Would you like to hear a Helen Keller joke?
Who is trusted more than President Obama?
Hi everyone, are you all alright?
What do frozen beer, a burnt pizza, and a pregnant woman have in common?
What do you call a short mexican?
How can you tell if someone voted Green Party?
Why don't blind people like skydiving?
Why did you have to die?
Did you know Princess Diana was on the radio?
Why did Bibi Netanyahu lie on a couch licking his balls?
What do holiday parties and after school clubs have in common?
Why'd the blonde snort a line of Splenda?
Whats the difference between a dead baby and a bag of cocaine?
Why are some flowers gangsta ?
Why did the black Classic major think Oedipus was black?
What will latent pedophiles pay a hooker extra to wear?
Did you hear about the guy who got his tongue cut out by the mafia?
What do you call a fake noodle?
If a tree falls in the forest does it make a sound?
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea?
What's black and never works?
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball?
Where do poor meatballs live?
What is a ghost's favorite type of porn?
Why did Arnold Schwarzenegger cross the road?
Where does beef come from?
What is Homer Simpson's favorite rapper?
What's the difference between love, true love and showing off?
why did the ambulance cross the road?
How do you tell if someone is a safety engineer?
Whats a potheads favorite vehicle?
What was the last thing to go through Princess Diana's head before she died?
What does a buff zombie want?
What do you call couples that practice pulling out as a method of contraception?
Why do people like r/citrus?
What do you call 5 black people having sex?
What do you get if you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter?
Hey guys where do Chemists come from?
Why is there a bucket of shit at an Italian wedding?
What do you call a deer with no eye?
What does a vegan zombie eat?
What has a bottom on top?
What do gay horses eat?
Why are there not more black golfers?
What did the brown cow say to the brown chicken?
How does Moses make tea?
What was the cause for Floyd Mayweather's first loss?
Have you ever smelled mothballs?
How long does it take for mods to remove a post?
Why don't your balls like being chomped on?
What will the "Red Hot Chili Peppers" become when they die?
Anyone know a good lawyer?
What was the pedophile doing on the beach?
What did the Mexican say when the house fell on him?
What do you call a jar of mayonnaise stuck in quicksand?
Why can't Helen Keller drive?
How did the OBGYN win the election?
What is the hardest part to eat in a vegetable?
What language do farsighted people speak?
Did you hear about the guy that used ivory butt plugs?
How famous is Colin?
What's the most reliable thing about a Honda?
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts?
What did Drake say to 2Chainz as he was leaving da club?
What is Hellen Keller's favorite color?
Mom, how are babies born?
What computer monitor sings the best?
What do you call a skinned, animal-throwrug for your vehicle?
Permanently blinded people of Reddit, what is your favourite movie?
The problem with grammar nazis?
How many dead babies does it take to paint a wall?
Which US president is most responsible for unemployment in the US today?
How do you pick up older Spanish women?
What did Elsa say to her fans on Reddit?
What do you call two physicians?
What's an algebra teachers favorite animal?
what's the longest word in the dictionary?
What's 18 inches, stiff and makes girls cry all night?
Why are there so many Mike Tysons on my news feed today...?
What do you get when you cross dirty double meanings with WWI?
Why do teenage girls not like filing papers?
What's the hardest part about being a Vegan who does Crossfit and owns a Rescue dog?
How is Reddit like fencing?
In honor of Mother's day yesterday, did anyone here play jokes on their mom instead of give gifts?
When the gay guy died, why did they bury him face down?
Is Google a Boy or a Girl?
Did you hear the joke about mountains?
What was the first thing Abraham Lincoln told his friends when they asked him how he got an STD?
What do you call a hooker who specializes in anal sex?
How many pot heads does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How can you tell if something has been posted on Reddit before?
What's the difference between OP and Fed-Ex?
Did you hear about the blonde woman who has three hours of footage of raw chicken on her iPhone?
Why did Hitler save the plaster after his broken arm had healed?
What do you get when you cross a Joke with a rhetorical question?
How do Japanese people ask for rice?
What did Charlie Sheen say when he won the Tour de France?
Why do the nurses give the old men in retirement homes Viagra?
Why did the carpenter's wife leave him?
What do you call a blood-thirsty optometrist?
What happens when two blind people see each other?
How many sith lords does it take to change a light bulb?
Which art piece won the Texas Muhammad cartoon contest?
Why does Floyd Mayweather have "TGIF" written on his boxing shoes?
Did you hear about the unnecessarily large string orchestra?
What is the opposite of leapfrog?
whats the difference between your sister and a mosquito?
Did you see the headline about Mayweather being afraid to go outside in the heat?
What do you say to Floyd Mayweather after his arms have been cut off?
Whats the best part about having sex with twenty eight year olds?
What's a porn stars favorite golf course?
What do Hitler and Oprah have in common?
What political party does Jon Snow belong to?
Is there any jokes you know that's about the vegetable corn, but its only in the punchline?
What's the difference between Isaac Newton and the baby I just stabbed to death?
what's the best part about being a man?
Did you hear about the Mayweather X Pacquiao fight?
How do you know if someone's a vegan?
What do you call a broken lizard?
How do you call a sad coffee?
What does a haunted hamburger say?
Why was the Mexican called a paragraph?
What's the objective of Jewish football?
How many nuts does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What happens to a legend's career when he loses his leg?
Did you hear about the bee who married the centipede?
What's the one public place that most people still support the separation of Colors and Whites?
What's the difference between 0/1 and 0/2 ?
What does Lebron use to high jump?
What do you call a Mexican whose lost his car?
You now that fucker that always needs to have the last word?
What is the difference between a dollar and a ruble ?
what does my microwave and women have in common?
What do you call it when wolves get bad breath?
What should I give your sister for unzipping?
Have you ever try ethiopan food ?
What's the worst thing about living with Alzheimer's?
What do you do when a black person gets killed by a cop?
What do you find hanging from cherry trees?
Want to hear a good boxing joke?
What does Vin Diesel call "pin the tail on the donkey"?
How do we fix boxing?
Why don't they have werewolves in Asia?
What do you call an abortion at Hogwarts?
What did Mr. T start eating when he went on a diet?
What did the scientist who was conducting sexual experiments on dogs say to his partner?
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler?
Where did the sick boat go to get a checkup?
If a lesbian couple walks into a bar and the black bartender refuses to serve them, whose fault is it?
who enjoys sex more - man or woman?
You know why Mayweather won't beat Pacquiao?
Why did the reddit mod cross the road?
Why don't we let Google Chrome drive?
What kind of milk do the wealthiest people in the world give to their children?
What's the most outplayed joke in all of /r/jokes?
What do schizophrenic people think when they say an insensitive joke?
What did the clock say to the class?
Why did the Indian pedophile miss work?
Why does 7 make 6 nervous?
What's the main ingredient in mana potions?
What does Diana stand for?
Why was Stalin a Bad leader?
What's the difference between your job and a dead prostitute?
What is the Donner Party's favorite donut?
Why is a reflection always twice as good as the real thing?
Why was the black man arrested?
How many black people does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why did Microsoft skip to windows 10?
So, as everyone knows, two different species (flavors) of cheerios cannot mate, right?
What do you call a cow thats had a hysterectomy?
How many lesbians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call an exemplary black housewife?
Did you hear about the new bolt the apple company made?
Who leaves money under the pillows of children with LGBT parents ?
Didja hear about the LGBT DJ in Paris who'll only play 50's US rock songs?
What do aliens use to buy their coffee?
What do you call a Jamaican guy on the internet?
Why did the 80-year-old man call his dick Jesus?
If Jesus had been LGBT, what would Pilate now be known for asking?
What is the Dothraki font of choice?
How does a Muslim close the door?
Did you know John Travolta's home has an airport in it?
What does an LGBT rabbi call a blessing?
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
Did you hear about the guy who illegally downloaded Free Fallin' and Refugee?
What did the shirt say to the pants?
What's black and loves to destroy Baltimore?
Why was the Instagram star so bad at making coffee?
What should you do when your girlfriend starts smoking??
what's a slice of cheese's secret fetish?
What do your mom and the Baltimore Police have in common?
What's your favorite pick up line?
Jimmy: Khaleesi, of course means Queen. What's your real name again?
Whats the difference between Taylor Swift and Adele?
Can we just change the phrase "Transgender" to "Transjenner"?
What's bright, red and orange and looks good on hippies?
How do cops get rid of flies?
What did the drunkard say when he walked into an Israeli bar?
What do a Cloudy Night and Dancing With The Stars have in common?
What do you call an autistic stoner?
What happens when a muppet gives you a blowjob?
What do you call a talent show where they try to discover a porn star with singing talent?
what is the cruelest joke of all?
What do you get if you dont finish your meal at a cannibalistic restaurant?
What is the difference between a snowman and a snow woman?
How do you stop a mexican tank?
Why do baked goods always have an urge for sex?
Why did Charles Darwin become a scientist?
Hi, what's your name?
What's the difference between an airplane bathroom and your mom?
What is a dog's favorite thing about living in a house?
Wanna hear a joke?
What do you call a Jamaican motorcycle?
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?
Old rich white men selecting strong young black men to work on their fields?
What would you call a restaurant for anorexics?
Why do jews get their penises circumcised?
Did you hear there's a new LGBT kung fu actor making films now?
What was Bruce Lees vegetarian brothers name?
Did you know that Stalin had a girlfriend that cheated on him?
What did Sacagawea the frog say in the trampoline factory?
Wanna hear a joke?
What do you call a christian crawdad?
What does an LGBT orthodontist make most of his money off of ?
What kind of pickles does Miley Cyrus like in her relish?
What is an angel's favorite font?
What's in a divorce fruit salad?
What's in an STD salad?
Did you guys hear about the shoe store that got looted in Baltimore?
What's in a honeymoon salad?
What do you get when you get in a fight with the Los Angeles Lakers lead point scorer?
Would you remarry if I die?
How cute does someone have to be for sparks to fly?
What is the scariest thing about a white man in prison?
What did the pastry from Denmark say to the pastry from Norway?
[On a date] Date: So what do you do?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
Which part of the cabbage don't you eat?
What do call a white guy in a burning building?
What do snakes take to combat their allergies?
What's it called when you look in the mirror and say "jesus christ I look good"?
How did the king die?
What does your hot mom where under her skirt?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
Guess what?
What if Voldemort's last horcrux was his virginity?
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?
Did you hear about the blind engineer ?
What do you call a squashed Italian?
Where do the happy people of Baltimore live?
What did the farmer say to the chocolate cow?
What type of drugs do ducks use?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why did the sperm cross the road?
What happens when you mix mustard and ketchup together?
Why do java programmers need to wear glasses?
You know they've had sex change operations for men for a while now, right?
What do you call an insect that talks under its breath?
What do tornados and black people have in common?
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many rioters does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call a woman who uses Vagisil?
What do you call 1000 Jews on a train?
Have you guys seen the movie called "Constipation"?
Why are people in silicon valley better coders than others?
My cat deleted my final thesis. Don't believe me?
Did you hear about the woman who had to quit her job as an air traffic controller to date a monk?
Why do tigers have stripes?
Wanna hear a bondage joke?
Who sang at the funeral of those who died in a railroads arson?
Why can't the cops keep calm and carry on ?
What do you call your girlfriend after a tough workout?
Why are periods called "Aunt Flo"?
What's Gemma Teller's favorite herb?
Did you hear about the movie Constipation?
What do you call Murayan Sukumaran's new wife?
What do you call a beast made entirely from egg whites?
There are 10 types of people... too highbrow?
Why couldn't the pregnent women watch all of the Harry Potter movies?
Did you hear the joke about your mother's cooking?
What do you give someone who is about to tear up?
Why can't the motorcycle get up on its own?
How do you describe a Swede, who's not really a Swede?
Why did Minnie Mouse break-up with Mickey Mouse?
Did you hear about the toilet at The Duggars' house?
What's the Difference?
Wanna know why they burnt down the cvs pharmacy in Baltimore?
Why are Jews noses so big?
What's the difference between a joke and a rhetorical question?
What do you get when you cross worms with elephants?
Why did the ocean take a bath?
What do you call unborn twins?
Why do so many Asians wear glasses?
Did you hear the latest joke about Baltimore?
Why do all the best golfers keeping buying socks?
What's the difference between America and a yogurt?
How many black people does it take to start a riot?
What did jesus say to the romans after he rose on the third day and talked about their behavior?
If a bored JAP says "Sam the ceiling needs painting" during sex, what does a bored gay say?
What is wrong with a turtle who can't come out of his shell?
Why did the nazi work in the animal hospital after the war?
When does a pedophile enjoy a basketball match the most?
What are they gonna start calling plastic surgery for sagging boobs on elderly transgender women?
What's a bigger problem, ignorance or apathy?
Didja hear they're developing a new gameshow targeted specifically at an LGBT audience?
Why do black guys have red eyes after sex?
What do you do before deploying a tickle into production?
What did the duck say when she bought some lipstick?
What mythical creature is the most bloody?
Why can't you trust an atom?
How did Watson and crick blow their chance with a hot girl?
What's easier to pick up the heavier they get?
What is the only law enforcement agency that will get in trouble if a black man is shot?
Why did the Nazi chase the waiter?
[Idea] - What if you could chose not to show (self.Jokes) tag so people don't know it's a joke untill you se the punchline/story?
How come you never see any Albino porn?
What an old women's vagina taste like?
How many liberals does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why can't you trust a Lithium Ion battery?
How do you make fat look good?
What's the difference between a hippy and a hockey player?
What happens when you get a lot of electroshocks within a short period of time?
What does a Canadian get by mixing black and white?
What's the number for Baltimore chiropractic services?
What did Orville say when Keith Harris died?
Why did the USA invade Panama?
What did the terrorist say to the waiter after his meal?
Why should you never give Elsa a balloon?
How do you like your eggs?
Didja hear that Hershey's is bringing out a new LGBT candy-bar?
Did you hear they're gonna make a new TV show about Bruce growing up as an unloved child?
Did you hear Ben and Jerry are going to bring out a special line of LGBT ice-cream?
How many Vietnam vets does it take the screw in a light bulb?
What will they now use on photos for LGBT magazines?
What does an LGBT couple do to show affection?
If Bruce decides to become a comedienne, what will his stage-name be?
What will they now call hormonally-induced knockers on men?
What does Kayne West masturbate to?
Did you hear about the new line of LGBT costume-jewelry the Kardashians are bringing out?
What was the philosopher's favorite toy growing up?
After his final sex-change operation, what kind of wood won't Bruce have any more?
How are all these African-American's able to take off time from work to riot in Baltimore?
Doctor: Nurse, how is that little girl doing who swallowed ten quarters last night?
What's the riddle?
What kind of game are Americans worst at?
What do Romans use to cut their pizza?
What’s the difference between your wife and your job?
What do nuns do when they get horny?
Remember World War II? Now close your eyes and imagine?
Why do men get their great ideas in bed?
How do you trace a scatter plot?
Hey do you know Deanda?
What did one repost say to another?
You hear the one about the Blind Prostitute?
What do you call a hippy's wife?
What's a Web Developer's favourite tea?
How do you feel if subjected to temperatures of absolute zero?
Where can you go to send a soul to heaven?
Why did little Jimmy cross the road?
What does the Saudi Paralympics team consist of?
What brings a Jewish family closer together?
What if they had a call center where they call you everyday with a mission to make you laugh?
Why do porn stars hate driving?
What's it called when two perfectionists sleep together?
What did the county Sheriff say about the black man who was shot 15 times?
How do you know if Helen Keller just masturbated?
What's a cats favorite color?
Why do french tanks have rear-view mirrors?
What two planets should we keep clean?
Heard about the Berlin Comedy Club in the 1940s?
What's the difference between the TSA, prostitutes, and doctors?
Why should you serve Eggs Benedict on shiny metal dishes?
GOT NUTS?
How does an Australian shave?
How do you recognize a rich ethiopian?
What do you call a french guy wearing sandals?
How do you fit an elephant in a Safeway bag?
What is the difference between the regular police and the secret service?
What did MC Hammer say to his wife when she caught him cheating?
What happens when you give a cow marijuana?
Why did the chicken get into so much trouble?
What's the Only Planet That Gives a Crap?
Why did Star Wars episodes 4, 5, and 6 come before 1, 2, and 3?
[OC] How does Haskell like his food?
What kind of dogs are full of Chinese scientists?
What did the bun say to the hot dog?
What's the difference of a wife after 10 years of marriage and the Simpsons' new episodes after 10 years on the air?
How do you stop ISIS?
What's black and sits at the top of the stairs ?
Why don't hipsters like fishing?
What did the Klondike Bar say to Jesus?
What's the benefit of having sex with 24 year olds?
Got Abs bro?
What's brown and sounds like a bell?
Did you know that Hillary's planning on being the first TG President?
What is worse than bad grammar?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many drummers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What can conspiracy theorists never explain?
Why do so many kids die in high school massacres?
(Serious) What do you think Michael Hastings was working on before he died?
What's the hardest part of being a gay black cop?
Have you heard the one about the bed?
How do you make a horomone?
What do you call a guy in a lot of debt?
Why is Quicksilver so fast?
What game do two strangers with Social Anxiety play?
How do you spell moron?
Why was the ant so confused?
How do you start a rave party in Africa without a soundsystem?
Did you hear the one about the Virgin marrying the Supermodel?
What's the difference between three dicks and a joke?
What do you call someone who doesn't like The Simpsons?
Would you watch a turkey dance?
What is a seal's favorite drink?
Where did the dog find her husband?
How do you get the political science grad off your lawn?
What do poor people drink?
Where should you drown a hipster?
How many dead prostitutes we need to change a lightbulb ?
What do Jews drive?
What did the soldering iron say to the capacitor?
What sound does a gun made from church seating make?
What's the difference between a turkey sandwich and a ham sandwich?
Did you hear about the lady who ate her dog?
What do potheads do when they see a fire?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
Tell me your best joke?
Who would win a fight between an octopus and a shark?
Why didn't the lesbian go to the bread festival?
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
Why did the pervert cross the road?
Why don't tampons talk to maxi-pads?
Where can you find Scandinavia?
What did the radioactive sample say to the other radioactive sample?
What's the difference between a pizza and a bass player?
Want to hear a two word joke?
What web page do orphans visit the most?
How did the captain describe the newborn puppy?
what's the difference between BMW and a Porky Pine?
What's the first rule for hitting on girls?
What did the Palestinians do to honour Yasser Arafat when he died?
how many straight Vassar men does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the worse thing to do to a blind person?
If apples come from apple seeds and tomatoes come from tomato seeds, how come nothing is sprouting from the bird seeds I planted?
Whats the difference between jam and jelly?
Anyone know any good "walks into a bar" type jokes?
What's a Californians favorite type of comedy?
What did the escalator say to the elevator?
What game do old black people play?
Why's the necrophiliac's blow up doll half inflated?
Which Nazi leader likes the Bulls the most?
What do you call a pile of kittens?
Why don't White Elephants run?
How do you get rid of an obese demon?
What do you call a fish that's good at trading favors?
Did you hear the news about the CEO of Ford?
There are hundreds of features on a brand-new BMW; heated seats, bluetooth audio, laser-headlights, etc... Which among them goes completely ignored?
"What do you call someone who makes cakes in San Francisco?
Did you hear the one about the cannibal who passed his nephew in the jungle?
What would you call the Flintstones if they were black?
Why were the coffee beans upset?
What do you call patriotic pubes?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
How many dead babies does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's with all of these racist jokes on reddit?
Why did the researchers stopped their research on embryos?
If you're an American outside the bathroom what are you inside the bathroom?
How do you confuse a Jew?
Whats a potheads favorite vehicle?
What was the last thing to go through Princess Diana's head before she died?
What does a buff zombie want?
What do you call couples that practice pulling out as a method of contraception?
Why do people like r/citrus?
What do you call 5 black people having sex?
What do you get if you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter?
Hey guys where do Chemists come from?
Why is there a bucket of shit at an Italian wedding?
What do you call a deer with no eye?
What does a vegan zombie eat?
What has a bottom on top?
What do gay horses eat?
Why are there not more black golfers?
What did the brown cow say to the brown chicken?
How does Moses make tea?
What was the cause for Floyd Mayweather's first loss?
Have you ever smelled mothballs?
How long does it take for mods to remove a post?
Why don't your balls like being chomped on?
How do you make an octopus laugh?
What do you get when you cross a dyslexic, an insomniac, and an agnostic?
Wanna hear a joke?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
What did Professor X said when Cyclops whipped out his penis?
What kind of car does depressed Daniel drive?
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do ya call it when a lizard goes completely limp?
What's the deal with airplane peanuts?
Can you believe they got back together after all that shit?
How do you combat espionage?
What do you call a frisbee that's more than a friend?
How does one even?
What should you do when push comes to shove?
What do you call a dancing cow?
If you had nuts on your truck would they be truck nuts?
What starts with "F" and ends with "K"?
What did Dr. Evil say when he fell in the rancor pit?
Why do ducks try to avoid eating out?
Hey, want to hear a rape joke? No?
Why did the little Dutch boy have to register as a sex offender?
What was Rob Bartlett's go-to line in his WackyPaki comedian routine?
TBT - What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a screwdriver?
What's worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm in it? Finding half a worm in it. And what's worse than that?
Did you hear about the new gay sitcom?
Did you hear about the lunatic who tried swimming in the river in Paris?
Why did the elephant take off his socks at the golf course?
What do you call a tree that lost its family in a forrest fire?
Hey Goku, with how many women have you been with?
What's a joke?
What do you call pickled bread?
What do you get when you cross a lion with a stone?
Where did Mary go after the explosion?
Why was the jacket stinky?
What do you call a lizard who can't easily have sex?
What did the fish say when it hit a wall?
What's the difference between a Lentil and a Chickpea?
What do you call an existential lycanthrope?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How was copper wire invented?
What did Zelda tell Link when he couldn't unlock the door?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
Why is Sigma good at sharing?
Do you have small pox?
What is a UPS worker's favorite cloud service?
What's the difference between your girlfriend's yeast infection and the brand of peanut butter your Mom used?
do you know how many Viet Nam vets it takes to change a light bulb?
Why did the coach prohibit the blonde from giving any bj's to the team?
What did the robot say to the centipede?
Do you know why the feminist went to church?
What's the best vegetable to bring to a party?
How is a women and peanut butter the same?
What do you call a jewish eskimo?
Why didn't Mario put more toppings on his pizza?
Can you find the the mistake...?
What is the difference between a baby and a bag of cocaine?
What do you do if your daughter starts smoking?
What do you get the girl who has everything?
What did the older terrorist say to the younger terrorist before he headed out for a party?
Out of 10 puns chosen at random, how many actually made people laugh?
Why did got object to the wedding between the catholic man and the catholic woman?
What's your favorite kind of Bee?
Did you know I can raise the dead?
What does Tony Romo and a porn star have in common?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
What's the difference between America and cereal?
Is this the Krusty Krab?
What did the pirate say after he turned 80?
How do you make the letter "H" healthy?
What did the man without a voicebox say to the person next to him?
Did I tell you that my girlfriend has the flu?
why do girls or guys who look 8/10 go hunched?
How does a train sneeze?
What did the conductor do when half of the cello section called in sick a week before a major concert?
What the difference between a pancake?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
What's the definition of "Trust"?
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft?
Why Couldn't the Billionaire Fit through the circular door?
Why are they called dive bars?
Wanna hear a joke?
Nan, what is death?
What do you get when you combine a joke with a rhetorical question?
What do you call 5 black people having sex?
What did one Mexican say to the other Mexican?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Did you hear about the predator in the bushes?
cop: did you kill this man?
Why do people like listening to sex noises?
What do you call a wrecked Irishman?
What does glass taste like?
Why are there no gay men in the army reserves?
You heard the rumor going around about butter?
What happens when you put the Energizer bunny's batteries in backwards?
Are you going to the BBQ?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What do people call Mozart and Beethoven after they died?
What did the zombie say at the urinal?
How do you get a goldfish's attention?
What does an elephant use for a vibrator?
How many black people does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you get when a physics teacher own you ?
What do you call it when a redhead goes nuts?
Are you a tennis racquet salesman?
Wanna hear a joke about blimps?
How can you tell the difference between normal and self-raising flour?
Why couldn't the children see their father after his sex change?
How can a black woman tell if she is pregnant?
Yesterday I told someone that I don't like babies?
How do fish get high?
Why do some loudspeakers have holes?
How many engineers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why did the terrorist blow up the playground?
Did you hear that Tropicana funded the Nazi campaign?
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off?
Why can't Jesus roller skate?
Why doesn't op deliver?
What would happen if the Illuminati and Half-Life 3 agreed with each other?
How do you tell the difference between a male chromosome and a female chromosome?
How do you bring a joke to the front page?
What state has the best small sized soft drink?
What did one orphan say to the other?
How do you piss off a redditor?
Is okay to laugh if Hitler jokes are considered to be the vorst?
What's the difference between a porcupine and a ferrari?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
Did you hear about the pessimistic man who was missing a chromosome?
What's the one thing that will kill you if you kill it?
Why was Hitler born on 4/20?
What is the difference between a baby and a stamp?
Why did Luke Skywalker bluff in a game of poker?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
Did you guys see that post about ISIS and Taliban announcing jihad against each other?
What was Hitler's favorite class in high school?
Today is Hitler´s birthday. How about a hitler joke?
What does a mermaid stoner smoke?
What do you need to make a crystal salad?
What's a Mexican's favourite letter?
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What comes after Egypt?
What did one turtle say to the other eel?
How do you keep a sub in suspense?
What's Chris Browns favorite sport?
What is the weather report for Hitler's birthday?
What makes a Mexican saddest about the rise of ebooks?
Did you here about the scientist who got cooled to absolute zero?
How do you embarrass an archaeologist?
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer?
How do you throw a party in space?
What's the difference between a lawyer and a catfish?
Why was the broom late?
What's the difference between a white orgy and a black orgy?
How do dog catchers get paid?
What's the difference between a politician and a comedian?
What cuts four farts in the morning, two farts at midday, and three farts in the evening?
What do you call the feeling of being unable to urinate beside a friend?
What is Whitney houstons favorite type of coordination?
What's the difference between a joke and your friend's blog?
What is the Puerto Rican national anthem?
Is my "that's what she said" joke funny for native speakers?
What do u call an ethopian with a feather up his ass?
What did the melon say to the banana when it proposed?
What do u call an ethopian with a slice of cheese on his head?
What's a pirates favorite letter?
Why doesn't Dwayne Johnson's downstairs neighbor understand references to current events?
What do you call a comatose Pope?
Did you hear about the dyslexic who tried to commit suicide?
What do necrophiliacs get at funerals?
How do you keep someone curious?
What could Boston Marathon Bombers do that Hitler couldn't?
What do you get when if you cross an insomniac, a dyslexic and an agnostic?
You heard about the first woman to ever die of a marijuana overdose?
What smells better raw meat or a baby?
Why is salsa dancing so popular?
What's the difference between an old bus stop and a lobster with large breasts?
Where do you find the hottest Jews?
What did Russians used to light their houses with before candles?
What are Mozart and Beethoven up to these days?
Why did all the sea monsters refer to the kraken as a whore when he died?
How do you make five pounds of fat look good?
Why is Italy shaped like a boot?
Why did the Lebo die?
What is the difference between a cat and a comma?
What's the definition of a will?
April Showers bring May Flowers. What do May Flowers bring?
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea?
What does Han Solo see looking into the mirror?
Where do beers go to pick up girls?
What is an Iraqi children on a playground doing?
What did the man say when he realized the boy who asked him out was an orphan?
What's a procrastinator's favorite punchline?
Did you hear about the boy born with no eyelids?
What do you call an antelope that's really bad at being an antelope?
What did the druggie scientist say when he got high on Helium?
What's the difference between jam and marmalade?
What is the issue with Dr. Dre's releases?
what do you call a gay dyslexic?
What kind of vehicle swerved to miss a talking lizard in the road?
How come Barbie never got pregnant?
Why can't you talk to spiders who get shut in pianos?
Why did the gay man sue the mental hospital?
Q: What happens when a professor teaches for a decade?
Where are you only allowed to swim if you have red hair, a lip piercing, three brothers, a missing finger, are slightly overweight and have a birthday in december?
What did all of the birds do to the bird that couldn't fly?
What do you call a Roman transvestite?
What do you call a deer missing an eye?
ELI5: what is it like being 6?
What does puritan Mario do with witches?
What's Whitney Houston's favourite coordination?
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway bag?
How do you stay hidden in the Desert?
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks "why the long face"?
What did the tampon say to the other tampon?
What does DNA stand for?
What do you call a group of pirates having sex?
Why don't Muslims eat pork?
How many cops does it take to push a black man down a flight of stairs?
Why do clouds make good Kings?
What is your best deez nuts joke?
How do you make a man like 10 pounds of fat?
What do you call a black man on the moon?
What was Hitler's amplifier called?
Why do french tanks have rear mirrors?
What did the pickle say to the cucumber?
Why are there no black characters in clue?
Can your penis reach your asshole?
Why can't a bicycle stand on its own?
What does a woman and KFC have in common?
Wife: If i’m lost, then what you do?
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car?
Dear readers of reddit, What is the best insult/comeback you've ever thrown down?
Wanna hear a medically incorrect racist joke?
What did Tupac say when his best friend died?
What is the difference between a rooster and a prostitute?
Did you hear about the beef jerky manufacturer who was convicted of fraud?
Want to hear a sex joke?
How do you make an idiot easily wait ?
What do you get if you cross an alligator with Sherlock Holmes ?
Why is a Camel called the ship of the ship of the desert?
Why dogs sniff each others assholes?
What did the fucking zombie say?
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb?
How do you get out of tipping on a $100 order?
What man knows the way to a girl's heart more than any other?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish man?
What do you call a gay Russian?
How do we know Julius Caesar wasn't gay?
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you say to an unemployed Rastafarian?
what's the most common allergy among gay men?
What's green and smells like bacon?
Whats the difference between oral sex and anal sex?
What do a clitoris,an anniversary and a toilet have in common???
What is the last thing on a Mosquito's mind when it hits a car windshield?
Two men in a bar?
How do you hit on a Jewish girl?
Whats the #1 crime associated with cell phones?
Did you haer about the dyslexic insomniac atheist?
What do you call a blonde standing on her head?
What do you call a black guy that goes into space?
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhinoceros?
What can you use to fill your butt crack?
What does a dyslexic zombie eat?
What did the Elevator say to the Escalator?
Another TSA groping scandal?
Why do Canadians wear tuques?
Why don't boxers have sex before a fight?
Where do hipsters drown?
How do you spell Canda?
What is it called when you dream in color?
What's the difference between a racist and a liberal?
What's the best thing about having sex with an 8 year old girl?
Why are police officers great musicians?
Did you know they now sell 30 tog blankets?
What do you call a boy with no arms and an eye patch?
What does Nixon's Head use to thicken up étouffée?
Did you hear they invented a new logical fallacy, the "ad homonym" attack?
How does a Nazi high five?
What do you call a giant squid who runs a tow service in Indonesia?
What did one orphan say to the other?
What kind of work out do parrots have on leg day?
Q. Did you hear about the blind man who went bungee jumping?
What was the Christian plastic surgeons specialty?
If a honey bee makes honey, what kind of bee makes milk?
Why is yellow afraid of red?
What did the ocean say to the shore?
What is an electrician's favorite vehicle?
what do you call a feminist who loves to swallow?
What do you call a guy who's into beastiality?
What is the difference between a drinking establishment and an elephant's fart?
Did you hear the inventor of cough lollies died last week?
Why did Yellow divorce Red?
How many trolls does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call someone who knows a lot about sea life?
what do 9 out of 10 people enjoy?
What did the rapper ask the pet sitter when he got back from vacation?
What's up?
What do you get when you cross a black and a mexican?
What's the difference between a cockerel and a prostitute?
What do you call someone who constantly talks shit to horses?
Have you ever tried real Ethiopian food?
Which dinosaur walks with a limp?
Did you hear about the dog who went to the flea circus?
WHY DID THE KOALA FALL OUT OF THE TREE?
Yo girl, is your name Aaron Hernandez?
What do you call a row of rabbits walking backwards?
What is the difference between a 2 year old and a bag of cocaine?
Why was 'EE' acting so funny?
Why do lawyers like women with large tits and tight pussies?
What do you call a handjob from a rocket scientist?
What do you call a pile of cats?
How often do women become completely unreasonable?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What will the first female Mexican head of state be called?
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday?
What type of belly buttons do cars have?
What's red and bad for your teeth?
How do you make a pool table laugh?
What did one German baker say to the other?
What's the inverse of Kansas?
Have you seen bofa lately?
Why don't you starve in the desert?
Did you guys know that my son is a really big star?
I will never forget the last thing my grandma said to me right before she died on her death bed in the hospital?
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the difference between a Grayhound station and a lobster who got a boob job?
What did Captain Cook say to his men just before they got back in the ship?
Why did the USSR have so many lower case letters?
Why do you never see people with disabilities in North Korea?
Why did Poland lose to Germany so quickly in WW2?
How do you castrate a guy from Kentucky?
What's the diff between a rich man and a poor man?
Foreigner?
What's the difference between a Priest and Acne?
Why was there a whale in Wales in a well?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
What do you call an extremely flamboyant loaf of bread?
What’s the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer?
Why is North Korea disliked by South Korea?
Did you hear about the time when King Arthur slept with another woman?
What does a gay horse eat?
What do you get if you drop a piano down a mine shaft?
What game do Africans play everyday?
Why did the cannibal get banned from the hospital?
Why are me and my friends so nosey?
Why are gay people always confused?
What do you call a rich black man?
What do you call an unfinished Tennis match?
How many tickles does it take to make a japanese girl laugh?
What do you call a dog with no hind legs and stainless steel testicles?
What brand of butter do frogs eat?
What do you get when you cross a foot with cookware?
Why couldn't the NSA whistleblower leave Russia?
Did you hear about the guy who designed the monorail?
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway shopping cart?
What did the homophobic dad say when he heard his gay son was in a coma?
What does a stoner do to work out?
Why don't plumbers ride bikes?
What did the Mexican lab technician say when he read the blood tests of a patient who's been showing no improvement?
How do you make Holy Water?
How much blow can Charlie Sheen do?
How tall do you have to be to ride a Kanye West rollercoaster?
What does the Pillsbury Doughboy see when he looks down?
What did the Buddhist say when asked if he'd like to move from Tibet to North Korea?
How many Vietnam War Veterans does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why is a redneck wedding and a tornado alike?
What do you call Harrison Ford making a Venn diagram?
What did the farmer say when he tried to milk the cow, but nothing came out?
How do you know if someone owns an Apple Watch?
Why did the police officer shoot himself in the face?
How do you know Bono is selfish?
What did the douchebag say to the chemist when he dropped his beaker?
How do you get gum out of hair?
How many shrinks does it take to change a tire?
Why is Vladimir Putin always Russian?
What did the crop say to the Farmer?
Did you know women are fantastic at exactly 70 things?
Who is Hitlers least favourate character in star wars?
How much energy does hova's DeLorean require?
What's the difference between a man and a woman?
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rabbit?
What do the Greeks sing while at sea?
Who was the funniest Communist?
What did Courtney Love say before shooting Kurt Cobain?
What would the US form of government be if the founding fathers had been atheist?
What's the difference between an incomplete riddle?
What kind of candy is Hitler?
Did you hear about the mechanic who accidentally punctured the wheels of his car?
What do you get if you play a C&W song backwards?
What's a snake's favorite subject?
Why is there such a big war in the Middle East?
Why are the news media like a prostitute?
What is the difference between a Ford car and a porcupine?
What's Paul Walker's favorite energy drink???
Did you guys hear about the girl that had three vaginas?
What's Scrooge's favourite food?
A guy pissed off 7 bears and is getting chased! How do you describe the bears?
Did you hear about the fire at the circus?
Why don't plumbers like to work on instant hot water heaters?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
Did you hear about the kidnapping in school?
What is the only thing on earth that goes "ha ha" on a Monday?
What does Hilter get when he's scared?
What do you call Brienne's Dad?
Why Didn't* the Chicken Cross the Road?
Why are lemons yellow?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
How do you tell the difference between a Chemist and a Plumber?
Where does a mathematician go when he gets hurt?
What's the difference between in-laws and outlaws?
What did the Romans say to each other after crucifying Jesus?
How many prostitutes does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why did the calculator pay $100 for a pack of cigarettes?
What kind of medicine do Ants use when they have eye problems?
What are you Johnny...?
What's the difference between a blowjob and a burger?
What Super Models should you invite to your birthday party ?
How did the hipster got his tongue burnt?
What do you call a herd of masturbating cows?
What car is so cheap that anyone could purchase it?
Whats Paul Walker's favorite TV show?
Hey! Wanna hear my Ebola joke?
What is the difference between a divorce and a hurricane in the south?
Whet is the difference betwen scouts and jews?
What do you call a person who keeps falling over?
How do you catch a unique animal?
Why do we call dogs, K-9?
How is parsley and pubic hair alike?
Where do people go for pasta related crimes?
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working?
Why does a middle eastern person not give a blowjob to an American?
What do you call a midget with Down's Syndrome who arrives to class late?
Knock Knock. Who's there?
Who is more enthusiastic about performing oral sex, fat men or skinny men?
What's the first step to making your favorite Jewish dish?
Why was Sean Connery accused of piracy while drinking tea?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
How do you confuse a blonde?
What does a pizza delivery boy and a gynecologist have in common?
Why is it a bad idea to snort cocaine out of someone's butthole?
What do you call the angel in charge of hydroelectrics?
What did the vacuum cleaner salesman say?
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the Batmobile?
Knock knock. Who's there? To. To who?
Why should you never go down on a girl the morning after a night of sex?
What do you call a cow that doesn't produce milk?
What do you call a marine animal who under-performs at the vegetable academy?
Why does Peter Pan always fly?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
What do you call a black man flying plane?
Why do Africans get scared when they get diarrhea?
Why does the Vanu Sovereignty hate plastic bags?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl taking a leak?
How do you spell "laughing out loud" by using binary?
How many people work in the Lada factory?
How do you get honey from a graveyard?
Why didn't the bird cross the road?
What do you call a hapoy frog?
How do you prove that your dog loves you more than your wife?
Why do pills bottles have cotton in them?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
What do you call alternative medicine that works?
How do you find Ronald McDonald in a room full of naked clowns?
What do you call an elephant in a phone booth?
What do firemen and Eastern European prostitutes have in common?
Why did the pimp cross the lawn?
What did the lonely clock say to the other?
What do Stephan Harper and pennies have in common?
Why does a German always have the last laugh?
What did one boob say to the other?
Who translated "The Flat-Chested Woman" from the original Russian?
Girl: Why should I shave my downstairs?
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and acne?
What do you call Asian quadruplets?
Why are shoes always tied in the ghetto?
What do you get when you cross a rhetorical question with a joke?
What's black and white and red all over?
Did you hear about the zoo with only one dog?
Why is Al Gore bad at dancing?
Guys, how can you tell the girl your having sex with is faking an orgasm?
Why did they name themselves AC/DC?
How do you lose 30 pounds in 1 Minute?
What has 5 eyes?
How do you call 8 Hobbits?
What do you call a promiscuous egg?
What do you call a school that teaches you how to draw hairy butts?
What started feminism?
If 50 cent went broke what would he still have?
Q: How old is Tyrion Lannister?
Where did Mary go when the bombs went off?
What did Diane Feinstein say when her water broke?
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippy?
What is the difference between your wife and your job?
What's Forest Gumps password?
Is your last name Stilton?
Why did god give women two sets of lips?
What did Pongo say to Goofy at the Annual Disney Dog Conference?
Why would Adrian Peterson be a great baseball player?
Why was the lion a terrible cannibal?
What is Kanye West's favorite breakfast food?
Why is Wendy never pregnant?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Oh, you were sexually harassed in the workplace?
What did the carpenter say to the girl he loved?
Someone shit in your fridge?
What did the car say when it's front wheels were stolen?
What is the scariest thing about a white man in jail?
Palpatine what was your involvement in 9/11?
What do you get when you cross Michael Jackson with the Karate Kid?
Ever heard of the movie "Constipation"?
Did you hear about the sailor who had something in his back yard?
How do they separate the men from the boys in Athens?
What's the pink panther's to do list?
How did Jesus walk on water?
What's the difference between Ray Charles and Ray Rice?
Why Are Mexican & Black Jokes Overdone?
What's the most awkward U.S state?
What did Will Smith say to Carleton when he asked if he was ready to leave their yoga class?
Why did Snoop Dogg bring an umbrella?
Why did the hipster where a toque in the summer?
What do you call an Arab flying a plane?
How are college students like plants?
When is a woman too fat to fuck?
Why did the hipster cross the Brooklyn bridge?
Why do Seagulls live by the Sea?
Which Greek Philosopher was the easiest to manipulate?
What's the fastest thing on land?
What is Whitney Houston's favorite kind of coordination?
What do you call a blind dinosaur?
Did you hear about the bus driver that got a really good deal on a new bus made completely out of titanium?
What did the scientist say when a stranger came inside his lab?
How would you describe a joke about bones?
What does a physicist text when he's mad and being short with someone?
Why did C++ look down at C?
What did the Egyptian Pharaoh do when he got caught in traffic?
What if 85% of Homeless veterans are 2LTs lost on a land navigation course?
What do you call a one-eyed deer?
What's the best angle to tackle a problem?
Why did the Carpenters wife leave him?
What do a totalitarian mallard and a potato in an air vent have in common?
Where do black Jewish people go ?
Can orphans eat at a family restaurant?
What has 72 teeth and can hold back the Incredible Hulk?
Why wasn't Cinderella good at sports?
What's the hardest part breaking up with a Japanese girlfriend?
What did the brick say to the rock?
How many controlled oposition does it take to change a light bulb?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom?
What do you call an angry pastry?
What did the fish say when he hit concrete?
Why don't black people like tylenol?
Can I help you?
What did the little Chinese boy get for Christmas?
What language does a patio speak?
What are your thoughts on monorails?
Why did the Korean restaurant have a lesbian appreciation day?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
Did you see the clown that hides from morons?
What mental disorder did the serial killer who stabbed his victim 23 times have?
Why did the eskimo spend 3 hours arguing with the return counter?
Have you ever heard Yoko Ono sing?
Why are Asian students so smart?
Did you hear Richie Benaud died today?
IS YOUR REFRIGERATOR RUNNING?
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy?
What causes arthritis?
What does a mathematician do when he is constipated?
What it Princess Zelda's favorite food?
How do you get a date on Tinder?
Why do you put a fence around a graveyard?
What did the artist ask Shakespeare when he was sketching his portrait?
What gets you a downvote?
Have you heard the one about the insomniac, agnostic, dyslexic?
If a stack is first in last out and a queue is first in first out, what is a circular queue?
Why does Dr. Pepper come in bottles?
What's the difference between an oyster shucker with epilepsy and a prostitute with diarrhea?
What is the most-ignored rule in a convent?
What's the worst thing a girl can wear to bed?
What would George "Kingfish" Stevens say about Obama if he were alive today?
After 50 long years, you promise not to tell?
What do you call a rising poll?
Why couldn't Dracula ever get a good blow-job?
What do you call it when three french cats get into a boat only meant for two?
Why did Angelina get wanderlust after her double-masectomy?
Why do sumo wrestles shave their legs?
What's the difference between Haribo candies and blowjobs from an old lady while wearing no condom ?
Why can't you fool an aborted fetus?
Did you know that FDR's collection of pet kangaroos were purposely written out of the history books?
What did the doctor say to the man that broke his arm?
What has two wings and a halo?
When will a proper female AI be made?
What do you call a mexican cyclops?
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when Sylvester Stallone wanted to dress up as classical composers for Halloween?
How much does it cost for a pirate to get his ears pierced?
Why did the black man go to the golf-club on Sunday afternoon?
Why Hitler died?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
You know what jokes are the worst?
Who's the biggest bitch in a whole wide world?
Why do ladies prefer 77 over 69?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
Cake day: How many scientists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Want to hear a joke?
How do Jews celebrate Christmas?
Whats the best way to watch porn?
How does a pirate reenact Travis Bickle's speech?
How do you convert Spanish programming into English?
What do 16 year old boys and drug companies have in common?
What do people wear when they go to a new planet?
Did you know diarrhea is genetic?
What's long, green, slimy and smells like pork?
What do you get when you cross a onion and a donkey?
What's a pirate's favorite element on the periodic table?
Why do girls go to the bathroom in groups?
What's a pirates favorite letter?
What do you call a square that's been beat up?
What do you do when you come across an elephant in the jungle?
Why is Batman undefeatable?
What do you call a gay milkman?
What's a pirate's least favourite letter?
Why didn't Hitler go to strip clubs?
What's the kinkiest leafy green?
What did Peyton Manning said to his younger brother about the new NFL rule?
What did Dave Grohl say when someone stole his Greek food?
Why did Jesus take three days to resurrect after dying on the cross?
How does a Buzzfeed writer catch fish?
In the toy shop in my area, packet balloons cost $0.10 each, but $10 when filled with air?
Whats green, has six legs and if it falls from a tree it will kill you?
Why should a woman President never masturbate?
How do you hide an elephant up a cheery tree?
What's red, white and blue?
What is the hardest thing about learning to ride a bike?
What do you call a fish with no "eyes"?
Which phone is most sold in Australia?
Did you know that Pringles were originally used as a laxative, for medicinal purposes?
Why did the old man throw the matress out the window?
Whats the difference between Jesus and his photo?
What's the difference between someone who doesn't use their turn signal and Hitler?
If farmer A sells apples and farmer B sells bananas, what does farmer C sell?
What does a selfie stick and a tampon have in common?
What would Hitler say to his son?
What does your momma and a hockey player have in common?
What has America come to?
What do you call a terrorist video store?
Did you hear about the guy who bombed the printing press?
What do Nazis do on a beach vacation?
which cola brand sources its water from the oceans?
What kind of fish is the worst friend?
How many quarters does it take to play the Lord of the rings pinball game?
What do you call an easter extremist?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
How do you get elected president of my pants?
What's a dentist's favorite time?
Why didn't you visit Chad?
Did you hear that there's a new "Divorced Barbie"?
The Energizer Bunny was arrested this morning. Have you heard about this?
Why is ISIS so good at sports?
What's the difference between a dirty bus terminal and a large-breasted crab?
What did the kid say to his nanny when she stubbed her toe while trying to catch him?
What basketball team does a vampire play for?
What does DNA stand for?
What happened to the native man that drank 23 cups of tea?
Whats the best time to go to the dentist?
What do you call a candelabra that refuses to hold candles?
What did the American Chef say to the Asian Chef?
Wanna hear a joke about ebola?
What do you get when two pieces of poop marry each other?
Did you hear Miley Cyrus and her new boyfriend broke up?
Which Nordic country should you never be a part of?
What do the English and Welsh have in common?
How does someone stop ISIS?
How do you find Will Smith in a snowy forest?
Why do towels get dirty?
Why did Hitler suicide?
Q. Who's the coolest guy in the hospital?
How many millenials does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What did the FLAC say?
What is dementia?
How many dank memes does it take to change a lightbulb?
Have you ever had ethiopian food?
What has four legs and will kill you if it falls out of a tree?
Why do tumblr users make for poor gunmen?
How do chinese people name their childre n?
Did you hear the joke about the guy who shined a light at his shadow?
How do you increase a pirates morale?
Did you know you can use a condom twice?
What does a fish say when it swims into a concrete wall?
Hey, have you heard of that new movie, "Constipation"?
If you're Russian when you're going to the bathroom, and Finnish when you get out, what are you while you're in the bathroom?
What happened to the man who had a Disney character lodged up his rectum?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What did the fish say to the man draining its aquarium?
What do you get when you cross a whistle with a blizzard?
Why did the goose cross the road?
Which Asians have the softest skin?
Did you hear about that man who used somebody else's legs?
Why these two fingers?
Did you here about the new zoo?
What does The White House and my underwear have in common?
OK - who knows their Soupy Sales lines?
Why couldn't the baby Jesus be born in Utah?
What did the constipated mathematician do?
What is a dog lover's favorite cookie?
What is purple and commutes?
What was Nero's favorite kind of sandwich?
What is a British person's favorite cereal?
The red man lives in the red house, the blue man lives in the blue house, then who lives in the white house?
Whats the opposite of under?
what did they call the disc jockey who kept playing the same songs again and again?
Did you hear about the guy who wanted to join ISIS?
what's red and smells like blue paint?
How many creationists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's in a Paul Walker shot ?
Why is a Mexican midget called a paragraph?
Why did Jesus quit playing hockey?
What do you call a guy who makes "women in the kitchen" jokes?
What's a pirates favorite class?
What's the best part of a boxer's joke?
What do you call a person who is half Jewish?
What does a neckbeard eat for breakfast?
What city is the favorite place for anti-Semites?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
Did you guys hear Adele might have cancer?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
Why do women have legs?
How do spies eat their waffles?
What do you call a group of sorority girls/fraternity guys standing in a circle?
What do you call a zombie eating a dog?
Did you hear about the woman who walked backwards into a propellor?
Why did Jesus hang on the cross for three days?
Are you a monosaccharide?
What is more funny than a penguin sliding down a hill?
Did you hear about the obese woman who got a job at a bank?
What kind of dinosaur would Eminem be?
What do you call an Irish man that bounces off of walls?
Have you seen the new movie Constipated?
What do a Prostitute and a politician have in common?
How do you catch an elephant?
What is the main difference between a drag show and a drag race?
Why did no one ever consider Tony Stark (the Iron Man) a protagonist?
The big moron and the little moron were standing on the bridge over the River Send. The big moron fell off. How come the little moron didn't fall off, too?
Q: What mythological monster casts no reflection?
How do you get someone with downs syndrome out of a tree?
Why does the Easter Bunny hide the eggs?
Did you hear that Jesus was a bit of a drunk?
What do public toilets and homeless shelters have in common?
Why do gay men get so much hate?
What musical group is Jesus most afraid of?
What do you tell a women with a black eye?
Do you know why the Easter Bunny hides his eggs?
What's a blind mans favorite car?
Why are Slavs always squatting?
Where does a black Jew stand?
What has 9 arms and sucks?
Too soon for a knock knock joke?
Why did the bar owner by a diamond mine get arrested?
How do you get your partner to give you head?
How do you make a tissue dance?
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?
What's the difference between a Scottish guy and Mick Jagger?
Why did the poor man become a baker?
what do you think of the number 4?
Obama is in a sinking ship. Who gets saved?
Why don't cannibals eat the feet?
What is the 2nd worst reason to become a historian?
What kind of parasites do gangstas get?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Passover jokes?
What do you call a stupid person?
What were Jesus's last words to his disciples as he was nailed to the cross?
Do you think, when they were looking for that Carmen girl, that they ever checked San Diego?
Why can't women drive?
What has two legs and bleeds a lot?
How's the fruit?
Why wasn't Boy George any good at English?
What's a Polygon?
How do you catch a bear?
What do you call a Pakistani with a vest on?
What do you call Batman when he skips church?
What is the best remedy for cough?
What did one saggy boob say to the other one?
What does a former terrorist playboy say to the officer interrogating him?
Are jokes about Islam funny?
What is Kanye West's least favorite holiday?
Why are gay people so fashionable?
Why doesn't the Easter Bunny make noise when he has sex?
What did John Lennon say when he got egg shells in his cake?
Which eggs are the best for Easter?
Why did Will die?
What's it called if women in heaven still menstruate?
Why is Helium so trustworthy?
What do you get from a frozen zombie?
What do you get when you cross a sheep and a kangaroo?
Did you hear about that glacier off the coast of Italy?
What do you call a circus full of mean people?
Where's the best place to hide money from a Mexican?
What do you call a Rhinoceros mixed with a Rooster?
Why does Santa have such a big sack?
Why do cannibals hate Pentecostals?
You know what?
What did Anakin order from the Italian bakery?
What do you get when you minus Jeremy Clarkson from Top Gear...?
3 tampons walking down the street .Which one says hi first?
What is Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination?
Why was the egg late for work?
Which dinosaur named all the others?
Q: How do astronomers organize a party?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why was everyone afraid of the everything bagel?
what do you call a red head's problem?
What's the difference between Indiana and Reddit?
Why wasn't Hamlet sad when his girlfriend drowned?
Did you hear about the sexually frustrated lawyer?
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral?
Why would Target be the worst store to run the Enterprise?
What do you call a Whore that was shot by a sniper?
Did you hear about the corduroy pillow?
Why does Popeye have the perfect dick?
What did on western cheese say to the other?
Why are photos in Latvia always such good quality?
Did you hear about the 2 guys that stole a calendar?
Do you want to hear a potassium joke?
Want to lose 10 pounds of ugly fat?
What do Germans say when you show them a meme?
Did you hear about the fire at the flame retardant textile manufacturer?
(Translated from my mother tongue) What does a man do when he wants to end a marriage passively?
Husband to wife: Honey, what would you do if I won the lottery?
Judas: Still on for friday?
Why was the doctor so stressed out?
What do you call that part of the pharmacy where they keep the condoms, birth-control pills, etc.?
What shatters faster than your smartphone screen?
Why do Brides wear white?
How does Furious 7 end?
How do you make 5 lbs of fat look good?
What did Iron say to Silver after 30 years?
What is the difference between walking a dog in America and China?
Wanna here a funny joke?
Why do blondes wear their hair up?
What does the Interstellar soundtrack and a porno film have in common?
What do you get when two Samoans Fall off a couch?
Why do dogs lick their balls? Because they can! Why can't humans?
What's the difference between Will Ferrell and a man with erectile dysfunction?
What do you call a cow abortion?
so many poor jokes, where to begin?
What's the last thing they do to a Tickle-Me-Elmo doll before it leaves the factory?
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
Do you think Lincoln was good at pleasuring the ladies?
Why did the archaeologist ask a diamond out to dinner?
Have you heard about the movie director from space?
What did the poop say to the pee when he was hitting on her?
What did the police officer say to his stomach?
Why did the local university invite a foreign chemist?
Why did the pilot hit the Alps?
Why did Reddit's restaurant go our of business?
do you know the difference between a carrot and a fork?
Why don't Episcopalians play chess?
How do you cure a mute coworker?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
What do you call the version of google maps without pac man?
Did you get a haircut?
Interviewer: It says here you're skilled at saying unexpected things?
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
How do you fit 3 babies in a bowl?
How do you get 4 girls to sit on one chair?
What does M.Night Shyamalan always order when he goes out for ice cream?
Why do midgets have bad breath?
Why didn't Zeke get that job at the KFC off the interstate?
What type of MMO's does the Taliban play?
Wordpress Is Shutting Down?
Why aren't Jewish Youtube celebrities's work viewed at night?
What do you call a sleeping police officer?
What do your mom and a camel have in common?
If apple made a car would it have windows?
What do you call too many chickens on a farm?
What becomes packed between periods?
What did the deaf guy say to the blind guy?
Why is 77 better than 69?
What does a fish say when he hits concrete?
Why is butter dangerous?
Have I told you about my new stereo that connects to the Internet and plays Star Wars music?
why is 77 better than 69? what is better than77?
What's the similarity between a burned pizza and parents?
Whats a pirate's favorite letter?
What do you call a woman with two black eyes?
What rhymes and let's you instantly know a redditor is a moron?
What's black and never works?
What's a laughing condiment?
What's the speed limit to sex?
What do you call people who play April Fool's jokes?
How many redditors does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why did the ambulance show up to a tennis match between Number 8 and Number 9?
What did the boy with no arms and no legs get for Christmas?
Is this a joke?
what will i do when i have an out-of-body experience?
Do you remember when Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder played each other in a tennis match?
What did the referee say to the southwest attendant?
What's the difference between Walmart and India?
What does a girl from Arkansas say when she loses her virginity?
How did Helen Keller burn her face?
What do you call a gay guy in a coma?
Why did Susie drop her ice cream?
Knock knock. Who's there?
Knock knock. Who's there?
Did you hear about the Irish paper boy?
What was INXS Singer Michael Hutchence's favorite vegetable?
How do you know your at a gay BBQ?
Did you hear about the guy who invented the Hokey Pokey?
What do you call lesbian eskimos?
Did youz guys hear about the blow job competition last night?
What did one fetus say to the other?
What kind of investments do musicians make?
What did the guy who liked mustard say when he opened his fridge and saw no mustard?
What's the most logical country?
What is brown and sticky?
How is called the funeral of an electrical engineer?
How do you make a tissue dance?
If you're in college, what do you do when your flatmate has an epileptic seizure in the bathtub?
What kind of coffee does an executioner drink?
grandpa, can I have your cigar?
[God-awful OC] What do you call someone who lets people rent wifi signals from them?
What do you have when you have 1000 whites skydiving?
Michael Jackson: Is Mr. Wall there?
Why did the shit-kicker cross the road?
What do you call a midget psychic committing a crime?
What did the doctor say to the patient who refused to stop masturbating?
What's the most erotic food you can eat by yourself?
What's Irish and stays out all night?
Why did the dog keep dropping his ball?
What do you call a bunch of pro wrestlers hitting each other with blocks of cheddar and wheels of gouda?
Where do you send Jewish kids with Attention Deficit Disorder?
What is 40ft long and smells like urine?
What education should a private detective have?
You know all those things that "Have been shown to cause cancer in the state of California"?
How were people born ?
What's the healthiest sport a pregnant women can play?
Did you hear about the paperboy who masturbated on the job?
What do you call a symphony where everyone plays at the same time instead of taking turns?
What's similar between an angry cow and one of the most easily detected leptonic decay channels of the z boson?
Did you hear that the Vatican elected a new Pope?
What happens when you don't pay your exorcist?
What do you call a fat psychic?
Was sagt der große Stift zum kleinen Stift?
What's bad about being a black Jew?
What does a woman trucker and a hockey team have in common?
What is a prostitute's favorite region of America?
What do you call a cat crossed with a canary?
What did one pencil say to the other?
What do dyslexic zombies want to eat?
Did you see the Stevie Wonder joke on reddit today?
Why did Billy Joel get acquitted?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
What is it called when two little people get divorced?
What's a mathematician's favorite kind of music?
What do you get when you merge Revenge with Grey's Anatomy?
What are some (appropriate) ginger jokes I can use in an entertaining speech?
Did you hear about the new wine that the Taliban is selling in the US to help fund its war efforts?
Why were the children jumping for Joy?
In the final analysis, why did Yu do better than Hu?
What do you call a good looking Spanish/Jewish guy?
What's the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator?
What did the egg say to the pot of boiling water?
What does a soviet call someone with good vision?
Why did the vibrator go to the bar?
Anyone seen the movie about the female eye doctor who's always naked when she kills her patients?
How do you find a fat girl's pussy?
What do you call a big pile of kittens?
Why does the communist party hate planes?
Hillary, why are your socks so saggy?
Why do turds taper off at the end?
How is American beer similar to having sex in a canoe?
What do you call a lesbian with one leg shorter than the other?
Do you know the Greek version of Monopoly?
What do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you?
Why did Hu wind-up worse off than Yu?
How do you know your gf is getting fat?
How many retweets to let me take your sister to prom?
You know what they say about location in real estate?
What do you call an arcade game that involves you hitting avocados that pop out of the top of it?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why do computer programmers always confuse Halloween and Christmas?
How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb?
What is the smallest part of a little person?
What's Ellen Pao's husband's favourite web plugin?
STEP UP?
Did you hear the pizza guy's joke?
You guys know any Sodium jokes?
Why aren't koalas real bears?
Why was the washing machine laughing?
Did you hear about the dyslexic devil worshipper?
If I had a rooster, and you had a donkey, and your donkey ate my rooster's feet, what would we have?
What's a metaphor?
Why can't you make a movie with with Jewish people smoking weed?
Why do programmers produce more garbage than others ?
The two hardest things in programming?
What do you call a lesbian who doesn't believe in gods?
Why did the scout leader get arrested?
What is the difference between a Mexican and a book?
How do you make a prepubescent laugh?
Hey, are you one of the new guys?
Did you hear about the resourceful proctologist?
Your cough sounds much better this morning?
What always stays hot in the refrigerator?
You know how rich people prefer Bose, Bang & Olufsen and Marantz?
Q: Why'd the robber take a bath?
Do you know how I know that diarrhea is genetic?
What's the difference between Arabs and Americans?
What do you call the kinkiest/nastiest move from 50 Shades of Gray?
What do drug dealers sit on?
What makes a feminist prostitute angry?
What's the best drink for a dog?
what's green and floats?
What kind of parents are see-through?
You know what's addictive?
Whats black and screams?
What is the most uptight human instinct?
Have you ever eaten at a Native American restaurant?
Why was the bumble bee wearing a yamaka?
Why shouldn’t you ever have an argument with Möbius?
Have you heard of McDonald's new Obama Value Meal?
Why are my pubes curly?
What would you do of you found Chicago, Ill.?
What do you call an Egyptian surprise attack?
How did feminism start?
What did the fish say when he swam into the wall?
What's green and smells like bacon?
Did you hear about the blonde who got detention for flirting with boys in class?
What do you call a joke that has been internet obsolete for a while?
What do the British say when they're flirting?
Why wasn't Michael Jackson healthy?
How do you make holy water?
If girls with big boobs work at Hooters, where do people with one leg work?
What gun does Jesus hate the most?
What sex position makes ugly babies?
What do you call a caboose that changes its gender?
Why do men like Haunted Bees?
What do you call immigrants to Sweden?
What do you call two roosters having a fight?
Why was the Easter Egg so happy?
How do you know if someone's an engineer without asking them?
Why can't Miss Piggy count to 70?
What do vegetarian dogs eat?
Why won't Microsoft hire any maids?
Why can't a prostitute count to 70?
What's the difference between a Lamborghini and a pile of dead babies?
Hows a forwardly plural Hitler hailed as?
What do you get when you have barbie dolls standing in a line?
Why can't Mexicans play Uno?
Why did dwarf laugh when he walked through a paddock?
A math joke?
What's the downside of being a redneck kid at Christmas?
How can you get hundreds of women wet all at once?
Why is C afraid of every other letter in the alphabet?
What did Honey Boo Boo's father say after he didn't pull out?
Who was Mako Mori's existentialist monk brother?
Why did God bless Texas?
What's yellow and lives off dead beatles?
What do you call a boat that gives you nothing but trouble?
Do you know what a Freudian slip is?
How many legs does an elephant have if you count his trunk as a leg?
What happens when everyone in the country takes a pee at the same time?
Why don't people tell jokes about the Reverend Jim Jones?
Me: Why is gay marriage such an issue now-a-days?
What do you call an Atheist at a Christian fancy dress party?
What do you call it when Muslim men play naked twister?
How do you make a 90's kid mad?
If my inlaws break a bylaw, does it make them outlaws?
What do you call a female chicken that goes "cock-a-doodle-doo"?
What animal is two animals at the same time?
What do you call a Mexican that loses a car?
Did you know Sasha Grey retired?
What does a Japanese chef shout in bed?
A Christmas tree?
What kind of hotdog did the Buddha order from the street vendor?
Whats the square (root) of a (onion)???
Where do Americans buy their groceries in Afghanistan?
You know what we call comedy gold in the chemistry world?
What do air and sex have in common?
What's the biggest advantage to living in Switzerland?
What do you call it when gay men break up?
Why'd the cookie go to the hospital?
What do French Business Men use to ice their cakes?
What do you call a boxer with an upset stomach?
What did the cat say to the prison guard?
What race of horses is the most popular on Pandora?
What happened when Jesus forgot to look both ways?
What did the dolphin say when he ran into the sea turtle?
Is your name Gravity ?
How many anti-feminists does it take to screw the light bulb?
What did the fish say when he hit the wall?
Why did the pedophile masturbate to Kim Kardashian?
Why do meth heads like to do it doggy style?
What did the buffalo say when dropping off his son at college?
What do you call a dad that works at a grocery store?
Want to know how the Cold War was ended?
How does Moses get his coffee?
How did the farmer find his wife?
Want to hear a joke about nitric oxide?
What do you call a dinosaur in a car accident?
What do fat girls and scooters have in common?
Why was kleenex dancing?
What's Justin Bieber's favorite make of car?
What did the goat say to his friend after he cut his arm?
Why do the ghosts never win races?
Why did the piece of gum cross the road?
What do asparagus and anal sex have in common?
What do you call a black guy who plays the piano?
Why were the absurdly dressed chickens escorted from the basketball game?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
What game did the Rabbi play with the Baby?
What is the worst part about going to Auschwitz?
What did the cat say to the correctional officer?
What did the grave robber say to his gym buddy in the locker room?
What's worse than being raped by your dad's penis?
Where's the best place to hide during a zombie apocalypse?
Where do you find a quadriplegic?
What do you call a gay Jew?
What did the black Jew say to the non-believers?
Where do 4 gay guys go?
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor?
What an upset manly clock with boobs says to another manly clock with boobs who doesn't arrives in time for their homossexual dating?
What did Kermit eat after he got divorced?
Do you know what the best part about banging 21 year olds is?
What do you call an Alligator in a vest?
Where is the best place to hide a hippie's weed?
Why are all the fish high?
Why do girls who use Tumblr work so many odd jobs?
What did the man without a voice box say?
Did you here about the female thief?
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with a boob job?
How do you get a fat girl into bed?
What's black and white and eats like a horse?
So how about the BBC sacking Jeremy Clarkson ?
Did you here about the French Alps pizza service?
How do you get a homosexual man to have sex with a heterosexual woman?
How does every racist joke start?
What's the best part about having a dog lick peanut butter off your balls?
What did the remote controller say to the tv?
Why are all the best Jazz musicians brown?
Have you seen the movie Constipated?
What do you call a Texan who just had sex?
Why does Kim Kardashiani have a big butt?
What did the pirate say when he turned 80?
Why did the gay guy cross the road?
What's the difference between your mom and a pizza?
What did the tiger say to the detective?
Remember that time OP didn't provide?
Did I tell you guys about my awesome camping trip?
What do Japanese men do when they have erections?
So I hear Reddit likes cats. Anyone ever hear the joke about the cat on the roof?
How do you know your sister's on her period?
How do you make 5 pounds of fat look good?
What do you call a surfing Muslim extremist?
What kind of bees give milk?
What's red, round and goes up and down, up and down?
What do you call a man that marries another man?
You know what's great about jewish tires?
What food do all basketball players hate?
What's the scariest 3 letter acronym for a soldier in Afghanistan with a 15 year old daughter at home?
What do you call a Mexican burglar?
Which state smells the worst?
Whats long and black?
What do you feed someone in a coma from breakfast?
What was Mussolini's favourite dessert?
what do bieber and grumpy cat have in common?
What do you call a Batman that leaves church before its over?
How did Chuck Norris solve the dwindling oil reserves problem?
What did the unimpressed cheese say?
What do you call insects of the order Mantodea during mating season?
So Zayn quit the band?
What is a ghost's favorite drink?
What are the ten greatest years of a woman's life?
What's the difference between a politician and a tiger?
What is your best "Yo mama" joke?
What do they eat on the set of a chick flick?
what did they call the hooker who only slept with vegetarians?
Can a match box?
Did you know about this breed of horses?
whats the best thing about metal clothes pegs?
Why did the cowboy have a brown moustache?
What do nearsighted gynecologists and a puppy have in common?
What happened to the blind surgeon?
how do you mathematically describe the tempo of global warming?
What is the phobia of chainsaws called?
What's the difference between a cheap hooker and an expensive one?
What does a transvestite do on Christmas?
What did Putin say to Ukraine after invading?
What comes between fear and sex?
What is Hitler's least favorite sauce?
Person A: Do you know the shelf life of Cocaine?
Why are none of my jokes funny?
What do you call a squadron of baby soldiers?
What's the difference between Barack Obama and a mark on a gift?
How much cash can you make robbing an Indian restaurant?
Birds can be dangerous. Do you know what's the primary risk that woodpeckers pose to women?
What do you call one Mexican on the moon?
What's the dirtiest little thing that comes to bed with me?
What is that new movie about?
In what font does a mentally handicapped person write?
What does a short sighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common?
What do exchange students and porn addicts have in common?
Did you hear about the policeman who arrested the two boys, one who had a battery in possession and the other a firework?
Did you know i DJ?
What do a bass guitar solo and peeing your pants have in common?
What is a group of Pedophiles called?
Dude, did you hear Willy Nelson's gone..?
Have you heard about the new car from Israel?
What do you call an Arab oil baron with Parkinson's?
Where is the most ironic place to get a girl pregnant?
What do you get when you have a great Dane, a Clydesdale, and a Prostitute?
What did the Australian grandmaster say to the banker, when asked what he wanted to exchange?
An Engineer or a Doctor?
What do you call a gay French baker?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
How do you know if you have an underbite?
What do you call a boat with a hole?
Why do Americans spell it as 'color' and not 'colour'?
Where is the best place to hide a dead body?
What did one ape say to the the other ape?
What do you call a seabird who's easily taken in?
If April showers bring May flowers, then what do May Flowers bring?
Why couldn't the cat walk through the door?
Girlfriend Pissing You Off?
What kind of bees make milk?
Where do guys who buy hookers, mountain lions, and cantelopes go for the summer?
Why did the kid drop his ice cream?
Did you see the movie invisible?
Who makes more money: a prostitute or a drug dealer?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
(Season 4 spoilers ) Why did a cock named Oberyn Martell kill the KFC cook?
Why is USA so gloomy?
What's a golfer's favourite song?
Are you asleep?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
Why was the socialist kicked from his party?
What is the difference between a Boy Scout and a Jew?
Why do they put fences around graveyards?
What do you say when comforting a grammar nazi?
What is the epitome of serendipity?
What does a french sheep say?
Why would anyone want to study the Earth and how it rotates?
What do you call it when you make sandwiches at a sleepover?
what do you call an affluent black family in greenwich, ct?
Why was the Trail of Tears so hard on the Native Americans?
What's worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face?
Who would rule in a dog world ?
What's got no teeth and smells?
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors?
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito?
What happens to a frog that parks illegally?
What kind of house does Fonzie live in?
Where are clowns from?
What do you call a karate expert with a father who has diarrhoea?
Why does Helen Keller wear tight pants?
What did the empty beer bottle say to the other beer bottle?
Why are all these prostitutes advertising?
How did Helen Keller's parents punish her?
What do condoms prevent?
Did you hear about the narcoleptic hair stylist?
How are the Buffalo Bills like Billy Graham?
How many IT guys does it take to Fix a printer?
What is orange, and sounds like a parrot?
Why did the dick cross the road?
What kind of bee can you milk?
What is the one thing wrong with a Piles joke?
What did one sandstorm at a nude beach say to the other?
How to propose a boy?
What does the polite racist say?
What's the best cure to a bad hangover?
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why do nuns hate laundry day?
What do you call a girl in between 2 houses?
Why did the servant of the Airplane King get executed?
Doctor, How was the surgery?
What do you call a cannibal who only eats coma patients?
What did one nut say to the other nut?
Why are so many Italians named Tony?
What happened to the defeatists poker business?
What do you call a Halal pie?
Did you know the first baseball game was held in the Garden of Eden?
What do you get when you combine a watch with a dog?
Did you hear about the dyslexic atheistic insomniac?
Whats does dissecting a frog and explaining a joke have in common?
Have you heard about that new movie with the poop?
Russia is invading Ukraine?
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose?
Why do liberal courts don't work?
How does a Narcissist change a lightbulb?
How do you find the fastest man in Africa?
Why did the grapes gang rape and sodomize the orange with a chain saw?
Do cucumbers make anyone else burp?
How do you get into a haunted house?
How do you define a will?
why didn't the rabbit like his beer?
What do you call backup milk?
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bunjee cord?
50/50- What do you get when you put 50 lawyers in a room with 50 lesbians?
Why did little Jimmy break open his computer?
How do Communists achieve a revolution every single year?
A Jew and a black man play basketball in a gas chamber, who wins?
Heya /r/jokes! do you want to know how to keep a loser in suspense?
Why did Megan fall off the swing?
Where do Italian gangsters come from?
How do you measure love?
What do you call Detroit's trash?
How many people live in the lower part of Italy?
What sound does an emo cow make?
Who is responsible for a planes rough landing?
Why didn't Hitler talk to Jews?
Why do black people always finish first in a running race?
What's long and hard and has cum in it?
What do you call an Irish basketball player with a sore back?
What do you do if you see a space man?
Why did it take so long for the postie to deliver the missing jigsaw piece?
Anyone want to come over for a topless pizza party?
Why did the Mexican man push his wife off a cliff?
What do you call a Jew with Down Syndrome?
What exactly is dissassociative identity disorder?
Why do Jewish men get circumcised?
What did the scientist see when he looked up his family tree?
Want did the Alzheimer say to the shoe?
Its poor! But, What happens when Supper stars fart in public?
What's the definition of a redneck virgin?
What did Bruce Banner get after having sex with as prostitute?
Why did Helen Keller fire her maid?
Did you know there are two different types of people in the world?
How do all racist jokes start?
What's the worst part about going down on a vegan?
What are Pirate clothes made of?
How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What type of seat does a Drummer sit on?
What's the worst part about going down on a black girl?
What do you call a Latino whos car got nicked?
What has 4 eyes and cannot see?
What did Meghan Trainor say when she got mugged?
Why did I wear no jeans today?
What did the purple policeman say as he threw the purple man into jail?
What do you call a pile of kittens?
Good sir, I do say, what might thou calleth yonder peasants over there that engage in coitus interruptus?
What is the favorite food joint of dubstep makers?
Why does Waldo wear stripes?
How does a T-Rex apologize?
How good are the showers at Auschwitz?
What does one toilet say to the other?
Why's it taking so long to legalise gay marriage in the whole of the US?
What's green and has wheels?
How do assassins pay for stuff on the internet?
What do you call a drunk dinosaur?
What did Buddy Fletcher, accused ponzi scheme runner and husband of reddit's CEO, say to the duck?
What did the ocean say?
Knock knock. Who's there? Bob. Bob who?
Why do feminists support gun control?
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?
Did you hear about the 80 year old woman that tried to kill herself?
Why was the strawberry sad?
What technology are old people better at using than young people?
What caused The Black Death?
How much power does it take to move a tank?
What is round, ticks and if it falls down the clock is broken?
What do you call a white guy who's beating someone in the street?
How many Social Justice Warriors does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's got no teeth, and smells?
Did you hear about the midget that finally came to terms with his homosexuality?
What do you call a monk who walks everywhere in bare feet, has poor bone density and really bad breath?
Ever hear about the Jesus Bomb?
Why are all Quaker truck drivers stuck in the 1980's?
What do you call a musical sheep group?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
What kind of car does a ghost drive?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
What's the trickiest part of a penis transplant?
How do you clean a seat for a woman?
Why did the Bee get married?
What sits down but doesn't get back up?
What do you call a 10 ten old Irish boy who doesn't go to church?
What's the difference between a garbanzo and a chickpea?
What changed to make The Fantastic Four the Fantastic Three?
What Happened when Feminist's found out about Reddit?
What does a prostitute have in common with Sting?
What did the tailor tell the thieving nun when he caught her red-handed?
Did you know the first sniper was a Mexican?
Why wouldn't Pope Pius bless any helicopters when they were first manufactured?
What is Bruce Lee's favorite drink?
What do you call a phobia of chainsaws?
What did the scientist say at the bar?
How do you convince your neighbor to share their water with you?
How do you add up a mountain?
What do you call a female accountant?
What did the musician say when he went back in time?
What does an alcoholic neckbeard drink for breakfast?
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball?
What is the cheapest meat available?
Ever tried 77?
What did the neckbeard say when he was punched in the throat?
What happens when a frog's car breaks down?
What do you call a place showcasing gay people in their natural environment?
Why did Mrs. Quartz divorce Mr. Quartz?
Why does Jesus and bartenders have so much in common?
Why did the feminist cross the road?
How many femenists does it *really* take to change a lightbulb?
Went to the Optician the other day, guess whom I bumped into?
Have you ever seen a ghost?
What type of people are the worst?
How many students does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you do if you see a space man?
What's the maximum velocity while having sex?
What did the bean say to the other bean?
What do you call a resturaunt for bulemia victims?
How does the moon cut his hair?
How many MRAs does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's every vehicle's favorite style of dance?
How many Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A man is on the roof of a tall building, he sees a group of marathoners down below the street, why does he jump from the building?
Did you hear about the adult entertainment business for religious visionaries?
What does an uncircumcised Jedi use?
How are butter and a prostitute similar?
Why couldn't the Soviet Union get anything done?
What do you call an experienced Nazi doctor who treats animals?
What did the flower couple call their two babies?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What is the best kind of vegetable?
What did the Irishman text his Wife?
How many Redditors does it take to tell a joke?
What do you call a bowl on the internet?
How many Redditors does it take to change a light bulb?
Did you know that Stalin suffered from bulimia?
Q:Whats is fat ugly and gives good head?
What do you get when you mix clickbait and major disappointment?
What is the most commonly used phrase at a gay bar?
What does bread do when it wants to get married...?
How many tries does it take to get to the front page?
What kind of pants to Mario and Luigi wear?
What travels down an alley and has holes in it?
What does a hippy say when you ask him to leave?
what makes a good pun?
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb?
What does a math teacher do when he has hemorrhoids?
What does Math stand for?
How many menstruating women does it take to change a lightbulb?
You wake up in the woods with your pants down and Vaseline all over your ass. Do you tell anyone?
What do you call a bee's rear end?
How did the blonde break her leg raking leaves?
What did the pirate say when he turned 80?
Wanna hear a short joke?
How do you shoot a blue elephant?
Were you born in another country?
Guess what???
Why did the sauce need a night light?
What's the opposite of evening?
How does a tauren hide in a cherry tree?
What's Jeffrey Dahmers favorite ice cream?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
What's the difference between a saxophone and a chainsaw?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
Why did the mother bear ask the baby bear to wear shoes before he ran through the forest?
What were Hitler's favorite kind of lights?
What do you call an oblivious wolf?
Why do OP's jokes suck?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
How do you say "Jesus take the wheel" in Arabic?
What does a mobster buried in cement eventually become?
What did the stone say to the hill?
What do you get if you pour boiling water down a rabbit hole?
Thought up a reddit joke today. When is a triangle a rectangle?
Why can't you give Elsa a balloon?
What's the worst part of a vacuum?
What do Africans eat for breakfast?
Where is Jennifer's husband?
What's the downside to dating a Mermaid?
What is the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
Why does Usain Bolt hate asians?
What kind of money do they use on superman's home planet?
Whats worst than a super long joke?
How can you tell if your roommate's gay?
How do meth users get the money to buy their drugs?
What's Darth Vader's sister's name?
What did the chauffeur say to the newlyweds as they passed the last rest stop?
What sound does a Baroque chicken make?
What do you call a TV award an Italian mobster cheated to win?
What's the difference between a gay man and a refrigerator?
What's the perfect line of work for a lizard?
Why did Helen Keller's dog kill itself?
How do you make a hormone?
What did the left butt cheek say to the right?
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days?
What did the 2 say to the 3?
What's the difference between your girlfriend on her period and a terrorist?
What's dumber than a box of rocks?
What do you call a black political figure?
What does a pirate say on his 80th birthday?
What do you do with a dog that doesn't have any legs?
What's the only type of dog that doesn't bark?
Why is vagina better than cake?
What is it called when a blind deaf man commits murder?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
Have you heard that awesome joke that's reposted all the time?
What's the difference between a piano, a tuna and a jar of glue?
Have you heard of the paedophile comedian?
What's the forecast for Mexico?
Why doesn't the veteran have a blow-up sex doll?
Have you heard that hilarious joke about Hellen Keller?
Whats the difference between a cat and a comma?
What should you do if you see a spaceman?
What do couch potatoes evolve into?
Why did Pinocchio's nose get longer?
Why did Mr Ohm marry Mrs Ohm?
Why do athletes like Sports Illustrated Magazine so much?
What kind of animal goes "LMAO"?
Why does Thor have insomnia?
What pier is disliked by almost everybody?
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb?
Hey did you hear about the Red and Blue ships that collided?
Whats George Zimmerman's favorite song?
What is a pirate's worst nightmare?
Do you wanna hear a reverse joke?
What do you call a Mexican that lives on a hill?
Is Rick Moranis dead?
What did the drunken Irishman say to the Chinese diplomat?
So how do monks stay warm in the snow covered peaks and whatnot?
What does soylent green taste like?
What kind of shoes does a pedophile wear?
What did the racist chef say to Lenny Kravitz?
Why do chicken coups have two doors?
How did Hitler lose the race?
A Chicken coop has two doors, what would it be called if it had four?
What's the difference between funny jokes, and the jokes that make always make it big on reddit?
What do you call a legless nun?
What do you call it when Britain, Russia, and France make a sexual pun before WWI?
What do you call a Black man flying a plane?
What do you call a pirate from Ireland??
What's the capital of Massachusetts?
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection?
What does the window do when the sun shines on it?
How many babies does it take to paint a wall?
What's a short, dirty joke that gets a laugh every time?
What goes clip clop clip clop BANG clip clop clip clop?
Guess what the little boy with no hands got for his birthday?
Why is there no Dick's sporting goods in Hawaii?
Why do Leprechauns always laugh as they run across a field?
Why did Oscar Pistorius lose his court case?
What do you call a color that doesn't exist?
what do you call 6 hwy workers and 6 lesbians on the side of the road?
Did you hear about the farmer who's wife left him?
Why was Herbert Hoover such a controversial president?
You heard the rumor going around about butter?
What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of co-ordination?
Have you heard about the two gay ghosts?
Why can't two Asian parents have a Caucasian baby?
For the Day that's in it: What did Saint Patrick say as he drove the snakes out of Ireland?
What did one casket say to the other casket?
What's Irish and stays out all night?
What do you call a cow with no legs??
Why did the Girl fall off the swing?
Why did the baker rob the deer park?
Why did the football team sack the hairy goalkeeper?
What did the fire say the morning of his birthday?
What does an empathetic kleptomaniac do in an argument?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
What do you call an anticlimactic punchline?
How do you piss Voldemort off?
Why did the girls fall off the swing?
What do the leaders of ISIS drink after a victory?
What do you get if a convict goes camping?
What do you call a mouse named Bob who's having an existential crisis?
Why are Canadian Jews so poor?
What do you get when you cross a vulture with a machine gun?
Did you hear about the guy who got the left side of his body cut off?
How do you sort out Ant and Dec?
What does the right kidney say to the left one when he is mad at the other?
Who does Batman call when he needs to cool down his expensive drinks?
What's the highest thing in existence?
What do you call it when you get stuck into a shotgun wedding with a Czech?
In honour of St Patrick's day, can you guess my Irish name?
How Did Harry Potter Get Down The Hill?
What was built after the Indian sandwich maker's shop burned down?
What did the clock say when he was finished having sex?
Why did the horny girl go to Subway?
What did the vertebrate say to the invertebrate?
Two kittens are on a slanted roof, which one slides off first?
What is a Coronation Street resident's least favourite football team?
How is this joke similar to a musical about a thesaurus?
How do you catch a unique cat?
Why did Waldo only wear stripes?
Did you hear about the Pharaoh getting kicked out of the Grammy's?
What do you call an Italian with a rubber toe?
What's the difference between an ass kisser and a brown noser?
What's the most googled word in Mozilla Firefox?
What happened before the Big Bang?
What did the 0 say to the 8?
Whats Putins favourite food?
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What is the difference between light and hard?
Why was the father centipede annoyed?
How many disappointments can you fit into a van?
Have you heard about the Rwandan massacre?
What does a dirty hippie say after you ask him to get off your couch?
What do you get if you cross a drummer with Mike Tyson?
What's purple and chained to my front porch?
What did the psychiatrist say to the patient that showed up wearing Saran Wrap and nothing else?
How do you make Obama's eyes light up?
What nationality are Sprinters?
Why do fish always sing off key?
How many black people does it take to start a riot?
What did the elevator say to the escalator?
Why did the sperm cross the road?
What clothes do lawyers wear to work?
What do you call a soldier that got attacked by mustard gas and pepper spray??
What do you call an evil cat, who only lives to be an ass hole?
What do you call a Greek skydiver?
Why are librarians so shy?
Hey, man. Can I get a cold one?
Why doesn't Mexico win Olympic Medals?
What did the gay deer say after leaving the bar?
What's your blud type bob?
Wanna hear a joke about my penis?
Pretty offensive joke: Why does all Turkish men have a mustache?
What game do lesbians like to play?
How did the rednecks find their sister?
How do you make holy water?
What's something that some people don't get about jokes with sexual innuendo?
If an idle mind is devil's workshop, what is its kitchen and toilet?
Why do the Dutch enjoy Belgian jokes so much?
Why did Admiral Ackbar spend his entire Hawaiian vacation thinking he was about to get suicide-bombed?
What do you call a guy with no body and no nose?
Why does the blood bank never make mistakes?
What do you call a kid with no arms and no legs?
Can somebody please hand me a knife?
Why do black people get hit by cars more during winter time?
What do you call a 7 year old redneck girl who can run faster than her brothers?
What did the yogi have for breakfast?
Did you know that Kraft is building a factory in Jerusalem?
What country has many sugar?
What is a creationist's favorite button in pokemon?
What education program did Eric Wright enroll in?
What did the elephant say to the naked man?
What did one wall say to the other?
What does a beer say when it's cold?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
Why is everyone afraid of Vladimir Putin?
How do you make five pounds of fat attractive?
How do you piss off a white guy?
What's red and green and spins round & round & round?
Why did the Khmer Rouge smoke weed?
What does a philosopher put his/her food on?
What did the 11 year old junior paleontologist and 50-cent music lover with cancer receive from the one wish foundation?
What is the worst thing about getting hit in the face with PI?
What do you call Annoying Orange and his gang having sex?
In honour of Mothers Day, what's your favourite Yo' Momma Joke?
What did the sadist do to the masochist?
Why is the door to heaven always open?
What do you feel when there's no coffee left?
What do you call a fake Irish diamond?
What was Osama bin Laden's favorite drink?
Fruit flies can fly, but most fruit can't, do you know which one can?
Why shouldn't you tell a philosophy major a joke?
You know what would be ironic?
What do you call someone that likes to show off her ovaries?
What is Carroll Shelby's favorite food?
[In honor of Leonard Nimoy] How many ears does Spock have?
How much electricity is in the ground?
Why didn't the mason jar need a paternity test?
Did you hear about the sequel to Snakes on a Plane with giant, poisonous centipedes?
Which fraternity was George Lucas in during College?
What do you call a fly with no wings?
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work?
In honor of Pi Day: Who founded the round table?
Why do they call it PMS?
What do you call an angry toilet?
What do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you?
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other?
What did I say when my Neutrogena products worked?
Did you hear about the incompetent circumciser?
If Oliver Stone is being a stone and Michael Bay is being a bay, then what is Anthony Weiner being?
What did the cow say when she got hit by a car?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why can't ovaries sail a boat?
You know what the worlds best play on words is?
What do you call the memory of a camping trip?
What goes: 'click' is that it? 'click' is that it? 'click' is that it?
How does a Jew make his tea?
How do you drown a blonde?
How do you keep the entire front page of Reddit in suspense?
How do you fit 100 Jews in a car?
You know why those automatic sensor sinks save water?
Why are a good majority of Americans obese?
Why don't they have a concert on the moon?
Did you hear about the gay guy who got in a car accident?
How did Maxwell greet Ampère?
What do you call a Polish dancer?
Why does OP never deliver?
What do you call a bear with no teeth?
What is a ghosts favourite job?
What is it called when a criminal gets excited?
What is it called when Batman leaves church early?
Why hasn't Harper Lee had any kids?
What's brown and sticky?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What's worse: Alzheimer or Parkinson?
Am I a real polar bear?
Where do you find a dog with no legs?
What do you get when you cross a lawnmower and a canary?
You wanna know about hippie sex?
What do you get when you mix a rhetorical question and a joke?
What's the best way to fit 30 Jews in a 5 passenger car?
Where do mice park their boats?
What religion do ghosts practice?
Did you here about the guy who's whole left side was cut off?
Who do you think was smarter, Jesus or Buddha?
How do you feel about euthanasia?
How did the Hipster burn his tongue?
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist?
What's the driest joke you ever heard of?
Why did Michael Jackson invent the Moonwalk?
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a lightbulb?
Ground control to Kerbal III, how willing would you be to share your proximity to the equator?
What does a gay horse eat?
What do you tell a mathematician if he does drugs?
Where's the best place to go on the first date?
What do you call banana shoes?
What’s the best part about living in Switzerland?
What sound does a piano make when falling down a mine shaft?
What's brown and sticky?
What's red and goes up and down?
Why can't you run in a campground?
Why should you never trust advice from a group of gryphons?
What's a similarity between anal sex and spinach?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What's worse than having your car impounded by the police?
What do you call a Graveyard built on sandstone?
Why are normal human body temperatures around 98.7*F?
What do you call an Asian who breaks a lot of wind?
What's blue and smells like red painting?
Did anyone hear of the Pi that was missing the number 5?
What do you call a short Native American programmer?
Why are black people so fast?
Why didn't galactus consume the milky way?
What did the Germans name the Israeli Submarine?
What do you call a cholo with one leg shorter than the other?
How did the Vagina want her eggs cooked?
¿Cómo frijoles?
What would you do?
How do you find out that a cricket hears with its legs?
What country always follows Zimbabwe?
How do you kill a bear without a weapon?
What's the most racist letter of the alphabet?
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb?
Has legs, but don't walk... has feathers but it is not a chicken... What it is?
Why did Moe finally decide to kill of Homer Simpson's son?
What did the smart chicken say to the stupid chicken?
You know what is the most hated letter in alphabet?
If you commit 90 sins, u will get caught 45 times. Why?
How many Estonians you need to build a house in Finland ?
What do you call a patella that sleeps around too much?
How do cities decide who gets to be in charge of wastewater management?
Why can't women enjoy porn as much as men?
what's it called when a duck farfs?
What did the Physics professor say when he forgot his lines of a speech?
How many kittens can you stuff into a microwave for 15 minutes on defrost...?
What kind of punch hurts children the most?
An Engineer or A Doctor?
What do you call a disembodied nose?
What do you call a raft full of black people?
What's green, slimy, and smells like bacon?
When/why do feminists hate cannibals?
What does a Mexican Morpheus say?
What is the difference between my dad and cancer?
What do you get when you have seven dragon balls?
What did Mexico City say to his father before he left for college?
What is a mexican's favourite sport?
If Hannibal Lector is not a vegetarian, what is he?
What are the four words that you least want to hear, after having blown Willie Nelson?
BEAUTIFUL?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
what do you call a rhinoceros mixed with george washington?
Why don't you hear any knock knock jokes about America?
What is green and smells like pork?
Do you remember the name of the Italian/Vietnamese restaurant we went to?
What do fish do when they are angry with each other?
What is 6.9?
Why was the bi-sexual man so healthy?
What's the difference between Tuna, a Piano, and a bottle of Glue?
Why do republicans hate math?
Geology rocks! Geometry rules! Can you think of anymore?
Why are atoms untrustworthy?
What is the difference between a GOOD and a BAD girl?
Q: What do you call a home sexual on roller skates?
What do you call a dyslexic insomniac philosopher?
What do you call a group of Spaniards in quicksand?
Why does the U.S. Government hate winter?
What does a rich fat Englishman gain?
Why did the hipster burn his tongue?
What is the worst dinosaur to take to a restaurant?
What did the hurricane say to the coconut tree?
Why did the robot become a museum curator?
What's long and hard and full of seamen?
[Request an Explanation] Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
Did you hear about the new condoms for frogs?
What's online, about to comment, and very judgmental?
How did Reddit not fell down yet?
Why aren't cowboys circumcised?
Why did little Johnny lose his ice cream?
Why couldn't the two melons get married?
Why do ducks have flat feet?
What's the Mexican version of the Klan?
What do you call a dirty Jew?
What do you call a greedy crab?
The difference between a rooster and a lawyer?
Did you hear about the French chef that committed suicide?
What is a six figure income?
What do you call a Mexican supremacist organization against civil rights?
A gay and a lesbian are going to the airport. Who gets there first?
Why did the scarecrow win the nobel prize?
Did you hear about the new car that instead of using gas, runs on Carbon, Oxygen, Carbon, and Potassium?
What thinks the unthinkable?
What do you call a black man on the ISS?
Where do you drown a hipster?
What does the German wheat farmer say to his wife in the morning?
Did you hear they found a dead ice cream vendor covered in sprinkles?
Why did Fred put band aids in the refrigerator?
Where did the girl go when the bomb exploded?
Is your refrigerator running?
Are you a moment of Inertia?
Did you hear about the Italian chef that died?
What did they find in the toilet in the star ship Enterprise?
What's the difference between a baby and a trampoline?
Q; What do you call two fleas on top of a bald head?
How many children with Attention Deficit Disorder does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call a psychic midget on the run from the law?
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
What do 0/10 little boys enjoy?
What was Jesus's least favorite bone?
What do you call a Korean bulldog?
How do you circumcise a redneck?
What is the difference between a midget politician and syphilis?
You know what's a weird Irish name?
What's up late and optimistic?
What happened when Billy Mays's ghost floated into the rave?
You eat what?
Why didn't the toilet paper cross the road?
What do you call a wolf that is cautious?
Whats the difference between the English cricket team and a teabag?
What do you call it when a stripper gives you a free lap-dance?
What did the cannibal do after dumping her boyfriend?
What do you call a wolf you cant find?
What's 18 inches and makes women SCREAM?
Where do intergalactic keyboards go to drink?
What do you call two crows sitting in a tree?
Whats the Difference Between Hitler and Stalin?
What does batman call his dick?
What do the letters G, I, T, N, H, N & O have in common?
What did the one tampon say to the other tampon?
What club cancels their meeting everytime?
What does 007 wear on his head?
How many animals can you fit into a pair of panty hose?
What is Vladimir Putin's favourite drink?
Why didn't the toilet paper cross the road?
What did the fertilizer say to the grass?
Is a Computer a Male or Female?
Why did Tina Fey cross the road ?
Are one-liners accepted?
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea?
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle, and a well dressed man on a bicycle?
Did you hear about the man who lost his whole left side?
A cop stops a drunk man and asks: How high are you?
[OC] Why Did the Paradox Cross the road?
What's the difference beetwen public official and private employee?
How many bugs does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call an expensive circumcision?
Why doesn't Pakistan have its national football team?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish man?
What do you call a Muslim basketball player's best move?
How do people in wheelchairs propose?
Which is the worst hand to lose?
Why dont blind people skydive?
What font is alphabet soup produced in?
What's a Jewish girl's favorite wine?
Why was the young snowflake so upset?
Wanna hear a joke about reddit and clickbait?
What's the difference between writing your will and owning an ant farm?
What do you call a woman who turn straight guys into gay?
How did Helen Keller break her arm?
Why does my abusive mother hate vegetables?
Did you hear about the baker that died fighting to save his business?
What is the difference between a well dressed man on a bicycle and a poorly dressed man on a unicycle?
If you are American in living room, what are you in the bathroom?
Why did the coke can throw itself off the building, and why did it become so famous?
Always drive in reverse when you're drunk (True story)?
Who so thelioma?
Why haven't they sent a woman to the moon?
Why did the baker have brown hands?
What do you call a class for dumb gingers?
What did the sluts left leg say to her right leg?
What's the difference between a lentil and a chick pea?
What joke did drake get when talking to diddy?
What's red and silver and bumps in to walls?
What do you call it when a person has a fear of Vietnamese food?
What did Jeffrey Dahmer say to Lorena Bobbit?
What's Whitney Houston's favourite form of coordination?
How many Global Warming nutjobs does it take to change a light bulb?
What's the difference between your mom and a drug dealer?
Why does Tiger Woods bring two pair of pants during a golf game?
Why were the bakers hands brown?
What is the cruelest thing you can do to a blind person?
How do you titillate and ocelot?
Do you guys like corny jokes?
How did Helen Keller get punished?
What's the difference between a woman's argument and a knife?
What's the difference between a physicist and an engineer?
What does a priest get when he wants pussy?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
Why don't black people pay rent?
Why did Harrison Ford Crash his plane?
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy?
What's the difference between parents who don't vaccinate their children and ISIS?
What do you call it when a neurologist is found embezzling and he later runs away?
What for you call a motivated mannequin?
Did you hear about the vampire at the circus?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
What car do polite cowboys drive?
Why is God happy?
Did you hear that Sir Mix-A-Lot's pet snake left his girlfriend because she went low-carb?
why do sandwich fillings look weird ?
Q: How do you say "take a shit" in Japanese?
Did you guys hear the one where the Imam joins the priest and rabbi walking into the bar?
Why did the semen cross the road?
How many policemen does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you get when you cross a donkey and a piece of onion?
Where do Muslims go on a weekend?
Remember when people uses Chuck Norris jokes?
What's the difference between a vitamin and a hormone?
Why do all travelers use the road to get to Jordans most popular destination?
What is a gay guys favorite search engine?
What did Christian Grey say when he read reviews of his movie?
If Patrick Bateman from American Psycho had a butler, what would the butler call him?
My little brother dropped this on me; What do Mexicans say when they're cold?
What do you call a monk that cooks potatoes?
How many mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's Forrest Gump's password?
What did the pirate say when his wife kept asking him about the steering wheel in his pants?
What did one toilet roll say to another toilet roll?
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea?
Why can't elephants go skinny dipping?
What's the difference between a golfer and a skydiver?
What do you give a sick microbe?
What's the difference between 3 dicks and a joke?
Why is Time a whore?
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster who got breast implants?
What did the teacher do with the student's cheese report?
Why did the rich man go crazy?
What do you call nuts on a wall?
How did Marty McFly react when shown what 2015 would really look like?
What does Santa call his English Elves?
How do you kill 200 flies at once?
How can you tell if something is clickbait?
Why did the t-rex cross the road?
Why do penguins never go to England?
What do you call a tick on the moon?
What time are most dental appointments scheduled for?
Q: Why did the belt get locked up?
Hear about Harrison Fords plane crash?
What do eagles and moles have in common?
Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milkshakes?
What do white girls and Prime numbers have in common?
Did you hear about the circus fire?
Why did the Irishman only put 239 beans in his bean soup?
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
Why do bananas get all the ladies?
Why are most weather forecasters men?
What food greatly diminishes a women's sex drive?
Why do Jews have big noses?
What's brown and sticky?
What do we call of spill of the world's most abundant resource?
On a hot day, what did the pig say to the other pig after he came back from the car?
What does a vampire's blood taste like?
What is six inches long and stiff in the morning?
Why did the cat stop singing?
Have you heard the Kardashian family motto?
What do you call Bill Gates' penis as he gets out of a swimming pool?
What did Cinderella say when her photos did not show up?
Do you know why so many American kids die in high school massacres?
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
Why dont applebees employees wear watches?
How did the redneck find his sister in the woods?
What did the mod say to the other?
Why is six afraid of seven?
Why is ten afraid of nine?
What do you get when you squash a bungalow?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
If 2 wrongs don't make a right, what do 2 rights make?
Why is it called a Mango?
What do you call a root vegetable that spins on it's axis?
Why did the calculus students get arrested?
Why can't you ever see a hippopotamus hiding in a tree?
Wat the hell would I do with this rocket?
How do you make a tissue dance?
Are you impulsive?
What kind of jeans does mario wear ?
Are you from Mississippi?
What brand of underwear do zombies wear?
What kind of foods do arthritic cannibals love to eat?
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
Have you ever had an African meal?
How did the redneck find the goat in the tall grass?
Why did cavemen drag their women around by the hair and not the feet?
What is Ronald Reagan's favourite vegetable?
Post?
What's the most terrifying gift your SO/Family can buy for you?
What does a gentleman do after sex?
What's a storm trooper's favorite date?
Did you hear about the group of people who stole a dozen boxes of Viagra?
Why do you have to take two Baptists with you when you go fishing?
Whats the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea ?
Where are otters from?
Did you hear about the ghost who got a vasectomy?
What is the only inedible part of a vegetable?
Why did the cab driver did not get time for his family?
Who Wears The Old Clothes Of Angela Merkel?
Why does nobody talk to circles?
Q: What do you call a cow who's had an abortion?
What's worse than male chauvinists?
A man drives his truck and runs over a woman. Whose fault is it?
Why is Abraham Lincoln on the Penny?
You know what I love about world history?
Anybody want to hear a joke about pizza?
Can a ninja kill someone from a distance?
What did gangster Pooh said to gangster Tigger?
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
Why did Princess Diana cross the road?
What is the preferred newspaper of lighting fixtures?
What's got a pair of balls and 100 teeth?
Why did Kanye blow up the bakery?
What's the difference between a hotdog and a dead baby?
What's the best insult you can tell someone?
What did the Asian pirate do when he saw a crowd?
OC: What does Babe Ruth and roughly 100,000 antelopes have in common?
Why did the student take Viagra while preparing for his exam?
Did you hear about the Indian who drank too much tea?
How is cunnilingus like riding a bike with an open face helmet?
What limitations does braille have? Can it represent everything that we read using the alphabet?
If I have a rooster and you have a donkey, and your donkey bites the two feet off my rooster, what do you have?
Did you hear about the new in-flight corduroy pillows?
What has seven arms and sucks?
Why do Klingons feel very little pain?
What do you call a Muslim who is notoriously late for everything?
What's green, slimy and smells like bacon?
What's the difference between a blond and a washing machine?
What did the calculus teacher tell the crew of his submarine while they were diving?
What do you call someone with no body and just a nose?
What do you call a redneck orgy?
What did the male titanic say to the female titanic?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do Paul Walker and Pink Flyod have in common?
What do you get if you insert human DNA into a goat?
What is dark and hairy on the outside, soft and moist on the inside, starts with a C, ends with a T, and has a U and an N in it?
Which is Reddit's favourite element?
What's red and bad for your teeth?
What's worse than dropping a scope of ice cream?
Do you know the story of Flap Flap The Giraffe?
So did you hear about the guy who didn't finish his jokes?
What does a sandal do on Sunday's?
Did you hear about the prank these guys pulled on Hitler?
What do you call a criminal dwarf on an escalator?
What's easier to pick up, the heavier it gets?
Why can we never actually see the sun?
In honor of To Set A Watchmen coming out soon, what would Harper Lee's book be called if she was Mexican?
Why did the chicken cross the road, roll in dirt and then cross the road again?
How many contradictory Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
So, my mate Vincent cut his ear off and his wife asked him why?
What does an alcoholic nun have?
Why hasn't Nintendo released a Mario themed basketball video game?
How did the Germans conquer Poland so fast?
How many social justice warriors does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's red and dingle dangles from the ceiling?
How does a mathematical pedophile refer to a child who just turned 8 years old?
Difference between a dead dog and a dead lawyer in the road?
What do vegetarian worms eat??
A woman walks into a beauty salon and asks the beautician, can you make me look like Kim Kardashian?
What do you call a pretentious mime?
What characteristics do chemists look for in people when dating?
What so you call an Asian jew?
Why couldn't the lizard have any children?
[Meta] Would it be possible to get a moderator bot to flair each post according to length?
How many Germans do you need to screw in a lightbulb?
Who's the poorest person in West Virginia?
Whats red and sits in the corner?
What'd the banana say to the vibrator?
What kind of blood does a born loser have?
What is better than a rose on a guitarist?
Why do bald men have holes in their pockets?
What did the prostitute say to her customer after he finished paying?
How long does it take a monkey to fly a plane from LA to New York?
What did the elephant say to the man?
Did you hear that actress from Legally Blonde was stabbed?
Have you seen the world's biggest thermometer?
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
What did the Baskin-Robbins manager say to the employee that wanted to date a co-worker?
What does a nosey pepper do?
Q: Why can't a blonde dial 911?
What did the geologist say when he got a rock for his birthday?
How is a Mexican like a cue ball?
Whats the difference between a rooster and a gay surfer?
What do you call bad Mediterranean food?
What do you call a German outkast?
What is a pedophile's first guitar lesson?
Ever hear the one about the midget and the razor blade?
Where do trailer park miscarriages go?
What's the similarities between Michael Jackson and the colour changing dress?
Why doesn't Asia wear makeup?
Why did the Limestone feel unappreciated?
What sport do you play with a wombat?
Why didn't the ghost have any children?
Why so serious?
Why can't you trust anything MATTER says?
Who was appointed as a proof reader of Hitler's speeches?
What did one tectonic plate say to the other after the earthquake?
What did the 0 say to the 8?
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts?
What do you call a dictionary on drugs?
How do you get down from an elephant?
What was the ninja pigs' surprise attack called?
Why doesn't god like bacon?
What should PMS be called?
How do you stop a rhino from charging?
What would you call Benedict Cumberbatch if he was dating a giraffe?
What does Ronda Rousey's opponents and myself have in common?
Why didn't the ghost have any babies?
What's the easiest way to find a gay West Virginian?
How to you make a Hormone?
What did Putin say when he was finally fed up with Boris Nemtsov?
[Fixed] What do you get when you put human DNA in a goat?
Are you a work of art?
When is a Mexican not a Mexican?
What do you get if you insert human DNA into a monkey?
What's your best haiku?
Why hasn't bigfoot ever gone to prison?
What is the difference between a group of Pygmy riddlers and a lesbian track team?
How many ears does Mr. Spock have?
What is a boxer's favorite meal?
Did you guys hear about the jews hurting dental health?
What kind of nuts go on a carrot cake?
whats the difference betweens a violin and a fiddle?
What does the high elves call Gandalf?
Have you heard about the Oscar Pistorius drinking game?
How many ears does Spock have?
What's Obama's favorite thing to do on the weekend?
What do you get if you drop a piano into a mine?
Guess what?
What do you call a football fan with a cold?
Black and Blue?
Who are the fastest readers?
How do you make a bunch of Redditors mad?
What do you get if you insert human DNA into a goat?
How does Boomhower describe the Genitals of the Lieutenant from the Reno Police Department?
What do you call an elephant the circus no longer needs?
Did you hear about the guy who couldn't read?
Do you know why they are called dad jokes?
What do you call a terrorist holding an AK47 to your head?
How do you know if someone's from Texas?
Have you heard the one about the man who ran over himself?
How does Alabama keep alcohol out of high school?
Do you know why I hate drinking with blind people?
Whats faster then a Aboriginal with a TV?
Wanna have an argument?
Yarrr, have ye seen me mizzenmast?
Hey Dad? Can you sing me the Alphabet?
What's the difference between herpes and mono?
What did the Greek God say when he could finally take the world off his shoulders?
Do you remember when you used to blow bubbles when you were younger?
How many ears does Leonard Nimoy have?
Why do the French eat only one egg for breakfast?
What did Wiz Khalifa say when he was asked his opinion on the dress?
Did you know there was once a man so famous that every school in the country has a room named after him?
How do you say goodbye to 230,000 Indonesians?
What does batman take in his whiskey?
Mythology gags, anyone?
Why do gorillas have such big nostrils?
What did the grape say when the elephant stepped on him?
Helen Keller, what color is this dress?
What has 9 arms and sucks?
How did ISIS decide to kill the member of Anonymous that brought down their websites?
What's the best way to be on Instagram and in life?
what do you call a queue of jokers?
Did you hear about the guy who drunk brake fluid everyday?
Why does the sexually active narcoleptic always use a condom?
How does Harry Potter do web design?
Q: What do you call a bunch of blondes standing ear to ear?
Why was the lightbulb invented?
Why are women and noodles alike?
Whats the difference between a dead baby and a bag of cocaine?
How many black people does it take to change a light bulb?
What did one Japanese man say to the other?
What does a panther say when it steps on ants?
What's the best way to cross the border?
Why didn't the koala get a job?
What is black and eats pussy?
How many kids does Adrian Peterson have?
What do you call it when a lizard can't get it up?
What do you call group sex on a boat?
Why did the electron go to jail?
What does God do whenever he gets frustrated with Jesus?
Why did the clothing store close?
How do you circumcise a hillbilly?
Why did they invent the shopping cart?
Why did the man put a dead tiger on his lawn?
What has 5 teeth and 60 eyes?
Why did Blackbeard cross the road?
Can you tell me a joke existential in nature?
Did you hear about the woman who had her left side cut off?
Why did the chicken cross the playground?
Why did the Baker rob the Banker?
What happened to the boy-band member who dropped the soap In the prison shower?
What did 0 say to 8?
Why does the Indian chief hate snow?
What kind of phone does The Flash use?
Where do famous snakes go?
What has four legs, is big, green, and fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree on top of you, would kill you?
Why was the African prostitute arrested for murder?
Someone that knows three languages is multilingual. Someone that knows two languages is bilingual. So what do you call someone that only knows one language?
What's a Native's 2 favourite colours?
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
What do you get if you push a piano out of a plane over a military base?
(Interview question) Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
Why does math class teach kids about Japan, Germany, and Italy?
What's the difference between a psychologist and a groundskeeper?
What is the height of hunger?
Why do bakers start working so early in the morning?
What do you call a snobbish criminal going down the stairs?
What did the little black kid think when he got diarrhea?
How do senior citizens handle indoor skydiving?
Are you Microsoft Excel?
What's brown and sticky?
Where do you find a dog with no legs?
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda?
What does a raven bring on an airplane?
what do Nazis drive?
What do you tell a black jew?
Hey Sherlock, what type of stone is this?
What did the black kid get on his SAT's?
What's the difference between a Pakistani military post and a Pakistani elementary school?
How many Hippies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
You got a nice big stick layin' 'round in your store....?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
What kind of pants does Mario wear?
Did you hear about the new drug that makes its users apathetic?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
What do two Wrights make?
Why did the elf have to play with Mega Bloks?
What does the average Alabama football player get on his SATs?
What did the letter O say to Q?
What do you call it when Batman leaves church early?
Why did the programmer put on his glasses?
What is black and in jail?
A green man lives in a green house. A red man lives in a red house. Who lives in the white house?
How do you get an anorexic to gain 25 pounds?
What do you call a peaceful Indian sending a picture in the mail of a snobbish criminal going down stairs?
Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only six months?
What did the elephant say to the naked man?
What is trust?
Did you hear about the vampire comedian?
what do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
Whats the last thing you want to hear before you go to sleep?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call someone who is rude and has no corners?
Which spice is the worst at keeping secrets?
What does the fox say?
Why did the angry skeptic keep ignoring official reports about the eventual release of Half-Life 3?
Why couldn't the effective vitamin supplement achieve true happiness?
Where do you send hyperactive jewish children for summer vacation?
What job can you see yourself doing?
How does the queen bee get around the hive?
What do you call a chubby girl that's high?
What's black and screams?
Did you hear about the man who had his whole left side bitten off by a shark?
What do floppy disks and Jesus have in common?
Have you ever had Ethiopian food?
Why can't your hear a pteradactyl go to the toilet?
Why are mountains so funny?
What do you call a bitchy midget who can get to places quickly?
What starts with F and ends with UCK?
How do crazy people go thru the forest?
How many Redditors does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What is the wettest animal in the world?
What did that cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
What did the slaughterhouse foreman say when he found out his best butcher had his heart, lungs and kidneys ripped out in a cutter accident?
How do you titillate an ocelot?
What is Kathy Griffin's screen saver?
What's a wombat for?
When does a cub scout become a boy scout?
Why the big pause................................?
Do you want to hear a dirty joke?
What's the difference between a dwarven packrat and a venereal disease?
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
Did ya hear about the new pirate movie?
What did the shoelace say when I tried to tie it?
How do you stop an elephant from charging?
What did the turkey say to the goat?
Whats the name of the band with the most hits?
You ever notice how many narcissistic pirates there are?
What's the quickest way to lose pounds?
Why do scuba divers fall backwards off the boat?
How is marriage like a tornado?
What do you call a Nun in a wheelchair?
What is a Muslim baby's first word?
Where do you party on a ship?
Did you hear the one about the three deep holes in the ground?
Which country has the most number of bacteria, viruses, fungus and other micro-organisms?
How do call an idiot that has an assault rifle pointed at you?
Why did Bin Laden stop having sex?
What do you do to a dead scientist?
What's the difference between a baby and a washing machine?
Whats grey and comes in pints?
why should you be afraid if you see a bull chasing after you?
What was the first reference to pole vaulting in the Bible?
What do you call a joke without a punchline?
What do composers prepare their ingredients on?
What do you call bees that produce milk?
[sexist] Not a joke, but can you help me find it?
What do you call a chubby girl who's cranky, has bad breath and doesn't screw?
Who is an archaeologist?
What do you call a reptile wearing a vest?
Dad joke gold?
What does a baby look like after a minute in the microwave?
What did the doctor say to the rude patient who was reluctant to get stitches from him?
What does the fan of a shitty rock band, which canceled a gig in his city, say?
Did you hear about the Circus fire?
Why does SnoopDogg always carry an umbrella?
What do comedians put outside their house on Halloween?
What can a lawyer do that a duck can't?
Where did the Muslim go for his sandwich?
Is that ChapStick in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Why do Pillows work?
Why did Hitler shoot himself?
what do you call a gay french man?
What is it called when a ninja flees the scene of an accident?
What's the difference between Leonardo Dicaprio and Sesame Street?
What do you call a brown woman with a yeast infection?
Which type of soup is the heaviest?
What's white on top and black on bottom?
Want to know how to not get malware?
What political ideology does Hades consider himself to be apart of?
Why is Peter Pan always flying?
What do you tell a pornstar right before their video to pump them up?
Why did the Blonde's belly-button always hurt after sex?
What did the Mexican student write his essay about?
What is the most socially unacceptable joke you know?
How does the redneck help his wife with the dishes?
Did you hear about the newly sponsored gay NASCAR team?
Why did the prostitute cross the road?
Did you hear about the mushroom?
What do you call a sheep with no legs ?
How to convert QT3.14 into GF format?
What do you call a barn full of black people?
Why don't house painters wear wedding rings on the job?
How do you start a raid in Ethiopia?
Why did the sperm cross the road?
Why did the giraffe cross the highway?
How much cocaine can Charlie Sheen Do?
What is the difference between females aged: 8, 18, 28, 38, 48, 58, 68, and 78?
What's cooler than being cool?
If a quiz is quizical, what is a test ?
Hey, want to hear a joke?
Did you hear about the kidnapping in Dallas?
Did you hear about that actress that killed herself? Reese whatsername?
Why do Hasidic Jews dress so strangely?
How do I know if I'm pansexual?
Did you hear about the new "morning after" pill for men?
What do you call a girl that sleeps with you for your Adderall?
Mom, what's an orgasm?
On a scale of 1 to 100, how mature do you think you are?
What do you call 1000 lesbians with guns?
Why do natives hate snow?
What does the CEO of Keurig have in common with ISIS?
What's brown and sticky?
How do you find the pilot at a party?
What's the biggest cause of pedophilia in this country?
Want to hear a joke about paper?
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion?
Why does a dog lick it's balls?
What do you call a fat man trying out a new tempurpedic mattress?
What do you call the Knight who started the Round Table?
Why did the Mexican food go to counseling?
How does the rabbi make his tea?
Why do mermaids wear sea shells?
What are you supposed to do when someone is having a seizure in the bath?
What's the difference between babies and love?
What can a duck do that a lawyer can't?
What do you get when you cross a muppet with the Loch Ness monster?
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?
What's the most popular dance in Warsaw?
What does a man with a 10 inch dick eat for breakfast?
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire?
What comes after 69?
Why couldn't Sally use the swings?
How Do You Make Spider-Man Cry?
How do you spot a joke without a punchline?
Why are government buildings alike all around the world?
Did you hear ISIS blew up their first Italian recruit in a suicide bombing today?
What did Shakespeare say when Mr. Big proposed to him?
What happens when you cross Elton John and a sabre tooth tiger?
What time does a mechanic wake up?
How do you trolı̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̨l someone?
Whos the best jewish cook?
What do you do when you see and Mexican on a bike?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
How does a shepherd integrate black and white flocks?
Why did the narcissist with multiple personalities and a propensity for domestic violence only have one black eye?
Why is taking spanish 2 so awesome?
What do you call a dictionary on drugs?
How much cocaine can Charlie Sheen do?
Have you ever heard of the exhausted frog?
What do you call a woman with an opinion??
Why did the cow get a job at Google?
What did the elephant say to the naked guy?
What does Monica Lewinsky say to call her dog over?
What are a clumsy person's favorite flowers?
What does the Queen put on her toast?
How do you wake up Lady Gaga?
What do you call a dinosaur having brunch?
why should you never buy a Asian graphics card?
What do you call an Indian stoner?
Who makes more money, a hooker or a drug dealer?
Why should we elect Gabe Newell as President of the United States?
How do Germans tie there shoes?
What was Hitler's favorite drink?
What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice too long?
Why do Canadians prefer their jokes in hexadecimal?
Who is the poorest in England?
What is the definition of a farmer!?
What's the similarity between a dog and a bulldozer?
What?
What did the egg say to a pot of boiling water?
What is the one food that diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%?
What did the dick say to the balls?
What do you call a Cuban Atheist?
What is Reddits favorite country?
What did the chef say when Hannibal Lecter sent his breast meat back, complaining it was overcooked?
How do you kill a circus clown?
What did the russian say before Putin penetrated his asshole?
What happened to the tree after it caught fire?
Why is Microsoft skipping Windows 9?
Why are cigars unhealthier than cigarettes?
What is it called when a bull made of snow eats explosives?
Why do the French always were white when pole vaulting?
Want to hear the new word I just created?
What does your mother and a neckbeard have in common?
Want to hear a broad generalization?
Why did the laptop memory have such a hard time in school?
How does a butcher introduce his wife?
How long does it take a black woman to take a shit?
Did you know that Australians don't ever actually have sex?
What's a man in a hurry like to drink?
What is the difference between a dead hooker and an onion?
What's green and bad for your eyes?
Did you hear how the crazy camping show was last weekend?
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle?
What do you call a deer with flashlights for eyes?
Daddy where do people come from?
What do you call a tree that you can fit in your hand?
What Memories?
What's the difference between jam and marmalade?
What do Kermit The Frog'S fingers smell like?
Do you have straws?
Where does Christian Grey make photocopies?
What does a WoW player with tubercolosis say when he ends a conversation?
Kind of a pick up line?
What do you get when you cross an Aboriginal with a Caucasian?
Are you celebrating Chinese New Year, gurrrl?
Forty minutes before we get to the first sex scene in Fifty Shades Of Grey?
Want to hear a dirty joke?
Want to hear a short joke?
What do you call homosexual dinosaurs?
What do you call a Cuban Prime Minister with a lot of attitude?
What starts with "F" and ends with "UCK"? What starts with "P" and ends with "ORN"?
What department do you not want to end up at in a corporation run by cannibals?
Why did the cow slap the bull?
What do you call a gay loaf of bread?
What is a modern name for a store that specializes in the sale of pornography?
What does a Lamb say after the Chinese New Year celebration?
Why did the mushroom get invited to the party?
What did the deaf, blind dumb kid get for Christmas?
What do you call a moving company owned by cows?
What is Gucci Mane's favorite kind of cheese?
Did you hear about the man with 5 penises?
Why is The Hulk going to get laid tonight?
Whats the difference between acne and the pope?
What would the world be like without women?
Why did the woman marry the shoe maker?
What is the recommended psychological treatment for mentally ill statisticians?
Where did little Lisa go after she got hit by a truck?
A brown bear and a polar bear fall into the water. Which one dissolves?
Whats the difference between a hormone and an enzyme?
How do you make holy water?
If a psychic goes to the bathroom in the forest, does he make a sound?
Why couldn't the Duke of Esterházy find his music composer?
What do you call Winnie The Pooh's grandmother?
Who is Reddits favrite musician?
What is the opposite of Christopher Walkin?
What do all the sexy ladies of r/gonewild have in common?
What do you call a very smart glass of lemonade that is gay?
Why couldn't the troll catch any fish?
Did you hear about the guy who died after eating chicken?
What does a guy with a big dick eat for breakfast?
What do smart blondes and UFO's have in common?
What type of sea creature do Chinese fishermen catch?
Whats the difference between a woman and a feminist?
Why was the comic book series depressed?
Why did Hitler fail math?
Why are quantum physicists so bad at sex?
Do You Know A Good Place to Get Scrod?
What piece of furniture can you find in a gay frat house?
How is a lesbian like a camel?
not necessary to have a high IQ to be an attorney?
What sex position produces the ugliest kids?
Hey, is your name Paul Revere?
What language do teapots speak?
What do you call Bruno Mars?
Why are male bathrooms on the left, and female bathrooms on the right?
What do you call an easy lifestyle revolving around eating Chinese food?
Did you hear about that really successful scarecrow?
How come Smokey the Bear doesn't have any children?
Where do Crows hang out on friday night?
Why was tigger looking down the toilet?
Where does a cow go to watch a film?
Where do all guys come from?
Why did Sarah name her pet Fawn 99 Cents?
What do you get when you cross Paris Hilton with Iggy Azalea?
What's do you get when you mix a zebra and a donkey?
Where do Crows hang out on a friday nght?
What do you call a murderer who pours their mike before the cereal?
What happens when you mix a joke and a rhetorical question?
What do you call a whistleblower stuck in a blizzard?
Why is six afraid of seven?
What do you call a retarded five year old chained to a slab with his asshole lubed up?
How do u call a Boomerang that doesnt come back ?
What does R. Kelly have in common with Malaysian Airlines?
Why are feet so funny?
What did the spilled noodles say to the sauce pan?
Are Computers Male or Female?
Why are Bananas and Chocolate Good friends?
What phrase would a neckbeard who watches South Park use the most?
Why does Dr. Pepper come in bottles?
What did the right eye say to the left?
What do neckbeards like to spread on their toast?
Innocence, Frustration, Agony, what are they really?
What do you call a Pixar film about Carpets?
Why can't you escape the angry forest?
What makes perfect sense?
What do you call two debunked ghost sightings?
Why is it that there aren't much natural oil resources in China?
What comes after 69?
If your vagina or dick were to be an animal, what would it be?
What's the difference between a Ritz and a lesbian?
Why do we feel like whistleblowers right now?
what did the cookie say to the supermodel?
Why did the guy get aroused by the highway?
What do Grateful Dead fans say when they run out if weed?
How do you make a hormone?
Why didn't Hannibal Lecter have any friends as a kid?
What insect would Richard Simmons be?
When's a door not a door?
How many Sayians does it take to change a light bulb?
What's the difference between a crocodile and a toothbrush?
Why are women so afraid of looking stupid?
Did you know 50% of Asians in America have cataracts?
What did Batman say to Robin before they got into the car?
Why are mountains so funny?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
Whats the difference between a burglar and an ex-wife?
What's 12 inches long and stiff in the morning?
Why do women find the guy in 50 Shades of Grey sexy?
What do you call a bolshevik in a hurry?
Why should you never date a tennis player?
What fabric is worn in Soviet Russia?
How often do chemists use HIO₄?
What is a Jamaican's favorite video game?
I met a girl with 12 Nipples, sounds funny?
How does Anakin Skywalker get around the Death Star?
How does every black joke start?
What type of milk does Mitt Romney use with his cereal?
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?
How much did the pirate farmer charge for his corn?
What do u call a girl having no boyfriend?
What do you call a French cow that grows sprouts instead of fur?
Have you heard about Prince Oxygen?
What is a test tube baby's biggest fear?
What is Kim Kardashian's favorite sex position?
Why do so many new brides get crow's feet as soon as they're married?
What do Mexicans write in school?
What do you call a muslim, jackie gleason impersonator?
What do you call the pirate with the second largest penis?
What is that thing on top of a helicopter?
How many ways are there to please a guy?
What do you call an archer who got his arms cut off?
Have you heard that Gandalf is joining the Seahawks as a coach?
Why are almost all brides dresses white?
Why was the plumber stressed?
What do you call a $300 hand job from a rapper?
What Did The Dying Gambler Say To His Wife?
What is Batman's least favorite TV channel?
What kind of guns do bees use?
Where the most likely place to find a crack whore?
Why Can't the Guy Addicted to Brake Fluid Quit?
What does the president of Russia call his toilet?
Did you hear about the Ramen warehouse that burned down?
What is the definition of a Freudian slip?
What is a pirate's favorite letter?
Why do lesbians never cook?
What is a German's favorite Pokemon?
Why does Edward Woodwood have four D's in his name?
Did you hear they caught the peeping tom in Nunavut?
What do you call an intersection where a lot of Asians cross?
Why couldn't the artist get a driver's license?
How do u know if a company that just hired you conducts drug tests?
What do you get when you cross a tyrannosaurus rex with fireworks?
Will you be my horcrux?
What is Helen Keller's favorite color?
Why were the ants dancing on top of the jar of jam?
What does a vegan zombie eat?
What's a sailor's favorite solvent?
Why didn't Hitler ever order the French Dip sandwich when he went out to eat?
What do you call a man under a pile of leaves? - Russell. What do you call a man under a pile of leaves for thousands of years?
Hey, did you hear about the Mexican-Indian twins that just moved in next door?
What kind of cell phone doesn't have a lock?
Why don't men want to go down on a woman first thing in the morning?
How did the hipster burn his tongue ?
What's George Washington's favorite element?
What do the Japanese do when they have an erection?
What do you call an arrogant prisoner walking down the stairs?
What do fat women get for valentines day?
What ship will never set sail for OP?
Excuse me, do you have a valentine's card that says "You're the love of my life"?
When is a door not a door?
Whats a frogs favourite website??
How many divorced men does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What music do cats prefer?
Why are black people always telling each other to take a piss?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why do people looking for motivational seminars and people attending bodybuilding competitions keep accidentally going to each other's events?
What's Gollum's favourite food?
Why was the man hanging out in the market all day?
What is "Paulie" Pennino's favorite restaurant?
What Happened to the Man who Threw a Flaming Bag of Poo?
What do single people call Valentine's Day?
Really Google auto-complete?
Did you hear about the guy who could only count using odd numbers?
If a man named Terry Richards kills you because you insulted him; what did you die of?
Why is Superman wanted by the police?
What do you call a Mexican with no car?
Whats the difference between a boy scout and a jew?
Why did the motorcycle suddenly stop running?
What Does an Old Lady's Vagina Taste Like?
What did the french chef give his wife on Valentine's day?
What did the physicist say to the suicidal guy on the bridge?
What is a suicidal person's favorite card game?
What's Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable?
Want to hear a good comeback story?
How many Tenors does it take to screw in a Lightbulb?
Why do we never take the time to thank mislabeled concrete?
Why is the number '9' like a peacock?
What is the difference?
What do two people with Parkinson's disease do when they meet for the first time?
What do you call it when an employee poops in the food at a Chinese restaurant?
How do you circumcise a West Virginian man?
What do you call the grounds of a university that specializes in teaching neuroscience to hippopotamuses?
Why did the grain call his sister "momma"?
When should funerals occur?
What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea?
Why was the piano invented?
What do you call friendship between punctuation?
Why did Angelina tell Brad to do squats?
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?
What does a dog see in the mirror?
What's the deal with rape whistles?
What do you do with a Jew who has ADHD?
Why couldn't the surgeon 3D print a new pair of lungs?
Why are assholes always more successful than you?
Sir, on a scale of 1 to drunk, where would you say you stand?
Have you got a dog?
What do you call it when Wonder Woman does too many drugs?
Did you know that a chicken coop can't have more than 3 doors?
What's the difference between the calendar and you?
Did hear about the explosion at the Kosher bread factory in Berlin?
So, did you see?
How did the Endorian get to school every day?
What have women and condoms got in common?
How many Frenchman does it take to defend France?
Girl, are you wearing a diaper?
Dad-which one do u love more?
What do you call a black guy that you can't see at night?
How do you find a velociraptor?
What's the difference between a horny man and a vampire?
Why are turn signals great workers?
Did you hear about the butcher that backed into his meat grinder?
Why do white girls group in odd numbers?
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino?
What do you get when you cross Hitler with a black woman?
How come no baby train?
What do mathematicians read for fun?
Where do you find a dog with no legs?
Why did the man with bronchitis get cremated..?
What does a walrus and Tupperware have in common?
You hear what happened to the beauty pageant contestant that came out covered in beef cuts?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?
What was John Locke's favorite beer?
Why is Santa's sack so big?
What's a teenage fish's favorite website?
What's Fermat's favorite topic in Mathematics aside from his theorem?
Did you hear about the man who fell into a lens grinder?
How do you know when a woman is about to say something smart?
WHAT WILL YOU DO?
Why was the baby elf sad?
What do priests and christmas trees have in common?
who paid?
Why did the number 6 cry?
What's the square root of 69?
What murder mystery is especially popular among mathematicians?
¿Qué tipo de oso es muy desconocido?
Why are all these Juice fad diets so popular?
What do you tell a girl with two black eyes?
What's the worst part of locking your keys in the car at an abortion clinic?
Who are the fastest readers in the world?
What kind of a cake requires goggles to eat?
Wanna hear a joke?
Why was six afraid of seven?
What did the Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor?
What do you call Kim Jong-un reading a Stephen King novel?
What do you get when you mix an insomniac, an agnostic, and a dyslexic?
What do you call a masturbating cow?
What is the difference between Susan Boyle and a aircondtioner?
Why isn't China a democracy?
What do you call a prostitute that has sex for free?
What happens when you combine alcohol and literature?
Two cats are swimming across a river, who made it across?
What did they call that ancient philosopher from China who quoted a lot about a woman's pussy?
How did the bird get his bluetooth to work?
How did Will Smith get caught for committing 1st degree murder?
What does an optimist call the World Trade Center?
What's a redditors favorite governing body?
How do you make a hormone?
What do you call a hippopotamus with an STD?
What lives on a farm and says moo?
What do you call a White Woman that has had over 4 Abortions?
What's the most sensitive part of your body after you masturbate?
What can both Christians and Atheists agree on about Jesus?
Why did the chicken nugget cross the road?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What do you call a woman who throws letters in the fire?
What's the best way to get home from school?
What's the one kind of marriage that's still frowned upon in Alabama?
Where do onions fight?
What do you call a dinosaur who knows how to please its woman?
What did the dill pickle say to jennifer lopez?
What's the most sensitive part of your body when you masturbate?
What's the difference between a cow, and 9/11?
What did the cannibal say to his co-worker?
What did the British gentlepimp say to his accountant bitch?
What did the customer say to the overworked seamstress?
Which Spanish superhero has three wives?
what did the captain say when the navigator complained they were off course?
What do you call a bear with no teeth?
What did one ocean say to the other?
How do you fit an elephant in a Safeway bag?
What did the Giant say after he ate Tonga?
How do you prevent alcoholism?
You ever hear the joke about the 3 holes in the back yard?
How many dyslexics does it take to bulb a light change?
How do you spot a sumo at a feminist rally?
What do you call a fat Taylor Swift?
What did Rihanna say when asked why she was still with Chris Brown?
How does Sean Connery shave?
What do you call five black men having sex?
How does Moses make his coffee?
Why weren't the baked beans heating up?
Why was the mushroom invited to the party?
What the japanese version of mission impossible?
What's the hardest part about being a gay, black police officer?
whats the worst thing about being a black jew?
How does Big Boss store his photos?
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino?
How many tweekers does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did the chicken cross the playground?
What do you call a selfless pastrami?
What do all battered women have in common?
How do you have a party in space?
What vegetable has Avoidant Personality Disorder?
Did you hear about the baby that was born with three knees?
Did you hear about the guy that only ate one chicken leg per day?
Why was the French chef sent to prison?
What did Jesus' disciples say when he caught all those fishes?
Why did so many jews die at Auschwitz?
What does a Christian terrorist say before blowing up?
What did the penis say to the condom?
What did the Arab's father say when the teacher told him his son bombed the test?
Why did the monkey get lost in the jungle?
What kind of flour is independent?
What has happened to common sense these days?
What word becomes shorter when you add two letters?
How do trains from different countries understand each other?
What's red and smells like blue paint?
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino?
How many Christian women does it take to change a lightbulb?
What has two legs and bleeds a lot?
Wenn ist das Nunstück git und Slotermeyer?
What do performing oral sex on a constipated woman and working for the Mafia have in common?
What do you call drunken cunnilingus?
What do you call a sexy cousin?
Do you know what my dad and Brad Pitt have in common?
What does the nosey pepper do?
What do vegetables say when they go to party's?
What do Mexicans use to cut their pizza?
I'm agnostic. What happens to me when I die?
What did the Men's Right's Activist say when he left his piano out in the rain?
What country are you most likely to get a disease?
Why did Bruce Jenner crash his car?
What do you call a woman that sets her bills on fire?
How many people from Svalbard does it take to change a light-bulb?
What is the coldest dish at a Mexican restaurant?
What do you call a priest giving a long, boring sermon?
How is Jerry Sandusky like a tortoise?
What do you call a beautiful woman on the arm of a banjo player?
What has Margaret Thatcher and Jimmy Saville got in common?
Why did the girl fall off the swing?
What's the difference between a civilian camp and an ISIS base?
Whats the difference between a corvette and a blowjob?
What does Soylent Green taste like?
What's a Russian's favorite Italian dish?
What do you call a guy who hangs out with musicians?
What is a lesbians favorite type of woodworking joint?
What Do You Call an Epileptic in a Pile of Leaves?
I'm agnostic. What happens when I die?
What' the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps?
What's black and white and can't turn around in a corridor?
What's the difference between a Pickpocket and a Peeping Tom?
Why are liars so lazy?
Do Muslims scream Allahu Akbar when they blow their load into a goat?
What did one testicle say to the other?
What's the difference between two dicks and a joke?
Did you hear about the race between the lettuce and the tomato?
Why does Neville Longbottom like herbology so much?
For my SysAdmins and DBA's: Why did Hitler secretly want to work on MySQL?
why was the sand wet?
What do you call a very forgiving lawyer?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
Why can't you fool an aborted fetus?
How do you circumcise a hillbilly?
What do you call pickled bread?
Where can Sihks and Muslims buy headwear?
Is it a coincidence that as soon as Bruce Jenner turns into a female, that she becomes a bad driver?
What do you call a huge pile of kittens?
What do you call a joke that is not funny?
What do you call an ugly dinosaur?
How many people from Cornwall does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why do old people read the bible so much?
So, a bird flies in front of a pitcher and gets hit by a baseball. What do the umpires rule it?
So, Bruce Jenner wants to become a women, eh?
How do you leave a bunch of idiots in suspense?
What anime do Mexicans watch?
What's a Redditor's favorite color?
What do you get when a cow jumps over a barbed-wire fence?
What's the problem with North Korea?
What is a duck's favorite drug?
Why is Pavlov's hair so soft?
What do you get when you have a nosey pepper?
What's do you call a cross between an elephant and a rhino?
What are the chances you know an Olympic gymnast??
Do you need an arc?
What did Katy Perry steal from Dr. Frankenstein's closet?
Is it weird that Nirvana's In Utero album cover turns me on?
What do you call the most successful vasectomist in American history?
Have you heard about the new restaurant on the moon?
What do Asian pirates do?
Who do you give a lost gun to?
What do you call it when you hold a Jewish girl under the covers and fart?
Want to hear a joke about pizza?
What's long, black, and dangerous to cut?
How long does it take for a Somalian to shit?
Did you hear that Lorena Bobbitt got killed in a car crash?
Math joke: Why can't you derivate a social scientist?
More than one punchline?
How many moderators does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do calenders eat?
Where do you get 'Extra Virgin' olive oil?
Did you hear Bruce Jenner was in a car accident?
what's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer?
What's the most annoying thing someone can say?
Why do golfers bring an spare change of pants?
How do you circumcise a redneck?
What did they call Muhammad Ali when he got the farts?
How can a law student make it?
What Kind of Pee Comes Out Your Butt?
What's the best language for jokes?
What do you call a lesbian who drives a Chevy Astro full of penises?
What do you call it when a transcendentalist author looks at old photos?
What did Mike Tyson call the groom with cold feet?
Why was Thor disappointed by his birthday party?
What do a nearsighted gynecologist and a dog have in common?
What's the best way to piss off your best friend?
What is the difference between a black person and a tire?
What did the baker name her dog?
Did you hear about the girl who went fishing with 5 guys?
Where did the small road go to college?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What did the two oceans say to each-other?
What do you call a security guard stationed outside of a Samsung?
What is the name of that restaurant?
What does a Mexican magician use?
What do you call a white girl that runs faster than her brothers?
What is the difference between a gay guy and a fridge?
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working?
Did you hear about the shooting at the blind school?
What do you call a Mexican Jedi?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
Why are redneck murders hard to solve?
Why is it that when Dick Cheney shot someone in the face, nothing happened, but when Clinton did it he was impeached?
What did one ocean say to the other?
What do you call a homeless horse?
How do you stop your dog from humping your leg?
Where does a porn addict keep his videos?
How do you save a drowning black family?
Why are there so many Asians?
If Pokemon had a national holiday, what would it be called?
How did Canada get its name?
How do astronomers organize a party?
Why doesn't Usain Bolt have a girlfriend?
Whats the difference between a Greyhound bus station and a Lobster with a breast implant?
Why was the guitar teacher arrested?
What does a cannibal do after he dumps his wife?
What belongs in the bank and doesn't exist?
What did Ahab yell out to Moby Dick as it swam away?
How did Kikkoman soy sauce move production to China?
What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer?
What do you call an upside-down "W"?
What did Ozzy Osbourne do after eating a whole Bull?
Why are women's feet smaller than men's?
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working?
Why does Dr. Pepper come in bottles?
Did you hear about the SJW that shot up that mall?
What did the cashier say after handing down a wad of currency to Dracula?
Why did the scientist study soda?
What group would an obese racist join?
How do you organize a space party?
[OC] What is the emergency number?
How many dead babies does it take to fill up my house?
What do Jesus and a nerd have in common?
Why did the greek philosopher break in two?
Why can't the two melons get married?
I have this idea tell me what you think?
Why did Al Gore have to schedule a dentist appointment?
Did you hear about the flasher who was thinking about retiring?
Why don't sharks eat niggers?
What is the difference between Jesus and Hitler?
Knock, knock. Who's there?
Walk a mile in someone else's shoes?????
What do you do after you licked the softest and sweetest puss in the world?
What's 20 feet long and smells like piss?
What do you call a party with 100 midgets?
What did the triangle need to do before he could get a loan?
How do you get a 90 year old lady to yell fuck?
How is American beer like having sex in a canoe?
Why did the music critic compare the song to a foul-mouthed mixture of sand and wind?
Why couldn't the physicist understand how boats work?
Which person leaves first after a glory hole blowjob?
What sis Selenium say to Xenon?
How did Freddie Mercury do in school?
What kind of drugs to tumblr users take?
Hello everyone. How are we?
Whats the complement to a 40 degree angle?
If a stork symbolizes birth what type of bird symbolizes birth control?
Knock-knock. Who's there?
Why are there so few professional pedophiles?
Did I ever tell you about the time I had a fart that lasted for an entire minute?
How many hippies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why is Cinderella so bad at football?
How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the difference between my meat and my wife?
What was Hitler's favorite food?
What do you call the man who proofread Hitler's speeches?
What is the purpose of the bumps around a womens nipple?
What did the elevator say to the stairs?
How many does it take?
Why are Nazis so good at math?
Son, who is that German guy who keeps hiding things in our house?
Did you hear about the native American who tried to beat the world record for drinking the most tea?
What is a prostitutes business motto?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
What do elderly zombies crave?
What kind of chili do they serve at the cannibal prison??
What type of bonds deals with the bad guys?
What's the cutest part of a house?
Who is this Rorschach guy?
What do you call a condensed version of the history of ISIS?
There's 500 bricks in a plane. How many are there if you throw one out?
What do you call a smarty pants?
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and acne?
What's a crossfit bro's favorite Italian dish?
What's a Porn Star's favorite spell?
Is there some organization that evaluates the quality of shea butter?
What tastes good on pie, but not on pussy?
why are most reddit posts medium rare?
How many men does it take to open a can of beer?
Why did the chicken cross the Möbius strip?
Do you know why the nobles always mistreated their peasants?
What did the blind paraplegic get for Christmas?
What will never be read in braille?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What did 0 say to 8?
What do you call a dog that harasses kids?
Why does it take more than a million sperms to fertilize one egg?
How do cats let us know that they are in pain ?
What do you and a black hole have in common?
Why don't amateur pornstars use big words?
What do hobbits secretly call Gandalf when he drinks too much ?
What do you call a pig that knows karate?
What size box of condoms do you never want to buy?
Anyone ever see Stevie Wonders wife?
What's the worst part about being a gay bathhouse attendant?
How many absurdists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What happens when someone mixes Francium, Oxygen, Tungsten, and Nitrogen after it explodes?
What stresses fish out the most?
Where did the suicide bomber go when he died?
What do your mother and a marathon have in common?
Why did the duck go into Rehab?
Why were the people in the twin towers so upset?
Why are women like magazines?
What do you call a butt inspection by ISIS?
Why should you try to date girls you meet at the gym?
How does Sean Connery shave?
Why would somebody punch a sheep?
What are the inhabitants of Crete called?
Why do asians eat dogs?
Why is 2 Phosphorus Oxygen Carbon the greatest rapper from the elements?
Did you hear about the word that's changed in the dictionary?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom?
What is a Canadian's favourite letter?
What do you call an Arab man who drives a bus?
What did one tampon say to the other?
What do you call a redhead with a yeast infection?
What kind of bird flies around bays?
Why did the banker resign?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
What runs well and efficiently except when you need it to?
What does an Alzheimer's patient say whenever they browse /r/funny?
What's worse than a worm in your apple?
What do lawyers wear to court?
Do Frenchmen like slides?
What did Missy Elliot say to Tony Abbot?
What is the difference between a Chickpea and a Lentil?
What did Chris Christie say when asked if he had plans to run in the 2016 presidential election?
Why the patriots deflated 11 balls out of 12?
How do you describe getting cancer on your resume?
LPT: Think content you are looking for has been removed from the internet?
An art teacher comes across a badly made nude painting. What does she say?
Hey Seattle, Wanna win the Superbowl?
If Gandalf was a women, what color would her robes be?
How did the turtle with no arms and no legs cross the freeway?
Where can you find the best joke book in the world?
What's the worst thing about eating a vegetable?
What's better than being the first Black President of the United States?
How do Russians in the taiga make fun of each other online?
How do you reuse a condom?
Do you know what's the hardest about being a narcissist?
Why didn't the Seahawks give the ball to Marshawn Lynch?
What's a mathematician's favorite plant?
Hey Seattle, wanna win the Superbowl?
Does anyone know any good Groundhog Day jokes?
What do you get if you cross an illiterate african american with an illegal hispanic immigrant looking for a green card?
What do you call an Irishman who slept out on the lawn all night?
What do you say to encourage someone who is masturbating?
What did the number 0 say to the number 8?
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
Why was Noah the best businessman?
How do you know you're a Seattle Seahawk?
Hey, you wanna win?
What's the difference between six dicks and a joke?
Why should you never tell jokes about Hitler?
Why did the football coach go to the bank?
How do you make the 12th man Happy?
How did King George view the colonists?
How do you win a superbowl without cheating?
How do you know if you have an underbite?
How to comfort a homosexuals family if hes in a coma?
Black Panties?
What's a woman's best curve?
How did pinocchio find out that he was made out of wood?
How do you kill 10 flies at once?
How was my engagement the same as my divorce?
Did Ilean ever get in touch with you?
What do you call a root vegetable wearing a tank top?
Why did my girlfriend cross the road?
What do you call an interracial dwarf actor?
Why do women fake orgasms?
What's the best part of having kids?
What do you do when you come across a bear in the woods?
The best part about Puppy Bowl?
Guess where my cheating girlfriend now lives?
What's the difference between a waterproofer and a porn star?
Don't you hate it when someone answers their own questions?
What do you call a Lesbian Dinosaur?
What would Michael Jackson be doing if he were alive right now?
My dad told me this one: What do you call a room full of 50 lesbians and 50 nuns?
What do you call a gay tramp?
Why is it called stand-up comedy?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
What do you call a wife that knows where her husband is at all time?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What's the difference between a plastic tube and an adjustable spanner ?
What's the best form of protection when you don't have a condom?
What do The Walking Dead and the state of Wisconsin have in common?
What do you get when you cross a rooster and an owl?
What did the quadruple amputee say when he couldn't solve the riddle?
What do you get when you cross egg whites with a bomb?
Why did the baker only date large breasted women?
What does IDK stand for?
What did the Hawaiian Jihadist say?
What did M. Night Shyamalan say about a duck's penis?
What's the easiest thing to lift with a forklift?
what do you call 2 Puerto Ricans playing basketball?
What is the first thing a cannibal does after dumping his girlfriend?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
Want to know how to make tons of people mad real fast?
Why did the groom want his bride to wear white?
What does The Lion King have a lot of?
How do you tell who the extroverted engineers are?
Did you hear about the lawyer with a fetish for loopholes?
Why did the console player cross the road?
What do you call a cow masterbating?
What did the Jew say to Kim Kardashian's booty?
Why are wedding in Wales so inexpensive?
What's Romeo and Juliette's least favorite fruit?
How can you use a banana as a compass?
What does a man with a 10 inch dick have for breakfast?
What's the difference between an American zoo and a Chinese zoo?
Have you ever seen one of those billboards that just says "AVAILABLE" and a phone number?
What's Adam Levine's favorite holiday?
Why couldn't the dinosaur cross the road?
What disease do terrible parkers have?
What do you call a gang of penguins?
What was the last thing that went through JFK Jr's mind when his plane crashed?
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume?
What's the only thing worse than a poop joke?
What do Jews throw when they riot?
What did 50cent say when Eminem made him a sweater for Christmas?
How do tiny Mexicans cut their pizza?
Who does a lobster have in common with a broken hearted chinaman?
What do buzzards in Kansas eat?
Are curses real?
Did you hear about the tourist who visited France?
what do you call twin chinese rappers?
What's the difference between a muffin and a jew?
What happened to the Italian chef when he died?
Why did the man drowning in the river think he wasn't going to die?
Son: Mom! What’s a gf?
What's the best way to get a Punjab in India?
What do you do if a 4 year old girl catches you masturbating?
(Restaurant joke) What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe?
Did you hear about that new restaurant on the moon?
What's the difference between a shrimp with big tits and a bus station full of old people?
Will playing "GTA IV: The Ballad of Gay Tony" make me a homosexual?
What does a baby computer call it's father?
What kind of potato chips do dogs like best?
How many retards does it take to push a bus?
What's the difference between child prostitution & whisky?
What do you call a chocolate cake??
For all you World of Tanks players: what does LTP stand for?
What do you call a robot whose brain is unplugged?
What did the call of duty player say to his girlfriend about gaining weight?
What is long, white, and very sticky?
Why is it called PMS?
Why can't you have sex after playing Assassin's Creed?
What do computer programmers and aged-care nurses have in common?
What did the fish thief say to the cops when he turned himself in?
What do ateists wear on their necks as an indication of their commitment to the atheism?
What do you call an actor who converts to Judaism?
Did you know that diarrhea is hereditary?
A Spanish, Greek and Portuguese man go to a bar. Who pays for the drinks?
What is mother-approved and child-tested?
Did you hear about the Marine Rabbi that travelled the world giving circumcisions?
What do straight guys and lesbians have in common?
What does a baby computer call its father?
Who is both a knight and a spy?
How do you keep an idiot busy?
What did the scarecrow say before committing suicide?
How many successive 'ands' can you fit into a sentence with it still making sense?
Anyone seen "Captain Phillips"?
Do you know the best way to cook lamb?
How do you keep an AssHole in suspense?
What's the best part of having sex with twenty seven year olds?
What happened to the road?
Want to hear a muslim joke?
Anyone heard that joke going around about paper?
What Does a Man With a 12 Inch Cock Have For Breakfast?
What did the Lion say to the Rhino?
Why didn't the airline passenger check his vulture?
How did Harry potter get down the mountain?
What do you call a nice guy with hemorrhoids?
What's the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels?
What building has the most stories?
What do they tell Soviet children who want to achieve their dreams?
How do you spell Canada in Canadian?
Why do Russians celebrate Christmas on the 7th of January?
How do you know if a flock of geese is from Canada?
What is politics?
Why did the man drowning in the Nile River think he wasn't going to die?
Did you hear about the two guys that stole a calendar?
Where does Batman go to get a haircut?
Why was the cop absent from work?
Did you Scratch the car ?
How do you kill a circus?
Why should you never play Uno with a foreigner?
What does a computer say when it encounters a skunk?
What do sick composers drink?
Why can't Helen Keller drive?
What did Sting get in Amsterdam?
What does a black man and a tornado have in common?
Which video game would Adolf Hitler play?
What's a communists favourite sporting event?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
What does a hillbilly farmer call a deer with no eyes?
Did you see the headline about the 5 foot tall psychic that escaped from prison?
How do you have nasal sex?
How can i convince my Buddhist friend that he owes me money from 3 lifetimes ago?
What do you call a fake piece of spagetti?
What is the difference between a boat and a woman?
Why do New Zealanders have so many furry conventions?
Why couldn't Ray Charles read?
What sexual position produces the ugliest babies?
Why do we all need a Jew for a friend?
If a male asks another male for assistance helping him put on a particular piece of clothing, what is it?
How does the Catholic Church make their holy water?
What do you call a midget who directs Dirty Jobs?
Anyone still keeping up with their New Year's resolutions?
What do they call number 17 in black jack ?
What does batman get in his drinks?
Where does virgin wool come from?
When should I borrow the Fatboy Slim joke from the library?
Why did the condom fly across the room?
What's the difference between the Rolling Stones and Scotsman?
What color were eyes of the Astronaut on the Challenger when it exploded?
Why are fisherman so successful in business?
OC that I came up with whilst daydreaming: Why is there no sofa in the forbidden kingdom?
Do you like The Pussycat Dolls?
What has 10,000 legs and can't walk?
Why don't asians like to applause?
How do you tell if someone is riding a bicycle for fitness or because they have a DUI?
Is it alright to kiss a nun?
What happens to a bacteria when he travels from his home colony to another?
Who are the greatest philosophers today?
What do you call a melon that's had a bit too much to drink?
What do a chop shop and a desperate actress have in common?
What's a philosophers favorite toy?
So, What do you call some soapy water on the floor?
Which is more stable, a hamburger or a steak?
How many women does it take to make me a sandwich?
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends?
What's the square root of 69?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Do you remember when your grandma was younger?
How come the T Rex was an excellent stenographer?
Are you a geologist?
How do you titillate an ocelot?
What do you call the higher-ups of the World Health Organisation?
how many people does it take to save the world?
What did Marshawn Lynch say when he went to traffic school?
Why should the Roman Catholic Church allow priests to marry?
Why do terrorists recruit married men as suicide bombers?
What is the most crucial element of Oology?
Did you hear about the psychic dwarf who escaped from prison?
How do you know your fridge is going through menopause?
How come we never see hideous fish men around any more?
Who can shave 25 times in one day, and still have a beard?
What do you call a farmer who is really good at his job?
What is the most popular vehicle in South America?
How are asymptotes like women?
What do you call a fedora wearing neck beard president's wife?
Are you seeing someone?
Why did God create men?
Why did the physicist throw out his shag rug?
What fruit worries teenagers the most?
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other?
what do mexicans and cue balls have in common?
Why are manholes round?
Did you hear about the blonde who tried the Dr. Scholls footmapping machine?
What do you call a dog with no hind legs and metal balls?
Where do people with one leg work?
Why wasn't Jesus born in Puerto Rico?
What do you call a pirate's girlfriend?
Did you hear about the comedian that calls himself "The Sofa King"?
Any golf jokes?
What is Adam's brother called?
What happens when you get mixed up in an undersea gang war?
What is Romeo and Juliet's least favorite fruit?
What did the suicide bomber ask his son?
What do you call a fat psychic?
What did Ernie say when Bert asked him if he wanted some ice cream?
How many theoretical physicists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What did the eyeball say?
What website do emo kids use for business networking?
Are My Testicles Black?
What does Bob the spider do for a living?
How are blizzards and men alike?
What did the Zucchini say when it got stepped on?
How many penises it takes to satisfy president Obama?
Why are Mexicans called spics?
What's the square root of 69?
What type of wood is the most expensive?
How many Juggalos does it take to change a light bulb?
Why is Africa hot?
What's the difference between a tropical beach and a priest?
What's the difference between a homeless man and a trash can?
Wanna know how to get an interest free loan?
What is a black's favorite letter?
Why did Eminem make a terrible barista?
Did you hear the one about the Jewish carpenter?
What did the officials say whenever systematic punishment was banned?
What's worse than getting AIDs?
What happened to Loki after he wath hit in hith fathe with Odin'th Hammer?
What do you call a veal-birthing cow?
What is the worst part about being black?
(OC) Where did the frog say his family came from?
What does the Dalai Lama order from the pizza shop?
When do you care for a man's company?
What do you get when a cow has sex with coffee?
What kind of coffee do terrorists hate?
What did little Suzy spy with her little eye?
Did you hear about the lady that had breast implants made of oak?
Did you hear about the 50yo who couldn't deliver a baby?
What do you call a blind person who can't find his/her glasses?
Mr. Belichick how do you feel about these accusations against your organization?
Why can't you use sarcasm with a kleptomaniac?
Why can't you barbecue in Amsterdam?
What do you call a banana you want tomorrow in spanish?
What do you call a hurtful play on words?
Why did the flume ride need repairs?
Why does the Pope kiss the ground when he gets off his plane?
Why do animal rights activists hate NASA?
What do you calla judge with no thumbs?
How do u find an old man in the dark?
What do you get when you cross weed with weed?
Why did the Windows OS skip from 8 to 10?
What's the difference between a divorce and a tornado in the south?
Why did the semen cross the road?
How much did the critic tip the waiter?
What's every neckbeard's favorite singer?
What does Joe Pesci order at Burger King?
What did the irritated man say to his inguinal hernia?
How do you catch a unique rabbit?
what do you call the act of masturbation before you sleep?
Who is the most trustworthy lover?
Where do Old Egyptian people go to Swim?
What's ten inches long, has a bright purple tip, and made my wife cry when I made her eat it after jamming it up her ass?
Why is 1 disapproving of 6?
Do you want to hear a joke about Ebola?
Why didn't the mother splinter call her son on his birth-day?
Did you hear about the Vatican's new navy?
Why does Lichtenstien never lose a race?
How did a hipster burn his mouth?
Where was Hitler sitting?
What's long, sensitive, and stimulating?
What does Joe Pesci order at Burger King?
How much did the critic tip the waitor?
How many pancakes can you fit into a dog house?
What was Hitler's favorite TV show?
What's the difference between a pedophile and a cinephile?
If only 10 people were to stay alive in this world. what number of healthy males do you think is a good number?
How would Arnold Schwarzenegger describe a sousaphone?
What kind of bees make milk?
What would a scandal involving Microsoft be called?
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court?
Do you know how to keep an idiot in suspense?
How do you kill a one-legged fox?
Why did the noodle take a bow after the recital?
What's funny about majorities?
What do you call a fly with no wings?
Have you heard the one about the seamstress?
What did the bald man say when he got a comb for Christmas?
How do you kill a black man?
What is your preferred type of birth control?
What do you get when you cross a penis with a potato?
What do you call someone who won't get off your lawn?
Why did Hitler commit suicide?
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts?
Why do sorority girls travel in odd numbered packs?
What did the two story house say to its friend after it had just finished working out, and it's friend invited I to a party?
What's a Dungeons and Dragons player's favorite rap group?
Do you know the one step to avoiding clickbait?
What Do You Feel Now?
What would Triple H and Jenna Jameson's adult film be called?
What's long and hard that a Polish bride gets on her wedding night?
How can you tell Thomas the Tank Engine is homosexual?
How do you catch a unique lion?
What are OP's like alone, as compared to when they are combined?
What are the two main differences between a Chihuahua and a German shepherd?
Why do pirates love sunny weather?
how do you know when your sister is on her period?
What did one suicide bomber say to the next?
Did you hear about Klu Klux Knievel's latest stunt?
What feels good in the west but feels cotton in the East?
What do you say to a redhead who has just been insulted?
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection?
Why don't Jewish men eat pussy?
What do Jewish people use to power their cars?
How do you know when a Jewish chef is done cooking?
Where can you get away with rape?
What do you call a Doctor who received all 'D's in Medical School?
Do I look like a gardener?
What does a toddler get drunk off of?
What do you call a faked pregnancy?
What be a pirate's favorite letter?
Reverend have you been drinking?
How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call a Muslim woman wearing oculur rift or a VR headset?
What's better than cheese?
This Elevator is out of order.Why?
Why did the narcissistic cannibal end up in the hospital?
Did you hear about Joseph Stalin's personal yacht?
What do you call a Mexican on a hill?
Do you have a Tex-Mex emergency?
Why can't Helen Keller drive?
On average, how many people are dead in a cemetery?
What do you call a T-Rex with a bomb strapped to it's chest?
What do you call the musical Messiah?
What is a British woman on her period?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do you call an elderly Mexican man?
What is the Islamic State's favorite crime?
Did you hear what happened between the cook and the onion?
Did you hear about the guy who had avocados for eyes?
What do you call a plane with a muslim on it?
What do you call a muslim sitting on a plane?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What results from a donkey/onion cross?
What is a guy with ED favorite saying?
What to mopeds and fat chicks have in common?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Do you think horses are negative?
Have you heard the story about the suicide bomber?
What is a Mexicans Favorite book?
What do you call a pokemon with a venereal disease?
What is Whitney Houston's favorite kind of coordination?
What do you call 4 chinese guys and 4 black guys standing in a line?
How was the grand canyon formed?
What did the gay frog say to his bf?
Whats the quickest way to get paralyzed?
What has four legs and is always ready to travel?
What do you call a secular humanist NGO?
Why do Jewish people have big noses?
What did Kim Jon Un say when his father died?
What do you get when you drop a baby into a wood chipper?
Why did the atheist cannibal stop eating Christians?
Did you hear the CEO of Twitter got in trouble for buying shares of rival companies?
Why are there no knock knock jokes about America?
Where does Napoleon keep his armies?
Why are riddles about trees so hard?
Whats the difference between to dicks and a joke?
What's the first sign of football in the bible?
Downside to a threesome?
Did you see the guy in Birmingham, Alabama trying to fuck a clock?
What did the wife say to the husband who's penis couldn't talk?
How many alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Say you're being attacked by a circus mob. What's the best strategy?
What's the difference between a gay mustache and a straight mustache?
Dark: Whats one thing you can do in a vast quantity without bothering with the quality?
What did Matthew McConaughey say when he saw this year's Oscar nominees?
What do you call a muslim who graduated?
Why do you never hear a pterodactyl go to the toilet?
What's is the difference between a Lamborghini and a boner?
What do you call a group of confused Spanish speaking racists?
What is the difference between outlaws and in-laws?
Did you hear about the triple-amputee who pitched in the majors?
Which dinosaur will never be discovered?
What does Reddit say to the Joker that doesn't have a punchline?
What do you call a robotic prostitution ring?
Is high blood pressure contagious?
Why did the Irishman put 239 beans in the soup pot?
How do you recycle a condom?
What kind of pizzas did Al Qaeda deliver to the World Trade Center?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
what's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a child?
Accounting joke: What do you call inventory that doesn't exist?
What do you call a 90 year old man who can still masturbate?
How many black people does it to pave a driveway?
Why is Jesus bad at hockey?
What's the fastest way to get away from Hell?
What do blacks and bicycles have in common?
What do they call the Hunger Games in Africa?
What do you call an edible ion?
What's in the bag!?
Why can't you give Elsa a balloon?
What do you call a jerking off well-endowed midget?
Why was Henry the Eighth so fat?
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex?
What did the the black boy get for Christmas?
Who Is every lumberjack's favourite director?
Did you guys hear about the blind man who got hit in the head by a football?
What did one white cop say to another white cop?
What do you get when you combine a parrot and a centipede?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Did you hear about the joke about the 3 wells?
What does a door and a jar have in common?
What is the difference between the deflate gate controversy and my wife?
What did the OCD man get thrown in jail for?
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg?
10yr old sons joke: Why was "C" afraid of all the other letters ?
What does a Buddhist order from a hotdogs vendor?
What do you call an Indian and an Asian's baby?
What's a stoner's favorite cheese?
One for the school kids this morning. What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhinoceros?
Who's the coolest guy in the hospital?
Why are pills white ?
What ship breaks dangerous ice flows in the Arctic?
What does Ebola and US police have in common?
What's the difference between a manly female and a feminine male?
how do you get a dog to stop humping your leg??
What Do You Call Bob The Builder When He Retires?
What do you call a guitarist without a girlfriend?
What is the difference between a priest and acne?
Why didn't Oscar Pistorius get a new bathroom door?
How does praying lead to a blow job?
How do you clear out an Afghani bingo game..?
How do you fix a woman’s watch?
What type of classical music do chickens like best?
What did the caveman say when he tried to have sex in his dark cave?
Why do we have Martin Luther King Jr. Day off?
How do you know if someone was in the navy?
Did you know Yao Ming had a dog?
Have you heard about the Polish lesbian?
Why is UPS so great?
What fruit fits best in your palm?
Why did Microsoft go straight to Windows 10?
What's one thing a man doesn't want to hear the morning after?
What's the difference between acne and a Child Molester?
Did you hear about the dyslexic bank robber?
How do mexicans cut their pizza?
Why do Native Americans hate snow?
Want to hear a construction joke?
What do you call 5 black people having sex?
Why should you never trust a cheap circumcision?
Why does the sphere not like being around the oblate spheroid?
Is a man more intelligent before, during or after sex?
What do you call an angry German?
Why did the PI detective cross the road?
Why did the Walrus go to the Tupperware party?
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman?
How to spot the toughest guy in jail?
What adjective do you use to describe a bad pun?
Why did the Fundamentalist christians give homosexuals viagra?
what is the difference between aspirin and a strippers boyfriend?
Why did the poor man sell yeast?
Why did the Prostitute leave the leper colony?
What do you call 5 black guys having sex?
What is a Muslim who works at Starbucks called?
Where did the amino acid go to church?
What does this joke's punchline & a 50 foot penis have in common?
What is a large group of Sperm Whales called?
ow do you organize a space party?
What's the difference between a baby and a trampoline?
What do you call an indian food fight?
What is a gay person's favorite animal?
When Jesus comes back, how will they discover if he's Jesus or Robot Jesus?
He asked: how do you feel about sex?
How many people live in South America?
How do you top a train?
What would Marilyn Monroe being doing if she were alive today?
Why was the sprout farmer so assertive?
Why are all Atheists poor?
What did the perverted sauce say to the Chinese Ribs?
Did you hear about the cliff in Helen Keller's backyard?
What was Hamlet screaming when running around a circle ?
What's the difference between David Lee Roth and Snoop Lion?
How often do I drink Blue Moon?
What started with a J, and ends with whore?
How do you kill a one-legged fox?
How many bear arms could Bear Grylls bear to bear if Bear Grylls could bear to bear bear arms?
Gaining Weight?
What do you call a cow that goes online?
Why did the hipster burn his tongue on his coffee?
What do you call a gay hipster?
How do you throw an egg at the wall without breaking it?
Why do New Yorkers like to visit Minnesota?
Why did Moses part his hair?
What's the difference between Saint Patrick's Day and Martin Luther King Day?
What do 9/10 people enjoy?
What did the Chili's waitress say about her kidnapped daughter?
What do you do if an elephant comes through your window?
When's the improper fraction helpline open?
Why did the boy drop his icecream?
"Blackhat" opens to just $4M this weekend with a $70M budget, making it the first bomb of 2015. Biggest hack in the movie?
What app do you use to browse Reddit on your phone?
What do you call a fat person who judges hippos?
What's the different between a wife and a smoke detector?
You know why I was mad after I had sex with the women I love?
Why did the woman get stoned off her ass?
What did the grape say after the elephant stepped on him?
Do you know beer makes you smart?
What do you call a boy with no arms and an eyepatch????
From my 6 year old: Where do good bees live?
What did the pregnant blonde ask at the doctor's office?
What do you call someone who sells sex in exchange for spaghetti?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
Did you hear about the crazy Mexican train theif?
what did the afraid triangle say to the circle that was about to beat him up?
What do you call two Mexicans on the back of a firetruck?
How are the Seahawks and my girlfriend similar?
What do you call Aaron Rodgers' generous daughter?
Who is a chemist's favorite Game of Thrones character?
Did you hear about the lazy perfume-maker?
What is the prettiest thing about a DC girl?
What's the new Taken prequel going to be called?
How ‪did Chernobyl disaster happen ?
Why are relationships complex?
How do Canadians take care of their skin?
How do you know when a woman's about to say something smart?
How does Gandalf know he's pregnant?
When does a Mexican know he's hungry?
Why does Steve Irwin hate sunblock?
Which element of the Periodic Table is the poorest?
What did the Alabama State sheriff call the black guy who had been shot 15 times?
Why did little Suzy fall off the swing?
What happens when a pope dies?
What do the Egyptians call a man who cannot keep his opinions to himself?
What is the difference between oral sex and anal sex?
Why did the train sound effect album get derailed?
What's the difference between a woman's argument and a knife?
Why does Walter get to keep more of the drug money than Jessie?
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
What do you call a rich Chinese?
Have you heard about that new Tron movie?
What do you call the happy fellow that brings death to the people?
What is Hitler's favorite video game?
Where does a Muslim go for a quick bite?
what type of jeans does Mario wear?
Why did the chicken cross the Mobius Strip?
How do you reheat a cold war?
What do Godot and my wife have in common?
What is the difference between a Texan and a redneck?
What do nazis eat for breakfast?
How many Amish people does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's a pirate's worst nightmare?
Why didn't the girl ride her bike to go water the neighborhood flower bed like usual?
What is the difference between acne and a catholic priest?
How did the Dairy Queen get pregnant?
What animal has more lives than a cat?
What kind of dog can turn on your car?
What's an ephebophile?
If quizzes are quizzical, what are tests?
What are a redneck's last two words before dying ?
Why don't Polish mothers breast feed their babies?
What do you call a soldier who survives mustard gas and pepper spray attacks?
What did one gay sperm say to the other gay sperm?
Why should you never eat your girl out in the morning?
How does Shrek describe his sex with Fiona?
Why was the snowman smiling?
Why do women fake orgasms?
What's the difference between erotic & kinky ?
How long does it take for a black woman to take a shit?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
Did John Knott mind being the only cited author on his group's research paper?
What do you call someone who just occasionally dabbles in a bit of Islamic fundamentalism?
What's the difference between a Porsche and a porcupine?
What's the difference between CNN and Al Jazeera?
How do you eat a bald pussy?
Whats the difference between a genie and a genius?
What's the difference between a Chickpea and a Garbanzo bean?
Why was my boss surprised to see me screwing with the IT guy?
why can't you keep a jew in jail?
What's brown and sticky?
What do you call a therapist?
What is a firefighter's favorite video game console?
What's Michael J. Fox's favorite drink?
Did you know there's actually 4 scientific bonds?
I'm starting a new Egyptian fraternity, would you like to join?
What did the bobby (English policeman) say to the hitchhiker with three heads, no arms and one leg?
What is the difference between Emo teenagers and your lawn?
You're a vegetarian?
Why did the L.A. riots last only 4 days?
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, dyslexic, and agnostic?
What does a tire made of potatoes have?
What's the worst thing about alcoholics?
How did Bilbo survive the entire Lord of the Rings trilogy?
What was Hitler's favorite Yu-Gi-Oh card?
What kind of car does god drive?
What's the difference between a Hoover and a Harley?
What are some good Asian jokes you know?
How much energy does it take to create a rap star?
So have you heard about the mass immigration problem ALDI has been having?
What started feminism?
What Does A Subatomic Duck Say?
My 10 y/o daughter made this joke up on the way to school... What do you get when you cross Hitler with a fish?
Anybody hear about those two car antennas that got married?
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster and a hooker with diarrhea?
Why do pigs run from medicine?
What do you call a cow that's masturbating?
What do you call a Spanish man with a rubber toe?
Why does ISIS only drink drip coffee?
Why couldn't the poop get flushed down the drain?
What was left after Pavarotti passed away?
What does a cock and a Rubik's Cube have in common?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
Some military humour: why do I call the ol' downstairs resident APFSDS?
What do an alcoholic and a necrophiliac have in common?
Why do 95% of black males like sex in the shower?
Where do dead people buy their cigarettes?
Which kind of sharply dressed, tiny dwarves make the best drummers?
Who says there's no life on Mars?
What is a Jawa's favorite food?
What advice did the frog give to the condom manufacturer?
Did you hear about the incest convention?
Who invented the sucker punch?
Did you hear about the hooker that went to the bank for a loan?
Do scarecrows really work?
Why did the hacker start selling his services?
I am so high and I made up a joke and I want to tell it and make someone laugh but no one is home so: Whats an epileptics favorite food?
How do you tell a lonely geologist from a social one?
Why is Monday so far from Friday, yet Friday is so close to Monday?
World peace or all of Bill Gates' money?
Did you know that diarrhea is hereditary?
What's an Irish seven course meal?
What do you call it when a Catholic remodels his kitchen?
Why are seals such homebodies?
What do you call a hippopotamus wearing Tie Dye?
What does a brick and your mom have in common?
How do you get a Jewish girl's number?
Why does a girl who uses chewing tobacco give the best head?
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection?
What do you tell someone from Moscow if he's in a hurry?
Why don't they have driving lessons and sex ed on the same day in Saudi Arabia?
Who has scene a dinosaur?
What do you do after you but a new oven?
What do you call a Mexican knight?
How do you drown a hipster?
What do you call playful insults between terrorists?
You think it's difficult to plug one nostril and blow out the other?
How do hipsters buy their drugs?
How many dadaists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why couldn't the blind black man play hockey?
What does it take to reunite the Beatles?
Why is there no mexican olympics?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
Difference between outlaws and inlaws?
What causes German Earthquakes?
Which gun does Superman use?
What do you call a Spanish baker?
What did terrorists say in Paris?
What do you call a black and white bra?
What would you call a Chinese based arm of Isis?
What does getting pregnant and locking your car keys in your car have in common?
What happens when a lawyer takes Viagra?
What is the burning question on the mind of every dyslexic existentialist?
Why didn't Napoleon qualify for the urgent marrow transplant?
What did the rabbit say to the deer?
why did the chicken cross the road?
do you like dragons?
What do you call terrorists who have degrees in material science and electromagnetic theory?
What do you call the guy who graduates last in medical class?
why don't blinde people go skydiving?
What did southern, black children bring to school to eat?
How did the mystic respond when asked what he's doing tonight?
What do electricians say when they meditate?
what did they start calling the timelord after he started frequenting one too many prostitutes?
Why is the ocean blue?
What is Snoop Dogg's favorite note?
What does an Asian with the biggest erection get when he walks into a wall?
Why are Asians such bad drivers?
Does anyone know if ISIS is hiring?
What did the walking staff say when accused of misleading sheep?
What's the difference in red and purple...?
Why don't black people like pirates?
What do you call a Canadian fish with no bones?
Why did Jim Morrison overdose on drugs?
What did the pirate say when he turned 80?
Why can't you hear rabbits have sex?
Why did the man hire a Mexican gardener?
What do you call a baby seal between two slices of bread?
Why were the Chinese trying to light a bbq grill out in the rain?
If your ex wife, and ex mother in law were drowning and you could only save one.. What kind of sandwich would you make?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
Which famous hip hop group are very open about their ongoing battle with their bowel habits?
Why was the Adobe Acrobat document arrested?
Did you hear about the crazy chickens that took over a farm?
Why do men get circumcised?
What did the blind, paraplegic kid get for his christmas?
Why did the geologist quit his job?
What is the shit you didn't see?
What's the Welsh word for shearing a sheep?
What does Lenny (of Mice and Men) do during foreplay?
What would Bill Cosby's name be if he was Russian?
What do you get when you set a dog's tail on fire?
Did you hear about the wooden car with the wooden engine, the wooden doors and the wooden chassis?
Why do black men love pirate porn?
How can you tell your roommate is gay?
Adam gave Sally 3 flowers and 1 stuffed animal. Kristen gave Sally 5 flowers and 2 stuffed animals. What does Sally have?
How do you circumcise a Texan?
Why did Baby Moses believe he was Egyptian?
What's something that Slaves have and rich people want?
Why did the zombie not eat your brain?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
You guys wanna here a joke?
If our body is made of cells, what's a picture made of?
What do you call it when an ex pees on you?
Why wasn't Jesus born in Mexico?
What's nine inches long, has a bright purple top, and made my wife cry when I fed it to her after jamming it up her ass?
What does alcohol free beer taste like?
What did Obi-wan say to Skywalker the first time he saw him as Darth Vader?
What do you tell a lady with two black eyes?
What do you say when you see your TV floating in the middle of the night?
What's easier to pick up the heavier it gets?
Why do Muslim extremists prefer to drink cappuccino?
How do you cheer up a brand new battery?
What did the white guy say when he saw the twelve black men in the jury box?
Why can't Asian couples have a caucasian child?
What did the mathematician and the dentist talk about?
Did you hear the one about the cannibal who passed his mother-in-law in the jungle?
Did you hear they're making a Source Code 2?
What do you call a scary unexpected post in reddit?
What do Barack Obama and Tiger Woods have in common?
Why did Helen Keller try lsd?
What do gay horses eat?
Why did the fly eat all of the butter?
I'm a ginja. What is that you might say?
What do you call a gay black man?
What does Santa do to dragons?
What vehicle do bicycle riders take to the hospital?
What did one lawyer say to the other lawyer?
How do you spot a vegan at a party?
What did the fly say to the second man on the moon?
whats the difference between jam and jelly?
Do black people get sunburns?
What's it like having sex with a fat chick?
What's Medusa's favorite cheese?
What's the difference between a hooker, a lover and a housewife?
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb?
Can secretaries really write memos with both their left and right hands at the same time?
What do you do when you come across an elephant?
Did you hear about the dating website for old people?
What does a pig write with?
What did the monkey say when he put his tail on the railroad tracks?
How do you contact a cross dresser?
How do tectonic plates have fun?
What did the astronaut get on his science project?
Whay did Dairy Queen have a baby?
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella?
Do old men wear boxers or briefs?
How do you know when your girlfriend is getting fat?
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry around an umbrella?
What do you say to get gold's attention?
How do you end world hunger?
What do you do in the bathroom if you are trying to waste time?
Why did the architect take so long to get started on his church blueprints?
How many atheist does it take to change a light bulb?
Did you hear about the patch of fog that entered the spelling bee?
How do you have a sexy barbecue?
Why was the manipulative ghost so unsuccessful?
How does a man show he's planning for the future?
What is the worst that can happen to an atheist caricaturist ?
What did the ocean say to the river?
What does a writer hope to get in a Christmas cracker?
What did the bra say to the hat?
What do you call a judge with no thumbs?
What are the three rings of marriage?
What did iodine say to Xenon when caesium died?
Did you hear about the fellow whose whole left side was cut off?
What did the Jewish baby say to the Rabbi?
Why was the Queen of Horses hated by her subjects?
What do pirates and strip clubs have in common?
Why'd the squirrel fall out of the tree?
What do you call a group of twelve, angry, well-endowed men?
What did the saggy boob also say to the other?
Why are people so sad in Ferguson?
Why dont i watch porn anymore?
Why didn't the Christmas Cake go to the dance?
Did you hear the one about the blind ship captain?
Why did I rob the bank?
Why doesn't people with two dicks get into the porn industry?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
How many nihilists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you say when you are comforting a grammar Nazi?
What's the illuminati's favorite month?
What do you get when a camel pukes in the desert?
What did the token black guy say to the other black guy who walks in the party?
When Gordon Ramsay saw a cute puppy gif on Reddit, why did he get mad?
Why is OP's dog never satisfied?
Why does Oregon Ducks need such big suitcases?
What did the elephant say to the naked man?
What kind of vitamin does a pirate take?
why don't lions like clowns?
Why is the blood of christ wine?
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb?
How do you make a plumber sad?
Is it cocky to have 2 penises?
Why did the baker have smelly hands?
What did the bra say to the top hat?
What was Helen Keller's dog's name?
Why is there no Walmarts in Afghanistan?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
What did the one volcano say to the other volcano?
whats orange and black and hates lasagna?
when is it OK to spit a mexican woman in the face?
Do you like pudding?
What did one saggy boob say to the other?
Whats hard, black, and keeps me up all night?
Why did Bill and Ted join Islam?
Who is a Sea Lion's favorite composer?
How did the hipster burn their tongue?
What fruit makes you confused?
What's your favorite clock time?
What did Vladimir name his member?
Why don't lobsters ever share anything?
Did you hear about the doctor in new York city?
too many moms aren't taking care of themselves, need to just laugh more, reddit moms, what makes you laugh?
If H2O is in the inside of a fire hydrant, what's on the outside?
What do you call an unsuccessful Jewish pirate?
What do Kim Jong-un and a penis shaped potato have in common?
What language do fast talkers from Moscow speak?
What does a massage therapist with a speech impediment who moonlights as a dubstep dj do all day?
#1 pick up line in a gay bar?
What do you call a leper in a jacuzzi?
Why wasn't the joke funny at the dance?
What do you get when you cross a Jehovah's Witness with a Hell's Angel?
What do you call an Hispanic gentleman who drives a hybrid car?
Did you hear about the new emo website?
How did Samuel Morse propose to his wife?
What does Moses do when he wants a beer?
What do you call an old snowman?
Why do terrorists have high sex drives?
What is Billy Joel's favorite Bill Murray movie?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
Why did the Muslim CEO dislike the cartoon of Muhammad?
Why doesn't Connecticut have a name for it people?
What were the Mexican crisps doing in the locked conference room?
Why did the mushroom get invited to a party?
What would Harper Lee's book be called if he was Mexican?
Why is it that lawyers get sick?
Why is my name...?
Where do crows go to have fun?
why wouldn't the black pencil write on the white paper?
Did you know about the guy that invented tampons?
What did the dog say to the tree?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
What's the capital of Greece?
Why is heaven a paradise for the common man?
What did the French man say when he tripped down the stairs?
What do you say when your TV is floating in the night?
What is better than Porn?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth?
How many Nazis does it take to screw in a lightbulb??
What is the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
Did you hear about the new emo website?
Why aren't there any introverted suicide bombers?
Have you ever wondered?
What is the last thing a redneck says before he dies?
Did you hear what that guy said to the Reddit moderator the other day?
What are the most offensive jokes you know?
What kind of writing makes the most money?
Can February March?
Why do ducks have webbed feet?
When a rapper gets beer, how much do they get?
What did the pirate say with the steering wheel in his pants?
Why do uniformed soldiers need to eat their fruits and vegetables?
Did you hear about the dyslexic hookers?
What do you say if your mom sees you having sex?
What do you call a shy, soft-spoken hipster?
What is the difference between yoghurt and America?
Why does a redneck find his cousin more attractive than a stranger?
Which one of these is a deadly virus?
Why is Rengar so OP?
How do you save up enough money for a bidet?
You guys hear about the hippy who drowned?
What do Mexicans put under their carpet?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
What do you call a kitten's post-mortem?
What do you call it when flu season comes early?
Where did the engine go after he retired?
Do competitive origami artists ever fold under pressure?
What is a neckbeard's favorite denomination of time?
What do you call it when a psychic midget escapes from prison?
Why do Jihadists only drink instant coffee?
What do you call a big cat disguised to blend in with a herd of sheep?
Which similarities do Bon Jovi and geologists share?
How to get a liberal arts graduate off of your porch?
How does the executioner like his coffee?
Why do Jews watch porn backwards?
What is worse than finding a worm in your apple?
What do robots dip in salsa?
Why are prostitutes cheaper compared to girlfriends and wives to many rich people?
What does your mom and your driveway have in common?
What's white, located in washington and has a president within it?
What do gay guys call hemroids?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Where do blind people got to get their college degrees?
What do you call an explosion in a Frencg kitchen?
What street do you put a lesbian restaurant on?
Why do Newfies want Québec to separate?
Why do Chinese people suck at soccer?
What did the failing kidney say to the healthy one?
What do you call an IS-leader on a motorcycle?
Why can't Chinese people eat Swans?
What do you call it when you lend money to a bison?
Whats a Neckbeard's favorite city in Spain?
Whaddaya call a blind nun?
How did the florist act after getting her dream job?
What's the difference between a raft guide and a large pizza?
What do you get when you cross a male chicken with peanut butter?
Why don't Muslims teach driving and sex ed. on the same day?
How does a black woman stop crime?
Do you know any good water jokes?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil?
Why do Jihadist Muslims only drink instant coffee?
Why was the band late to their gig?
What do numbers look like when they get divorced?
What's white, digs holes in your garden and helps with headaches?
Why did the anthropologist eat a lot of yogurt?
What do you call Batman when he skips Church?
What did the bat say to the other bat when he almost flew into a tree?
Why should you never eat Sonic the Hedgehog?
What do walruses and tupperware have in common?
What do you call it when a blond dyes her hair?
How do you make a little girl cry even more?
What’s the difference between an apple and a dead baby?
How many Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a man that as sex with his 9 year old wife?
Did not your mother and I teach you that you should save your money?
What do you get when you have your eye brows plucked in Japan?
What did Uranium-238 say to Helium when they first met?
What do fat chicks, mopeds, and the KKK have in common?
What's the one thing make a wish foundation can't give you?
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippie?
Why doesn't china have casinos?
Which hotel chain was Nikita Khrushchev's favourite?
Why do cows wear bells?
What does a gynecologist and a pizza delivery boy have in common?
Want to hear a joke about the next iPhone?
What did Vladimir Putin say to the Ukraine after he annexed it?
What type of bees make milk?
What is an MRI's favorite music?
How do you make a snooker table laugh?
Why do stop lights turn red?
What do you call an Irish midget?
What is the difference between 3 dicks and a joke about Muhammad?
Why is Snow White?
How do you start a powerful woman's movement?
What do Winnie the Pooh and Jack the Ripper have in common?
What did Wendy do when she first saw Captain Hook?
What is another way of 'saying caught between a rock and a hard place'?
How many women does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
What do you call cake that isn't yours?
What do you call a turtle with a hard on?
What did the Vagina say to the Anus?
Why don't Jews eat pussy?
At restaurants, who keeps installing toilet paper rolls backwards!?
Is it wrong to hate a certain race?
What's long and black?
What did the blonde's left leg say to her right leg?
Why do girls wear make-up and perfume?
Does pornography degrade women?
Who do you give a lost gun to?
What do you call a show about puns?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What did the zombie body builder say?
What is the difference between jelly and jam?
What's black and blue and doesn't like sex?
What do women and rocks have in common?
What happens to all the unsold christmas trees?
What's loud and sounds like "apples"?
Why did Hitler prefer apples to oranges?
What does Peter Gabriel sing on the toilet?
What is Hitler's least favorite drink?
How is Billy Cosby like Santa Claus?
What were the photocopier's last words?
What does Putin say during his new years speech?
Does anyone have a recipe for sausage and apples?
Who are the 3 most famous black women?
What do you get when you cross Gnomes and Worgen??
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
You know why cops aren't on the streets of NYC right now?
Question: What is your "It is so cold outside..." joke?
What do pussy and cigarettes have in common?
Why can't a bicycle stand alone?
How many women does it take to invent something?
JOKE: How does a woman go about inventing a lightbulb?
Why did the walrus go to the tupperware store?
What's the difference between a feminist and a computer?
What value is higher than infinity?
How many Saiyans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why don't they let whales into strip clubs?
Why did Toronto host the (hockey) World Junior Championships?
What's better than eating a mandarin?
How much does a Human shield cost?
How many feminists does it take to dismantle the patriarchy?
What did the Dalai Llama play on stage at Glastonbury?
Wanna know the best part about being in 10 year long marriages?
How many girls does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What is the smallest book in history?
How many tries did it take to find out if Lance Armstrong was ticklish?
Why did the walrus go to the tupperware party?
Why did the walrus go to the Tupperware party?
Do you know what my friend said before he kicked the bucket?
Whats camp for kids with ADD called?
What is the most racist type of bread?
Why do lambs go to casinos?
What do you call a mouse with cheese but no crackers?
Why should you never kiss a slutty bird?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
Don't you hate it when sentences don't end the way you think they octopus?
What do you call a group of ISIS members with their backs turned?
What's better than roses around your piano?
Why did the cannibal get indigestion after eating his high school debate team rival?
What is the difference between a Southern Zoo and a Northern Zoo?
What's brown and sticky?
Difference between a 4 year old and a nightclub?
What do Coors Light and having sex in a canoe have in common?
How do you get a Harvard graduate off your doorstep?
Why does Mexico do so badly in the Olympics ?
What's a fedora tippin neckbeard's favorite country?
Why does Cuba not have any casinos?
Why does everyone like the KKK?
Why are there no casinos in China?
What's a plumber's least favorite type of shoe?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did they plant trees in Harlem?
What did the cannibal get when he was late to dinner?
What's the difference between Christianity and Judaism?
What language do bees speak?
Why can't Chinese people have white babies?
whats the secret service of Australia called?
Why do you call a Mexican midget a paragraph?
How does Peter Pan fly?
What do you call a cow that's made out of glass?
Who is Vietnam's greatest superhero?
What is a pirate's favorite letter?
Did you see the headline about the film director who stormed off set after someone filled his trailer with herbs?
Why does Snoop Dog carry around an umbrella?
What did the penis say to the condom?
Why do women make bad engineers?
What is the same with you, a pet cat, and a pet dog?
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call a reptiloid that crashed landed its spaceship?
What do you call a kid that stands up to bullies?
Why should you never tell jokes on the ice?
Where do Angelfish swim?
What is the difference between acne and gay men?
Where did all the TV remotes go when you can't find them?
A Republican, a Democrat, and a Socialist live in the same building. One day there is a fire, but only the Socialist dies. Why?
What is Stevie Wonder's favorite guitar chord?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
Why does Gandalf prefer coupes?
Why did Bob get 'Emo' Grass for his lawn?
What do call the President of Russia with an upset stomach?
What do you call a knighted cow?
Are the UK banning the export of cheese?
How do you get a witch pregnant?
What do French people call a really bad Thursday?
What is Mrs. Potato Head's stripper name?
Why wasn't the fish allowed to play in the band?
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa?
Why do Jews always seem to find spare change laying around?
How do you top a car?
What do you call a rapping egg?
Why do Jews watch porn backwards?
What's the difference between a small child and a bag of cocaine?
Why do college students already get up at 7?
What happens if you don't pay after an exorcism?
Is it just me, or are birds really popular lately?
What did Kris Kross tell the nervous paratrooper?
Joke 3 - What weighs 15,000 pounds and is cursed with a sleeping spell?
Joke 2 - What weighs 15,000 pounds and combs her red hair with a fork?
Joke 1 - What weighs 15,000 pounds and wears glass slippers?
How can you tell if a pedophile is happy?
What do you say when you see your television floating in the night?
What shampoo do dragons prefer?
What do you call a woman-hating masseuse?
What is a tresspasser's least favorite number?
Me: Dad, How did you guys manage without Whatsapp & Facebook?
What Do You Call A Jewish Dilemma?
What do you call a slightly impolite canadian dust devil?
What do you call a giant pile of kittens?
Mum: did you masturbate while showering again?
What's E.T short for?
Why was Pinocchio acting drunk?
What do grapefruit and vaginas have in common?
Did you hear about the man with five dicks?
Would a lion cheat on his wife?
What did fish A say to fish B?
Why did the chicken crossed the road?
How do you know if your girlfriend is ticklish?
What is Forest Gump's password?
What do you get if you put morphine on your toast?
What do you call a black widow trapped in a bowl of noodles?
Who was Hitler's childhood hero?
How do you get a one armed Italian out of a tree?
Who's the roundest knight at King Arthur's Table?
What wears a leather jacket, and would kill you if it fell from a tree?
Where does a snowman keep his money?
What's a lumberjack's favorite director?
How do you know that someone you met is a Harvard graduate?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish man?
Whats a trilby clad, neck bearded gentlemen's favorite color?
Why do arabs use Colgate before going to the airport?
What is Spider-Man's favorite rice?
What happens when you put an elephant in the refrigerator?
What do you call cheese that doesn't belong to you?
A motorist runs over a woman. Who's to blame?
What did the sociopathic cannibal parachutist say?
Why doses a blond open the door after sex?
What was Beethoven's girlfriend's name?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
Where do Mexicans shop for books?
How do zombies communicate in times of war?
What's the first thing you should do when you bring a Thai girl home?
Wanna hear an Ebola joke?
Whats a fedora clad, neck bearded gentlemen's favorite color?
How do you advertise a French rifle?
Why do all The Hunger Games fans can't even?
Girl, are you the one ring?
Did everyone hear the news about graveyards?
What type of sound system does a Saab have?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
How does a booze thief make you feel better?
What's the difference between Bono and God?
How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb?
How many cops does it take to push a pedophile down the stairs?
What's worse than the Holocaust?
Why do feminists hate the portrayal of women in the media?
What do you call mail that likes to have fun?
Why doesn't Meghan Trainor eat salmon?
How do you tell the difference between an English Police Officer, a Canadian Police Officer, an American Police Officer and a Scottish police Officer?
If a mathematician were to be any part of a kitchen which would he be?
What is it called when a thief steals a purse, runs into the street, then gets run over?
Girls giving blowjobs for Louboutins - Whatcha call that?
Why does Marx support New Years Eve celebrations?
What's brown and sticky?
What do you call a book club that has been stuck on the same book for thousands of years?
What did the blind, innocent, sweet, paraplegic 7 year old boy get for his birthday?
What do you call a pest from the moon?
What do you call two guys with no arms or legs hanging from a window?
why didn't Hitler pass algebra?
What do you call a hula hoop with a nail on the inside?
Why did the thief take a bath?
Why are girls like rocks?
What do you say to a masochistic necrophiliac going through a beastiality phase?
Did you hear the joke about jello?
What do you call two crows on a branch?
Sexist Joke: What does Big Foot, the tooth fairy, and a book full of female inventors have in common?
What do children in north korea study for a science?
How do you make holy water?
What happened to the man who sent a group of crows to the insane asylum?
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume?
Why does Peter Pan always fly?
Why did five not like one?
What did the gynecologist say to his sedated patient?
What did Tony the Tiger say to the kids playing baseball?
Why are you so fat?
What did the hotel clerk tell the guest with paruresis during check in?
What do you call a man with one arm?
Why Weren't There Many Jokes in the Dark Ages?
What did sushi A say to sushi B?
User interface?
How many dead hookers does it take to change a light bulb?
Did you hear about the time Orion lost an archery match?
Why shoudn't you take you Pokemon cards to the shower?
Want to hear a joke?
Why are there trees in Harlem?
What's the difference between jelly & jam?
What did the LOTR fan say to the LOTR hater?
What did the donkey say to its dick?
How do you choose a stupid policeman from a group of policemen?
What do black people get after death?
What do you call Batman skipping church?
What did the botanist say to the plant he was tired of tending to?
What do you call a wine convention in upstate New York?
What makes a grown man cry?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
Did you here about the dead whale that washed up onshore?
How did Geordi La Forge go blind?
What do you call a thirsty cow?
What's the difference between a roasted chicken and a time bomb?
A man runs over his wife. Whose fault is it?
Why did Microsoft skip Windows 9?
What do you call a seagull that catches you sleeping?
hey Colorado, hows your aspen?
What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea?
Why did Tomato turn red from embarrassment?
Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac..?
How do you make stupid people click links?
What's your New Year's resolution?
What does one llama say to the other llama before the smoke some weed?
What is the difference between Rihanna and a coconut?
What did the sick fish say when he got sick?
What is the difference between a epileptic corn husker and a prostitute with diarrhea?
Why is Michael Jordan's Jersey number 23?
Why was the lizard's wife unsatisfied?
Why did Wile E. Coyote have a "Detour" sign pointing to the edge of a cliff?
What did the green grape say to the purple grape?
What did the pro bono plastic surgeon say to their patient on Dec 31st?
What kind of Fuel does the Iron Giant run on?
What's the loudest thing in the last two Harry Potter films?
What is the first name of Mr Rafone?
What's the difference between an oral and rectal thermometer?
What is time consuming?
how can you tell if someone is vegan?
How do Eskimos make things stick together?
What do you call a homosexual man on a wheel chair?
Want to know how to make your PC faster?
What do you get if you push a piano down a mine?
What do you call a joke without a punchline?
How did the Fonz die?
What makes a salami excited?
How do Asians find our they are pregnant?
Whats the difference between a bird and a fly?
What did Nazis do to kids with ADHD/ADD?
What do you call a feline massage therapist?
Did you hear about the plane that flew over the Java Sea?
What do you call a fake noodle?
Why do Polish people's names end in 'ski'?
What is the difference between dragons and dinosaurs?
Whats strong enough for a man but made for a woman?
Did you hear about the Lepers hockey game?
Why didn't Bungie stick with Halo?
What does a retired hairdresser and a bar of platinum have in common?
What do you call a cocktail of iced tea and skittles?
What's the difference between a dirty old bus station and a lobster with boobs?
What's the name of West Virginia's version of Winnie the Pooh?
What does BBW actually stand for?
What is a ghost's favorite type of porn?
Why are defense lawyers the best lovers?
What starts out happy but ends in tears?
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer?
Made a small donation to a street comedian for this gem... how do you know your at a gay picnic?
How many therapists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did the gamer refuse to join the Boy Scouts?
Ever want to have rodeo sex?
Why isn't there democracy in North Korea?
Why can't an Asian couple have a white child?
What do you get when you mix a monkey and a midget?
Whats the difference between a Ginger and a Shoe ?
why did the possum cross the road?
What is the difference between a cock and a penis?
What do you call a cow masturbating?
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off?
What do you call a cow that just gave birth?
Why shouldn't you make fun of a paleontologist?
What did King Arthur do in Camelot?
Why did Night fall?
How can Peter Pan fly?
Why do Avon ladies walk funny?
What did the homeless man say to Barack Obama?
What's your ringtone?
If Arnold Schwarzenegger was a composer which would he be?
What's the best way to make friends?
How many OU (University of Oklahoma) coaches does it take to change a light bulb?
What mistake have you made when your wife comes in from the kitchen to yell at you?
What do you call a fake noodle?
How do you make a peanut butter and Reddit sandwich?
What's the difference between "like", "love" and "showing off"?
Is your mother's name Josephine?
Have you heard about the kidnapper?
Did you hear about the theft at the babysitter convention?
What is the sheeps market called?
Would a charming vampire be a neck-romancer?
What kind of pie can fly?
Why do baked bean cans contain only 239 beans?
You hear about the new cemetery?
What begins with P and ends with orn?
What do rich people and bad flossers have in common?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why was the Spanish train the primary suspect?
Praying For Nothing?
What did Steven hawking say when he first got his wheelchair?
What's one thing you never want to hear your wife say while having sex?
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school?
What's the difference between fishing and dating?
What did they bilingual foot model say as he enjoyed chips and warm bread by the fireplace?
What did the silkworm comment on the message board?
Why did the can crusher quit his job?
How do I like using Tinder?
What gets easier to pick up the heavier it gets?
What's the difference between an IRS audit and prison rape?
█████ Kim Jong Un ███ ██████████ North Korea █████████ the ███ █████ ?
What's the difference between a hooker and Jesus?
What do reddit fans and Apple fans have in common?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What did the pig say when his wife left him?
What's 12 inches long and hangs in front of an arsehole?
What did the fish say when it ran into the wall?
What do you call all that useless meat around the vagina?
Did you hear the joke about the sewing machine?
What's the most common phrase at a strip club?
What do you call a dad without jeans?
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb?
A man discovered a new medication that makes people sneeze constantly. What did he tell people in order to make them avoid taking it?
Did you hear about that Air Asia flight?
What do you call a fly with no wings?
Did you hear what they found in Jeffrey Dahmer's freezer?
What's the shortest book in the world?
Why do oysters enjoy being cooked?
Why shouldn't you kiss anybody on New Years Day?
Why can't SCAT be legally banned?
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie?
What's the difference between a elephant and a banana?
What's the difference between an Aboriginal and a park bench?
how do you wake lady gaga up?
Why did the moth kill the other moth?
Dad, how does it feel to have such a handsome son?
What did the physicist say to the two women he was trying to pick up at the bar?
What's worse than raining cats and dogs?
Am I too fat?
Why did the meteorologist bring a bar of soap to work?
What's the difference between matter and a hormone?
Why don't pediatricians like to wait?
What do you get if you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter?
How do you know that the drum riser is level?
why do philosophers love the ocean so much?
Why are there so many people in Ireland?
What did Vladimir Putin say after dropping a smashing one-liner?
Why is it called an XBox One?
What does space smell like?
Where did the crab work inside her new job at the pizza factory?
What did the fat guy give to the fat girl?
What do you call a really expensive tombstone?
Why can't Ross & Phoebe ever drown?
What do snakes take for their sniffles?
What's a great thing to do in Fresno?
What do I do after I die?
You hear the one about the sexually adventurous Eskimo?
Where does a wealthy lady reside?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea?
What do Far Cry 4 and The Big Lebowski have in common?
What did one eye say to the other?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Have you heard about that new pirate movie??
What kind of coffee does a peg legged pirate drink?
Do you know who Newton is?
How do you keep a moron in suspense?
What did the mushroom say on his dating profile?
Why can't a bike stand on its own ?
What did the mother Buffalo say when her boy left for college?
What's the oldest trick in the book?
What does Mike Tyson eat after a long time on twitter?
Did you hear about the guy who had to be exorcised?
Best way to keep your money from the casinos in Las Vegas?
Why did the little boy drop his icecream?
Did you hear about the Candy Factory they opened on the East Coast?
What do you call the mineral found in teeth and tooth enamel?
What's Hitlers favourite weather?
What did Santa Clause give all the naughty boys and girls for Christmas this year?
How many Australians have been killed by Ebola?
How does a guy with five dicks wear his pants?
What did Adam say to Eve?
How do you make a 6 year old cry twice?
What's it called when you try a different flavor of salsa?
What do you do if you come across a tiger in the jungle?
Why did the tomato blush?
What Did The Jumbo Shrimp Say To The Jumbo Crab?
What's the difference between a girl's track team and a village of pygmies?
Why do Jews have big noses?
How do Etheopians celebrate their first birthday?
Why wont a Jewish cannibal eat a German?
How do bros want their drinks?
Do you guys like presents?
Why is sex with 92 year olds tiring?
What type of pants does Mario wear?
Where does Khal Drogo keep his DVDs?
Why did no one believe the Psychologist ever went to the bathroom?
What's the difference between an Olympic swimmer and an Olympic diver?
What's the difference between Neil Armstrong and Michael Jackson?
What's the difference between your job and a dead prostitute?
What?
What do you call someone who's afraid of Santa getting stuck in their chimney?
Why do Japanese people have slanty eyes?
How do dogs save for retirement?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What did the kid with no hands get for Christmas?
What can walk over the water, but can travel under the water without getting wet?
What do jedhi's and rape have in common?
Why did the idiot stare at a carton of orange juice?
What did the vampire say to the teacher?
What did one gay pedophile say to the other at the beach?
Do you ever have the urge to eat something right in front of you?
Where is the gangster egg from?
What do you call a man with a penis in the middle of his face?
Why do Scuba divers fall backwards into the water?
What do people with aspergers Do in the bathroom?
How many?
What do moldy corn flakes and Charles Manson have in common?
What do you call a midget physic that has escaped from prison??
What kind of music do they play at Stonehenge?
How do black people tan?
What do you call a child who doesn't believe in Santa?
Why does LeBron James wear high socks?
What do you call a group of disabled people in a pool?
Why is the stick attached to the roof?
Can you imagine what would happen if Kate Middleton started doing porn?
Why is Santa's sack so big?
What do you call a gay dentist?
What do you call a story about a WW2 shipyard?
What did the judge say to the attractive woman soaked in pee?
Why do people become bakers?
What is a cheating wife's worst nightmare?
What goes "Ooooooooooo!"?
What do rehab and the days after Christmas have in common?
How long do you need to put the turkey in the oven for?
What did the mentally handicapped kid get on his math test?
What's the cheesiest Stallone film?
What is the difference between a pimple and a Catholic Priest?
What do you call a group of retards in a sauna?
What did Adam say the day before Christmas?
What do pizza boys and gynaecologists have in common?
Why did the rooster cross the road?
What has six eyes but can't see?
Where is the 'L' in christmas?
Why are 490 Romans funny?
Guess what?
What is the appropriate response when your cat tells you a joke?
What do you get when you mix an elephant and a rhino?
What do you call an envious ocean?
What do you call a hooker at Christmas?
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of trousers?
What do you call a monkey sitting on a lions back?
What's the difference between Santa and a Jew?
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway grocery bag?
What is both a short shopping list, and a potential Chinese luxury automobile?
Why can't Michael J. Fox draw a perfect circle?
What do you call a racist blind person?
What did the Buffalo say to his son when he went off to college?
Did you hear about the Asian guy who was so terrible that nobody mourned his death?
Why does corn in Illinois lean east?
Why are graveyards so noisy?
Why does Santa have such a big sack?
How do you say goodbye to a thousand Japanese people?
what did the domino's pizza delivery guy say to Satan?
Have you ever noticed that cigars and scotch taste the same?
What's Santa's favourite heavy metal band?
What do you call 100 cows masterbating ?
What's the deal with lampshades?
How do you make Hitler kill himself?
Why is Santa always so jolly?
Why is Santa Claus's sack always so full?
What number is higher than infinity?
What do the NFL and Brokeback Mountain have in common?
A black guy and a Puerto Rican are in a car. So who's driving?
How does a frog greet a rabbit during the holiday season?
What body regulates the welfare of Santa's workers?
Did you hear about the agnostic dyslexic insomniac?
What do you call a Muslim pilot?
How Long is a Chinamen?
What's the difference between a canoe and a jew?
What do you get when a Game of Thrones character sets up your photo studio?
What's a schizophrenic's favorite Christmas song?
What's scary, yellow, almost no eyes, has TONS of hair, and is constantly threatening to kill me if I don't suck it's dick?
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call an organized group of people waiting to get drinks?
Why can't the incredible hulk find a girlfriend?
What do you call a muslim flying a plane?
What is the flatulent fat guy's favorite song after his gf dumped him during Christmas?
What do you call the study of butts?
What did the cow say when she saw the Dalmatian?
What's E.T short for?
Why do men finish first during sex?
Why did the punster enjoy the Broadway show about etymology?
Why do midgets laugh when they run?
Do you know how old I am?
What's the difference between Christmas and the Great Marianas Turkey Shoot?
Why did the girl fall off the swing?
What is the most said band name during the holidays?
Why do elephants prefer cars instead of motorcycles?
What's the difference between virgin olive oil and regular olive oil?
How do you encourage a potter while he's glazing his bowl?
Why can't a dog clap in the middle of a movie?
Are you an ideal amount of red phosphorus and am I a proportioned tiny wooden stick?
Why doesn't a window scream when you shatter it?
What's a Henway?
What do orphans get at Christmas?
Why do women wear makeup and perfume?
Did you hear about the woman who spent 1 million dollars on plastic surgery for her butt?
What do you call the day before Christmas Eve?
Wanna hear a joke about the OP that actually delivered?
How does a chef ask to leave the dinner table?
What is the difference between Santa and the Jews?
What's Dean Martin's favorite eel?
Why did North Korea lose Internet?
Why did the dog sit in the front seat of the car?
What's the affirmative response to a Jamaican mother?
Do you know the meaning "Happy wife, happy life"?
What's the difference between Light and Hard?
What do you say to change the atmosphere at a dinner party?
How many karma whores does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the definition of a mere myth?
Why do power lines hum?
What do you give to a man who has everything?
Someone has told me that menopause is mentioned in the Bible Is that true? Where can it be found?
Where does a king keep his armies?
What does The Rock said to his Girl Friend?
How do you get a man in a coma hard?
Is it gay when the Doublemint Twins make out?
What do you call a dog with no back legs and metal balls?
What do maggots and Alabama fans have in common?
How many recruits does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many karma whores does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why didn't the art thief get away?
What is the opposite of a meme?
How do you make a whore shut up?
How many male chauvinists does it take to change a light bulb?
How do you make German potato pancakes?
What did the physicist say when his wife wanted to go jewelery shopping?
Two men are making love in a meadow, they both are struck by lightning and die. Which one goes to heaven first?
Where do poor meatballs live?
What's Santa's favourite metal band?
What did they start calling Kim Jong Un after he shed 60 kgs in weight?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
whats the worst thing about being a black jew?
If OP was a Pizza Delivery Driver, how much would he make?
What is 6.9?
What's the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps?
What is a tree's favorite drink?
What kind of mane does a Chinese lion have?
How many feminist does it take to change a lightbulb?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
What is any guy's dream first job?
What is heavy forward but not backward?
How do you make a dog sound like a cat?
Why can't orphans play baseball?
Why did the sun-praiser receive the full inheritance from his grandmother?
What did the porn star wear to court?
Can we survive without whales?
What do you call someone who hates people without toes and can't have ice cream?
Why did a Mexican girl get pregnant?
What do reindeer have that other animals don't have?
How are farts and Ancient Egypt similar?
Why did Mozart kill all his chickens?
What's the difference between Santa and a jew?
How many jews can you fit in a Volkswagen beetle?
Why are white girls odd?
Whats pink and smells like salmon?
What do prayers and my Reddit submissions have in common?
Did you hear about the war on diarrhea?
Wanna hear a joke?
How does Moses make his coffee?
Why do people eat carrots to help their eyesight?
What do you get when you mix the Twelve Days of Christmas with Ninety-nine Bottles of beer on the wall?
Did you hear about the proctologist who had a car accident?
Why does New York have all the lawyers while New Jersey got all the garbage dumps?
Why can't you tell when a Pteradactyl goes to the toilet?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What does the mayonnaise say to the refrigerator?
What do you call one of Santa's helpers?
What do you call an angry Russian?
Where do you find 100 fat cows?
What did one Christmas ornament say to the other Christmas ornament?
How do diapers work?
You know how people called Richard get called Dick?
What do you call a bread that catches a cold?
What's the difference between a soldier and a sailor?
Do you know how to make a Venetian Blind?
What do you call the money a prostitute makes?
Why did Bill Nye crash his car?
Why can you never compromise with a veggie burger?
Why does Snoop carry an umbrella?
Why didn't the Pharaoh believe he was drowning?
How do you know when you've fucked an apple?
What did the two gum diseases say to the one who had a party without them?
How many people do the cops need to kill in order to start a riot?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
Why do women hate panty lines?
Why do little dogs shake so much?
Why didn't the oyster give to charity?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What does the average cat say?
How do blondes' brain cells die?
What is better than getting a N64 on Christmas?
What are Mario's overalls made out of?
What's the hardest part of the vegetable to eat?
Why was the little shoe sad?
How do you die by heroin?
What are the 7 Irish drinking holidays?
Could We Stop Prefacing Jokes with "My _ year old Son/Daughter Told Me This"?
What do you call a secret agent running for the bus?
Why do stoners love couches?
What do Russians and gays have in common?
Hear about the guy who had a fetish for Christmas?
What's the worst part about pissing outside in the winter?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
How do you measure a milf?
What's Tyrion Lannisters's favourite sea food?
Why is Santa so Jolly?
Why was the baguette excited for his audition?
What is the best part about showering with a 14 year old girl?
[OC] Why did the mayonnaise win the running race?
Why can't Chinese couples have caucasian babies?
How do you get a guy to stop having sex with you?
What do you call it when water is poured over a clock?
Why did the Teletubbies find it hard to pee?
If you're making out with a Thai girl, what's the first thing you should ask yourself?
Why was the professional so impressed with the farmer?
How did Barack propose to Michelle?
What's the difference between pussy and parsley?
What do you call a crew of handsome Italian astronauts?
Why was the paleontologist angry?
Who brings all the good little inclined plane girls and boys presents at Christmas?
You know what's best about Texas?
How many Northern Californians does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call twin kittens?
Why is a 12oz can of Coca-Cola more popular in St. Paul and Minneapolis than a 2 liter?
What do you call a septic cat?
What do you call an oyster who can't find another job?
What do you call a shirt you hate?
What do you call a Roman warrior with hair in his mouth?
What do you call glasses that make you look wise?
Where did Michael Jackson go to college?
Who knows about math and science and is always close by?
What's the difference between a Jew and a Canoe?
Why did the elephant sit on the marshmallow?
Why do horses have such a low divorce rate?
How do you wake up Lady Gaga?
What do you call a wheel with clothes?
Son:Mom! What's a GF?
Did you hear about the guy who died of an epileptic fit?
How did the chicken cross the freeway?
What's a room full of saurkraut?
whose playing shaggy so much?
What's the hardest thing about finding a dead baby on the beach?
What did the raisin see when she came home early from work?
What did the guitars do when they were unhappy with their government?
What's the difference between a customer and a weatherman?
Why don't black cops shoot unarmed white kids?
What's a horny pirates worst nightmare?
What's the difference between a corn husker with tourettes, and a prostitute with diarrhea?
What do you a zombie eating ice cream?
Why did the chickens cross the road?
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breasts?
Why didn't the chicken cross the road?
Have you ever met that one guy you really want to punch in the face?
What do you call a Hungarian insect who won't leave siddhartha alone?
What's the one knot I can tie with my butt?
What's the difference between me and a calendar?
What's the difference between a bag of sugar and a dead baby?
How does a mathematician get Tan?
Why did the chicken commit suicide?
Why did the kitchen cross the road?
did you hear that Frosty broke up with his girlfriend?
What do the elderly eat?
Was I your first?
What are condoms for?
What is your best North Korea joke?
What's the hardest part about being a pedophile?
What did the cop say to his belly button?
You know what really sucks?
You know why you can't scare a gay guy?
What goes in dry and hard, but comes out soft and wet?
what do you call a spicy wrap made at an Indian takeaway?
What would happen if a rodent were to crawl into, and die in, a piece of equipment made by Dell?
What's the difference between a tuna a piano and a pot of glue..?
Have you heard of that family fun game Beat the Parents?
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
When math majors graduate, do they get degrees or radians?
Why did the chord get kicked out of the bar?
What's a pirates favorite letter?
Why does Shang Tsung always enjoy a religious song from Finland?
What do you call a fart from an Egyptian stranger?
What do you call when a blonde dyes her hair brown?
Did you hear about the jurisprudence fetishist that walked into a courtroom?
Why did the Middle Eastern man not want his daughter to go on a date with a boy from school?
What's the same about Mexican and Black people?
How many calories do you get from eating pussy?
What's the difference between an Irish guy dying in a play, and you getting laid?
How do girls know when they are adults?
What's Mary short for?
How can you tell when a mechanic has had sex?
Why is it hard to break up with a Japenese girl?
Why can't youplay UNO with Mexicans?
What do you get when you cross a cat and a wild boar?
In what sport to balls go flying around at speeds of up to 150 miles per hour?
From my 7 year-old son: What rhymes with 'boo' and really stinks?
Did you know there are only two Lawyer jokes?
What is Sacha Baron Cohen's favorite ion?
How do you make a drummers car more aerodynamic?
Did you hear about the German Jockey?
What did one lawyer say to the other lawyer?
What sound does a subatomic Cow make?
What are your best racist jokes?
Did you hear about the documentary on perforations?
What's the difference between a ruble and a dollar?
What do you call hiding in a Michael Bay movie?
Did you hear about the guy who jumped off a tall building and fell through a manhole?
Why is your washing machine always laughing?
How do you beat someone in an argument?
How do you know ancient Egyptians were black?
What is it that's made backwards?
Which cheese is made backwards?
Why do canadians do it doggy style?
Why are red heads never calm?
Hanukah hip-hop act of the decade?
What's the name of the Hogwarts Professor that has an STI?
What do you call a short mexican?
What do you call a female peacock?
How do fish get high?
What do you have if you are holding a cricket ball in each hand?
Why Did the Chicken Cross the Road?
What do you call a shape that's always worried?
Are you a cop from New York?
Why do polish people all have ski at the end of their name?
Where does Jane Fonda buy her groceries?
What do they call Snoop Dogg in Asia?
Why won't Santa be visiting Nigel Farage this year?
So, have you guys seen the headlines about 'Jesus might have had a wife'?
Did you hear about the protests going on outside of Madison Square Garden?
What is red and white and red and white and red and ....?
What did zero say to eight?
What does a girl have in common with a camel?
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball?
What's a rapists favorite meal?
How did Darth Vader know what Obi-Wan was getting for christmas?
Why can't Sean Connery read November?
What is dead on its back, 100 feet in the air?
Do you know why they call them Sperm Whales?
What do you call a violent Buddhist?
How do you get a jewish girls number?
Why are black people always wrong?
Why is Santa's sack so big?
What did the man do after listening to a Pink Floyd album for two hours?
What do you call a Christian who comes to your door to sell you vacuum cleaners?
How do you get a blonde on a roof?
What do you call an alligator in a vest?
Why did the 16 year old Mexican girl get pregnant?
Which war had the most overweight soldiers?
Can people using windows play games online with people with using Mac?
What do you call a pen without style?
What happened to the Christian family when they didn't pay their exorcist?
Hey, baby. Are you cheese?
Why does a chicken coop have two doors?
Why does an elephant have four feet?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
How do you get a sweet little old lady to say F***?
Who is the coolest guy in the Hospital?
What's the worst thing you can do in the name of cupidity?
What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas?
Why is Stephen Hawking so controversial?
What did the man say after he got into a fight with the amputee?
What do you call a bear that's been in the rain?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What did the bull-fighter say to the upset door?
What do you call a gay chicken?
How do you feel when you don't have coffee?
What were the last words Jimi Hendrix said before he died?
How much does a Rabbi charge for circumcision?
Why did the calf cross the road?
Why isn't having sex with a dead baby considered necrophilia?
What is Doctor Who's favorite snack?
What's the difference between Santa and Jewish Santa?
What's the best thing about having sex with twenty-four year olds?
What do you call a sad Ent?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
Why did China lose WW2?
How you heard about the new bad breath removal strategy?
Why are there so many cat photos online?
What would one call a movie about meth addictions?
What's the difference between Marcus Mariota and Floyd Mayweather?
What's green and has wheels?
Where does the CIA buy its groceries?
Why is it so hard to give up fizzy drinks?
How do you measure a Lego figure's shoe size?
If Christians made a movie about church attendance, what would they call it?
How do lesbians celebrate special occasions?
what do you call a young Chinese prostitute ?
What do you call a yak that wants to talk to you about a network marketing opportunity?
What's a pedophiles favorite piece of classical music?
What was the jew doing in the ashtray?
What do you call someone with no arms or legs?
[Warning: Dad joke] What is a dog's favorite Christmas song?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
How do you hide money from a hippie?
What kind of pants does Mario wear?
What's the difference between a slut and a bitch?
What do you get when you combine a rhetorical question and a joke?
Who was King Arthur's knight who built the round table?
What is Snoop Dogg's favorite weather?
Have you heard about Betty the cow?
What's the difference between the Holocaust and the Boston Marathon Bombing?
Why is the north pole of a magnet red?
What's a gay man's favorite time?
What do you call a pirates thong?
Did you hear about the riot at the bar mitzvah reception?
What was Forrest Gump's email password?
Can we have a thread with alternative endings to traditional jokes? I'll start: Why was six afraid of seven?
What did the apple tell the annoying orange?
Q. What's the rudest type of Elf?
How does a sheep farmer find a sheep on top of the mountain ?
What's the hardest thing about riding a scooter?
Why did the semen cross the road?
What's the difference between a sniper with bad eyesight and a constipated owl?
What did the Pirate say on his 80th Birthday?
Why does Santa give better presents to rich kids?
Where was the toothbrush invented?
Why was the atom laughing?
What did the web designer do when a hot girl walked up to him and squeezed his nuts?
You know why it is that when a flock of birds fly in a 'V' formation one side is always longer the other?
Why doesn't Santa have any children?
What's black and white and red all over?
What do you call some who is afraid of Santa?
Why was Kanye's Christmas gift to Kim spoiled?
What's Eric Garner's favorite song?
why do chickens cluck?
What's 8 inches long, sausage-shaped, full of semen and stuffed between a sexy Thai's breasts?
What did the Doe say when she came out of the woods?
How do you know your girlfriend is getting too fat?
Why does the pedophile like minecraft?
What is long and hard on a black man?
If an athlete gets athlete's foot, what does an astronaut get?
What do you call it when a stripper does charity work?
What's 10 inches long, hard as a rock, full of semen and makes all of the ladies scream?
Why are Panda's always sad?
Whats the difference between Elton John and a refrigerator?
What do you call a 6 year old with no friends?
What is a black guy's favorite game to play with the kids?
What is the generic name for Viagra?
Why does Santa have a garden?
What did the hat say to the scarf?
How many Mexicans does it take to fix a light bulb?
What's the difference between a horse and a 13 year old boy?
What's 10 inches long, hard as a rock, full of semen and makes all of the ladies scream?
Why did Al Gore go to the dentist for a tooth pulling?
Did you know in judaism there is no hell?
What kind of overalls does Mario wear?
Have you heard the joke about the corrupt government?
Why is santa so jolly?
What do you call an alligator wearing a vest?
What do you call an aligator that likes to wear vests when no one else is around?
Why didn't the two tampons talk to each other?
What's an 80 year old pussy smell like?
What's the difference between the Rolling Stones and a Scottish shepard?
What do you call a disease you get from having sex?
What is it called when Batman skips church?
What do Santa Claus and Bill Cosby have in common?
What's a dog's favorite mode of transportation?
What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew?
What did the teen say when she found out she was pregnant?
What's brown and sticky?
How many gay men does it take to change a lightbulb?
Did you guys hear that Lorena Bobbitt was recently involved in a traffic accident in L.A.?
What is the slogan of the Mormon Church?
My father?
What was Boaz like before he got married?
Did you know John Denver had dandruff?
What's black and blue and hates sex?
How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb?
Do you know how to tell your ass from a hole in the ground?
How do doctors treat mesothelioma?
You know what's odd?
What Is An Doge?
how many Irishman does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's the hardest part about being a pedophile?
How do you make cultured milk?
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts?
Why is the tailor's daughter such a slut?
What's the difference between a princess and a witch?
What's the difference between myxomatosis and Hugh Hefner?
(A math joke.) What did the acorn say when it grew up?
Why did the condom fly out of the window?
Why did the sperm cross the road?
Why did the guitarist keep his condoms in his guitar case?
Why did the Chinese kangaroo turn red?
What is the difference between snowmen and snowomen?
What's the difference between a Kit Kat and an Essex girl?
What do you call a sleepwalking Nun?
Remember when you were a kid and you used to blow bubbles?
What is Vicious Circle???
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb?
How can you tell when an accountant is extroverted?
What do you call a Chinese billionaire?
What is a rapper's favorite tea?
What do Mexicans use to slice pizza?
Why can't you fool an aborted baby?
Should America make China the 51st state so we can get better access to Chinese food?
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb?
Why is auto correct regarded as an important invention?
What do you call a chicken with lettuce in its eye?
Why did the naughty child not get electrocuted when he stuck a fork in the socket?
What's long and thick and turns conservative women on?
Where does Dracula buy his writing supplies?
What is politics?
What if you had an eye in your asshole?
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg?
Why do people on acid listen to Dubstep?
What do you call a search for small guitars?
Why can't you tell secrets in a corn field?
What followed the Big Bang?
What do you call a bakery owned by a redhead?
Why did Sally fall off the Swing??
What does Santa and Hackers have in common?
What’s green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree it would kill you?
What do you call a Mexican nurse?
What's Santa's favorite snack?
Why did Jesus walk on water?
Why did the climate change denier oversleep?
How did the frog die?
What did Russia say to Ukraine?
Why do orthodox rabbis like lemonade so much?
Where do you put a black jew?
what do you call a group of Mexicans smoking weed?
Did you know Diarrhea is hereditary?
Are black men becoming an endangered species?
What do you get when you cross a Judge and a Potato?
did you hear about the man who cooled to absolute zero?
Did you hear about the pedophile musician?
Why did Vanilla Ice steal a can of hair spray?
What do you call a pickled deer?
What do you call a Jamaican that wears glasses?
What do the woman from southern California and the clouds over the Pacific coast have in commen?
Why did the chicken cross OP's mother?
What's green and eats nuts?
What do wolves say when you yell barba streisand in the forest?
What does Taylor Swift tell her boyfriend when he gets toilet paper stuck on his arse?
Why did the KKK member fail his calculus class?
Who punishes Colorado underage smokers?
Why are DJ's so bad at fishing?
How can you tell if someone is vegan?
What do you call a slut during the holidays?
Are you a solution of bismuth technetium hydride with a pH of 14?
french vs german , who won ?
What did the Irishman say about the RC car tied to his scrotum?
How many white Police Officers does it take to beat up one black motorist?
did you the one about the girl who lost a cucumber I her vagina?
What's worse than a male chauvinistic pig?
You know why half a joke isn't funny?
Did you guys know the majority is always right?
What word is always spelled wrong?
You've heard about the Ferguson situation, right?
What did Hitler say when the barber shaved his head?
Why don't cows hang out with camels?
What does Rihanna think of Chris Brown?
What's a Buccaneer?
Why is titty fucking a girl the most romantic way to make love?
What did god say when he created the first black man?
What's the key to a good joke?
Why couldn't the NSA agent leave his house this Winter?
If Ben Franklin was a Nazi, how would he have discovered electricity?
What did the baby corn say to the momma corn?
What do you call an Eskimo peeping tom?
Why did the Mexicans only bring 5000 people to the Alamo?
How does Lord Voldemort like his pussy?
Pappu:- Should i punished for the work which I have not done??
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
How many people of a certain ethnicity does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call a Mexican that lost his car?
How many metal drummers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a boring taco?
What is Mexico's favorite sport?
What has two holes and smells a lot?
What did Charles Darwin name his book about food?
What do you call a weatherman's evil twin?
What do you call a dedicated but untalented gymnast?
What's the best thing about having sex with twenty six year olds?
What're nuts on a wall?
What do you give to someone who has everything?
Why do feminist picnics suck?
Wanna hear my vegetable joke?
What do white guys do that lasts hours and makes white women scream?
How is a woman like a condom?
What do you get when you mix up literature and alcohol?
How do you think the unthinkable?
What's the difference between Kim Kardashian and a homeless man who works at McDonalds?
What is Mexico's National Sport?
Do you know 25% of woman are seeking help for mental issues?
What did the astronaut say to his girlfriend?
What does Idk stand for?
What do electricians get for Christmas?
What does a hooker get from Santa?
How do you know a redneck invented the toothbrush?
Why did Vana White run off the stage of Wheel of Fortune?
How do Catholic church priests stay healthy?
Why is Iraq like the weather in Britain?
What do you call an animal with a long neck and a love for oranges?
What do you have when you get 32 rednecks in a line?
What do spinach and anal sex have in common?
What did the set-up say to the punchline?
How many guys in the friend zone does it take to light a light bulb?
What's the difference between a hooker and your wife?
How do you steal something from a crazy person?
If athletes get Athlete's Foot, what do astronauts get?
Q: Why is everyone tired of the king playing video poker on his porcelain throne?
Why does lightning always strike trees?
Why couldn't the auction house find any buyers for the Celtic artifact?
Why was the lettuce scared of the salad?
Why was the turkey (bird) named after the country?
How do Egyptians warn each other about a spreading fire?
How long does it take to cook a baby in a microwave?
Why was the dolphin depressed?
Where to dogs who lost their tails go?
Who says love is dead?
How do you make an egg roll?
A man in tights was found near a rock. What happened?
Ever had sex while camping?
What kind of bread do Rednecks like?
Where did the King keep his armies?
What Olympic event that involves throwing should be eliminated?
What's the difference between a bitch and a whore?
What do girls and snowflakes have in common?
What kind of dog can do magic tricks?
What's a baby seals' least favourite drink?
How many assholes does it take to change a lightbulb?
What is the difference between a soap and a jew?
why do women wear make up and perfume?
What's the difference between /r/funny and /r/jokes?
Who was the first female commodore?
How do the jews comunicate?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Why did Princess Diana cross the road?
What's the difference between marmalade and jam?
What killed Phil Hughes?
Why couldn't the orphan watch the movie?
What's the worst feeling when getting your prostate examined?
Have uou ever played the Michael Brown drinking game?
Why should you never trust an atom?
What is the difference between a tube and a foolish Dutchman?
Is god Black or white?
Why aren't there any baby Transformers?
How are old jokes on reddit like a herpes outbreak?
What's black and white and being milked tonight?
What do fat chicks and mopeds have in common?
Father, what causes arthritis?
Why don't orphans play baseball?
What are some jokes that only a specific group of people will understand?
What do you call a sinking ship from BP's Mexico division?
Why does the forest stink during a storm?
What military rank do you hold while using a pay toilet?
What's brown and runny?
Have you heard the joke that they don't tell assholes?
Whats a good joke including all of these ethnicities?
What is legal but not logical, logical but not legal, and neither logical nor legal?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
Did you hear about the musician who couldn't even pay to be in tune?
What do you call an Irishman sitting on his veranda?
What happens when you combine TNT with a hard drive?
Why won't the honeydew marry the watermelon?
So we all know about Gandhi right?
What did a blind french guy said he wanted for christmas?
How do you make holy water from just plain water?
Did you hear about the organic chemical terrorist group?
What do you call a dog that doesn't eat meat?
Yo momma's so fat that objects 5 meters away accelerate at 1 m/s^2 toward her. What is yo momma's mass if G = 6.67x10^-11Nm^2/kg^2?
Why was 6 scared of 7?
Why did 11 eat 12?
Why is the mailman bad at sex?
What is the difference between like, love, hate, and showing off?
What do you call a pile of kittens?
What gets harder the longer it stays in your mouth?
Where do hipsters swim?
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?
Where did Little Sally go during the bombing?
What do you call sliding into home plate, on a green field in Mexico?
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine?
Why is Unidan's current account called UnidanX?
Who farted?
Who's that one armed rockstar drummer?
Who was the most popular cast member on The Facts of Life?
What do you call it when you rape a girl and cum on her chest?
Why do mice have small balls?
What do the titanic and Madelaine McCann have in common?
What do you call a gay farmer?
Why does Snoop Dog always carry an umbrella?
Wanna hear a joke about paper?
Know any good DJ jokes?
Why did the optimistic Chinese guy wish he had multiple personality disorder?
What do you call a guy that hates Christmas and steals the woman you love?
Why was the kamikaze pilot so depressed?
What's worse than being told by your doctor that you have gonorrhea?
Why is a gay guy dating someone named Andy particularly useful?
How does the drug addict know the cocaine is good quality?
What did Elmo take before he left the tickle factory?
What are the three steps to put an elephant into the fridge..?
How can you tell a rich Swiss from a poor Swiss?
Why did the scale not wear any of his shirts?
Is toasting with deaf people offensive?
What does a 1 eyed, 1 legged, and deaf kid get for Christmas?
Why are you on /r/Jokes?
Why do all polish names end in ski?
How do rocks feel about moss?
Did yoy hear what happened to the dyslexic satanist?
Why did the punk cross the road?
What is a orphans biggest dilemma when it comes to cooking?
Which Barbie?
Why, in the United States, do we not have the letter "u" in words like "favourite" and "colour"?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
Wanna hear a clean joke?
Why was little Jimmy fishing in the well?
What do you call a guy with no arms and not legs laying on a porch?
What happens when you put your grandma on speedial?
Why is everyone in the Soviet Union always in a hurry?
How many tickles does it take to make a squid laugh?
Why can't a T-Rex clap?
Why did the guitar shop fail a fire safety inspection?
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say before he went down the mine?
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination?
Q: How many communists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
whats worse than a dead cat on the piano?
How did the private eye use math to find the intent of the crime?
Why did the bride and groom get married in a hot tub?
What's long, hard, and has cum in the middle of it?
What did the hippie say when you told him to leave your house?
What do you call the space between Pamela Anderson's breasts?
What do you call an Indian Jedi?
How do you get away with murder?
What do they call the Hunger Games in Ethiopia?
What's the difference between virgin olive oil and regular olive oil?
What do you call the cook on a Soviet battleship?
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster shucker and a prostitute with diarrhea?
How can you tell if a hippie has been at your house?
Did you hear about the problem at the Indian bread factory?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What happens when you come across lion?
What's a cats most common written thought?
How many Jon Snows does it take to change a light bulb?
What's the deal with Drake, first he was an actor now a rapper?
How did one Brain apologise to the other?
What do 9 out of 10 people always agree on?
What's the worst part about being black?
How do you know Jesus is okay with gays?
What do you get when you cross The Atlantic with The Titanic?
What do you call a fake noodle?
What do you call a nosy pepper?
How many South Americans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why is there no gang violence on the space station?
What do you call Al-Qaeda's April Fools prank?
Hear about the kidnapping at school?
Want to hear a joke about testicles?
Did you hear the one about the amber alert?
Why are all black people fast?
what's black and white and red all over?
How many babies does it take to paint a house?
Why doesn’t Santa have any kids?
What is the definition of a Barbarian?
How do you confuse a blonde?
What is the job of a gentleman pimp?
Why the young tailor couldn't finish his father's pants?
Why doesn't Santa have any children?
What's the best thing about fucking twenty-three year olds?
What do members of secret societies use when they get a head cold?
What do you hear when Bill Cosby walks into the room?
What do you get when you put a knife in a babys ass?
What do Native Americans do for the holidays?
What's long and black?
What do a guitar and a drum have in common?
Why aren't there many female NASCAR drivers?
If advil is ibuprofen, and tylenol is acetaminophen, what is viagra?
How do you confuse a gay?
What happened when pigs started flying?
Why is Santa always so jolly?
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive?
What do Japanses pirates do?
What did one gay sperm say to the other?
Whats better than winning gold at the paralympics?
What do you call your saggy old midwife?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
What do you call a jew who works at a brewery?
Is it just me?
Where does the general keep his armies?
What do you get when you dress the Hulk in Captain America's clothes?
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe?
Did you hear about that one statistician?
Are u cold?
how do you drown a blonde?
a sphincter says what?
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What does Sean Connery do with his quiche?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call a man with no arms?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?
What is it called when the Queen farts?
What do you call Squidward's Protest Group in Mexico?
did you hear the one about Santa went to the doctors?
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple?
How did Roman magistrates keep fit?
why didn't natalie wood take a shower on the boat?
Whats the last thing that goes thru a bug's mind when it hits the windshield?
What do you call an attractive zombie?
What's the KKK's favorite Christmas song?
What did the angry dough ball say to the other dough ball?
What is the most well educated type of nut?
How does Good King Wenceslas like his pizzas?
Where do you go when you start up a videogame about Noodles?
What do you call someone who impersonates a lousy mom?
Why would anyone want to be a masochist?
What do you call a guy who plays the guitar unplugged?
What's black and doesn't work?
Why did the golfer wear a extra pair of pants?
Teacher: why did you laugh?
What do engineers use for birth control?
Why do Jews have big noses?
What do you call Sherlock Holmes when he's constipated?
What do you call black characters in Ferris Bueller's Day Off?
What do you call a fake noodle?
Whats the difference between OP and a magical ram?
What do a walrus and tupperware have in common?
How do you know the difference between snowmen and snowwomen?
How do you make your girlfriend scream during sex?
What's the difficult part about having a dingo for a pet?
Why aren't people from the Westboro Baptist Church archaeologists?
Why does the ocean roar?
How do lions like their steaks?
What do you get when you cross a garden, a rabbit, and some ExLax?
Why is "Z" afraid of all of the other letters?
What do planets like read?
Why don't they have driving classes and sex Ed on the same day in Saudi Arabia?
What is the best offensive joke you have? Can you make me laugh?
Did you hear about the guy who tried to drown his wife with cough syrup before finally strangling her to death?
Why do the French have so many civil wars?
How does Jerry Seinfeld play ice hockey?
How do you know when you're at a gay barbecue?
How did the little boy save the catholic priest's life?
Which band is difficult to dance to?
Why did the leper chase the leopard?
Did you hear about the lady who backed into a belt sander?
Why did it rain on Christmas Eve?
What does a Mexican cop say when he wishes you a Merry Christmas?
What do you call a soldier who survives Mustard gas and pepper spray?
What did The Mandrain say when he told his wife he'd stop masturbating?
Knock knock. Whose their?
Whats a Floridian hookers favorite drink?
What breaks when you give it to a twelve year old?
Where does Russia get its water from?
How does Moses make his tea?
What is them difference between a horse and a Harley Davidson?
Why are fat girls so good at giving head?
What did one casket say to the other casket?
Did you hear about the Darth Vader rape allegations?
What should you always ask after someone says "I'd fuck her, but only with a bag on her head"?
Why do they say I'm black in the bedroom?
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scottish shepherd?
What's the Incredible Hulk's favorite food?
How can you tell when a wine connoisseur is happy?
if you are riding a jet ski in the desert and you pop a tire, how many pancakes does it take to bury the dog?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why should jokes always be sent over TCP?
When is the one time when no doesn't mean no?
Why did Dr Facilier cross the road?
Why do they call it Black Friday?
ho! ho! ho! why is Santas sack always full?
What's the difference between an oral, and rectal thermometer?
Why does Jesus always leave a door open for you?
How many jews could get in to the cab?
What's the difference between Beer nuts and deer nuts?
Did you hear about the pirate who used to walk the plank every night?
When does a cub become a boy scout?
What's Charles Dickens's middle name?
What did Hitler Drink for breakfast?
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
Why do women make better pilots than men?
What do you call a white asian who loves cola?
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection?
What's brown and sticky?
What do crazy girlfriends and chocolate have in common?
What do you call a Nazi who is social and moves freely at a party?
Did you know Princess Diana had dandruff?
Why did the Ferguson protesters not participate in Black Friday?
What's Chris Martin's favorite drink?
Why is Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson always so sad?
What do you call a baseball player who watches porn?
Why does Stephen Hawking do one-liners?
Q: On a scale from 1 to 10, what is your favorite color in the english alphabet?
What is logic?
What's Mario's favorite pants?
How do you make a Jewish philosopher have a Eureka moment?
What did the Asian guy say when he was caught sleeping with another man's wife?
You know what I like better than a good non-sequitur?
Why don't Natives like snow?
Why did the ghost cross the road?
What's red and bad for your teeth?
What's the Square Root of 69?
How do you stop clowns from attacking you?
Why cant the Rolling stones ever be pastors?
Why won't the members of the Westboro Baptist Church drink whole milk?
Why did the hipster drown?
How do you make a cat bark?
What did the white man do at the club?
What do Indians live in?
How do you make a dog meow?
If I had a rooster and you had a donkey and your donkey ate my rooster's feet, what would I have?
Whats 6'2" and doesnt work?
What do you throw a drowning guitarist?
What's the difference between America and yoghurt?
What's the difference between one polar bear and 10 polar bears?
Why do elephants have four feet?
Do you have something against black people?!?!!?
how do you keep a stupid, boorish, unnatractive, and uneducated person hanging?
Why doesn't Jesus enjoy manicures or pedicures?
What do you think about a girl isn't a virgin before 18?
Did you hear about the vegan cannibal?
Wanna hear a joke that ends in a cliffhanger?
Wanna hear a joke?
Why does Thanksgiving feel like a date with Bill Cosby?
What do you call a round knight?
What was the name of that south Korean who had a foot fetish?
How do you ask a tyrannosaur out to lunch?
What do pirates do with their treasure in the winter?
What kind of organisation is Atheism?
Why did the German baker claim on his insurance at Christmas?
What is a punny play?
You guys hear the one about the little French pig?
What did the barfly say to the other barfly?
What do you call a basketball team full of giraffes?
What does a blind person say when you give them sandpaper?
How do you spot the violent kids at the circus?
You know why it's called Black Friday?
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends?
Hey baby, are you a space archaeologist?
What is the #1 cause of paedophilia?
What do you call empathetic bovine?
Guess which city got the best black Friday deals?
What bounces and makes kids cry?
Whats the difference between a woman and a plate?
Why do teenage girls always hang out in odd numbers?
Remember how white people rioted after OJ Simpson's acquittal?
What's the difference between God and Bono?
Can you guess how many turkeys we're gonna serve tomorrow?
Where can you find the best Black Friday deals with items at 100% off?
how did canada choose its name?
How do you say Thanksgiving in Native American?
What's the difference between a hooker and a dead baby?
What did the mother Buffalo say when her boy left for college?
What do you call a porn star who only does anal when she's drunk?
Where do all the bad hamburger buns live?
Want to hear a joke about Nitric Oxide?
What's the slogan of Jewish proselytizers?
Why couldn't the pickle leave the bar?
What did the sun god say in apology for all he had done wrong?
Hey, you funny fellows, what are some nonchalant jokes to tell people that do not sound like a joke at first?
What does Salvador Dali have for breakfast?
What is the Fonz looking forward to the most in the future?
Why did peasants hate knights' outfits?
What do the Scottish people call iPhone?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What do you call the king of the jungle in the land down under?
What's the difference between a Jew and a boy scout?
Which came first? Chicken or the egg?
How do you get a Catholic Nun to have sex?
Do you know what bald eagle tastes like?
How do you call the homosexuell mathematic department of ISIS?
Why do they call it Black Friday?
What is it when you turn off the heat?
Did you hear about the Ethiopian man that fell into an alligator pit?
What's the best way to eat a thanksgiving vegetable?
What is green and smells like pork?
Why are there no walmarts in Pakistan?
What do you get when you cross an oven with a car?
What do fish in Jamaica smoke ?
What do you call a horny priest?
Did you hear the one about the perverted statistician?
What's a pirates favorite fast food?
Why is Peter Pan always flying?
What sexual position produces the ugliest children?
Who's the only one who doesn't say thanks on Thanksgiving?
Who was the first black person accepted into Harvard University?
How do you make a hormone?
Do you know how do you spell Mississippi with one I?
What's the point of going to somebodys funeral?
What kind of cheese is best to watch Lost with?
What fruit can't get married?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
Did you hear about the man with five penises?
What happens when you combine an alpha particle and a beta particle?
What do you call a nun lost in the woods?
What part does Woody Harrelson want to be remembered for most?
Why did the internet pirate get scurvy?
When is it okay to spit an arab woman in the face?
What did one sailor say to the other on Dec. 7 1941?
How many honest politicians does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why'd the hipster burn his mouth?
Why are there no Bruce Lee jokes?
What kind of shoes does Voldemort wear?
What game is all the rage with the Ferguson rioters?
What do you get when you pour root beer into a square glass?
What's the key to a great Thanksgiving?
Why aren't snowmen called snow women?
What kind of joke did the forgetful Redditor make?
Is it too soon for Michael Brown jokes?
A black man and a Mexican man open a restaurant together. What is it called?
What's the best part of having Miley Cyrus over for thanksgiving dinner?
How do you embarrass an archaeologist?
What's the difference between Santa Claus and A Black Rapper?
Why are they rioting in Ferguson?
How does a painter support their art in this economy?
What's the difference between your mom and a pizza?
Why do Native Americans like being invited to Thanksgiving dinners?
Why are Helium, Curium and Barium called the medical elements?
What did the blind, deaf, mute girl get for Christmas??
How do a neckbeard's cells divide?
What is the best thing to come out of Italy?
What do you call a muslim on an airplane?
Why is Santa's sack so full?
Why is Santa so jolly?
Why did the turkey walk across the road twice?
How do you drown a hipster?
Why do Ohio State students and alums say "THE Ohio State University"?
What did Harry Potter name his daughter?
How can you lift an elephant with one hand?
What do you call a shitty city?
What's the difference between Michael Brown and Darren Wilson?
What do you call Hitler underwater?
What do you call a bee with a toe?
Which character in Game of Thrones do I envy the most?
Did you hear the one about Ferguson?
Why did the yankee wolf like southern ladies?
What's the thin line between love and hate?
How many police officers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why didn't the blind man want a seeing eye dog?
What do you call a really shitty nieghbor?
Where did Jimmy go after the explosion?
How do you get a one armed polack out of a tree?
Did you know it's now politically incorrect to say 'black paint'?
My (black) coworkers informed me that black people can't get lice?
What do you call a society governed by men with no testicles?
How are women like tornadoes?
What do you call a bear's dick?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
What did Aslan tell Lucy about the Witch and the Wardrobe?
How many niggers does it take to win a war?
What do you call fat dubstep?
What do you call an angry pirate?
What do bad dancers have in common with Michael J Fox trying to use the soft serve ice cream machine?
Why was the energizer bunny arrested?
Why can't you ever trust an atom?
How many cops does it need to change a light bulb?
How many black people does it take to start a riot?
What's another word for slaughterhouse?
Who burns their own city down?
What do you do when an angry pack of clowns confronts you and tries to fight?
Why did the Jews have such a hard time in Russia?
What does a astronaut put in a sandwich?
How can you tell a black lady is pregnant?
What's the difference between officer Darren Wilson and Michael Brown?
Why did the Turkey join the band?
What's the difference between a lightbulb and a pregnant girl?
Why can't short people cook?
Why was Harry Potter kicked out of Hogwarts?
What do you call a postmodernist ravioli?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Whats the difference between a cricket ball and an Aboriginals pussy?
How many times can you watch the Godfather movies before you're bored?
Who represents a Ghost in court?
Why did Bill Cosby make his own Jell-O?
What do you call a Nurse that specializes in male genitalia?
What do you call an obese terrorist?
Girl, are you a parking ticket?
What do you call Hitler in the water?
What does Samuel Jackson say when he is mugging you?
What's the difference between parsley and pubic hair?
Where's Spiderman's home page?
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball?
What did the worker ant say when the queen ant asked him to make mittens for all of the other ants?
What do you call an Ethiopian on a hunger strike?
What is brown and sticky?
How do you study for a prostate exam?
What do you call a grenade thrown into a restaurant in France?
What did the body builder say when he ran out of protein powder mix?
Why did Henry VIII fail his classes?
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
Why was the picture acquitted of the charge for murder?
Which company makes the best apple cider?
Did you hear about the restaurant on Mars?
Joke my dad told me: What's black and white and red, and has trouble going through a revolving door?
Wanna see an ass-trick?
Have you ever eaten at that Ethiopian restraunt?
How do you get to Matthew McConaughey's House?
What did the dick say to the condom?
Why did the chicken get a strike?
Why did the spy cross the road?
What is a pigs favorite type of acrobatics?
Why don't Geordies use scales?
Whats the best part about sex with a pregnant woman?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
How do Japanese politicians say they got their positions?
What is the common point between broccoli and anal sex?
What happens when a linguist gets sick?
What's the difference between a lentil and a chick pea?
What do you call an alligator in a vest?
In the event of a zombie apocalypse, who's the first to lose his job?
Why is the letter "B" so cold?
What did the deer say when he left the gay bar?
how many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
What's the best part about going to a holocaust museum?
What does 80 year old pussy smell like?
What did the McDonald's addict suddenly realize?
Where did the pregnant T-Rex go for a check-up?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What's the difference between a gun and a wife?
What's the difference between Alabama and Mississippi?
How come white girls can only count odd numbers?
What do Pavlov's dogs call storefront bell-ringers?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why did the Chicken cross the playground?
What do you call 4 lepers in a Jacuzzi?
Did you hear about all the students who are using brake fluid to get high?
How many Ferguson police does it take to change a light bulb?
Why is Peter Pan such a terrible pilot?
Why did the psychic get fired?
Have you heard of Bill Cosby's new T.V. show?
What's brown and runs around your garden?
What does Sting have in common with a snitch?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
What comes after 69?
What's the difference between a barrel rider, and a can of Copenhagen?
What does a 9 volt battery and a girls ass have in common?
Want to hear an Ebola joke?
How do dubstep DJs masturbate?
Why aren't their Mexican Olympics?
Why was the computer programmer single?
What movie did Leonardo DiCaprio's dog recently star in?
why did the pacifist stay away from cows?
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's wife?
Why Can't a Nose be 12 inches long?
What is the speed limit for sex?
How many Jewish mothers does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
What do you call a pile of cats?
Did you hear about the crocodile with false teeth?
A gay couple and a lesbian couple check into a hotel. Which couple leaves first the following morning?
What's the definition of a period?
What is a paranoid man's favorite food?
Why is gravity so weak?
what comes after 69?
What's the definition of Eternity?
Why did the train kill people?
How many IT support techs does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why is it a bad idea to hunt the US national bird?
What do dinosaurs put on their pizza?
What do you call black people in the military?
Did you hear about the tragedy today at the All Western Hemisphere Ploughman's Competition?
Have you met my vegetarian girlfriend?
What's 668?
Where does a thumb meet its type?
Why did the college student change his major from Biology to Physics after his first exam?
Did you hear about the crime that happened in a parking garage?
Why did little Dan dropped his ice cream?
What did Jesus say when he was nailed upon the cross?
whats white with red stripes and crawls slowly over the floor?
What's the difference between batman and a black man?
What do you call customers at Lidl?
Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac?
A joke about rehab and people who think they are better than you...and horses?
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb?
What do indian mice do when they get scared?
Why are Dutch people so tall?
What do you call a joke that makes fun of a woman, who has not consented to be made fun of?
How can you tell if a Newfoundlander is gay?
What's M. Night Shyamalan's favorite flavor of ice cream?
Why was Jimmy sad?
What's the difference between a big penis and a small penis?
What do you call a black gynecologist?
What do robots do at the rave?
Why Do Mathematicians Never Go To The Beach?
what do you call a Kentucky farm girl who can run faster than her dad?
what do you call a blond standing on her head?
Why can't Jesus eat a cheeseburger?
What do you do if you're attacked by a bunch of Carnies?
Do you have a bible?
what are pee wee herman's favorite baseball teams?
What does a gay horse eat?
Did you hear about the magic tractor?
Who has better friends?
What do you get when you run over geese?
Why did the chicken get a strike?
What's the difference between Batman and a black man?
What's long and hard on a black guy?
What's the difference between a cigarette and my exwife?
Girl, do you have a defibrillator?
How can you tell who's the head nurse at a hospital?
(Original) Why should you keep a broken clock?
What's the difference between a dog and a marine biologist?
Have you heard of the man that walked all day and only moved two feet?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
What did Charlie Manson get his fiancée?
How did ISIS become so powerful?
What do you say to a urinating Italian?
Why did the programmer's girlfriend move back home so quickly?
What's under the Pillsbury Doughboy's apron?
What is the first thing men newborns do before first breath?
What do you call Dracula's retarded cousin?
Did you here about that concert where the frontman flung his crap into the crowd?
What's the capital of Wisconsin?
How does a French lady hold her liquor?
Why wouldn't the skeleton go diving?
What did the parents say to the Rabbi after the circumcision?
Why did the Computer Engineer retire young?
How do you kill a blonde?
What has the Middle East and Kim Kardashian's ass got in common?
What's the fastest path to the top?
Why Don't Lobsters Share?
What do you call an elevator with a group of slim, softly spoken, intelligent people inside?
Have you heard about the midget psychic who broke out of jail?
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
Want to know how I escaped Iraq?
What did the Frenchman say when he saw a dirty toilet?
Why are Americans scared of roundabouts?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth?
Why doesn't the deaf have sex?
Why did the man get sent to jail?
What did the lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire?
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
Do you know what the last result of the World Cup was?
What does a mother use to keep her childrens' toenails soft and smooth?
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?
What's the difference between a hockey player and a feminist hippie chick?
So, how do you like your job as an elevator repairman?
What is a cannibal's favourite treat?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
Got any gwapes?
Did you hear about Russia's preservation new project?
What kind of sound does a whorn make?
What are the rough parts of Italy called?
Damn girl are you sitting on a F5 key?
Did you hear about the new transgender operation?
How many Patriots fans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Who won the Tour de France in 1940?
What do you get when two giraffes collide?
Out of?
What's 12 inches long and white?
Why doesn't men use make-up or perfume?
Do you have any broccoli?
What do dark humour and food have in common?
Why does wonder woman fly?
How do you kill a vampire dinosaur?
What's red and black and scares women worldwide?
R niggers 2 gay 4 u?
Have I ever taught you South american Judo?
You got some jokes?
What's the toughest type of pie?
Why did the Dictator ban Soda?
Why were the witch and wizard always kissing each other's necks?
Have you heard of the book about airplane factories?
How does Moses make tea?
TIL That Oscar Pistorius once opened a pizza parlor only to have it fail and go bankrupt. The cause?
How do you call a dog with no legs?
Did you meet the guy who masturbated on the toilet?
What is Mexico's national sport?
What do you call a semi truck owned by an Italian?
What's the cheapest cut of meat?
Why did the English major break up with the pilot?
What did Barack Obama say when he dropped his shell at the beach?
Did you hear about the cannibal Bob Marley?
What do 9/10 people love?
Why was the man with size four shoes turned away from Mount Everest?
Why couldn't Jango wear Boba's helmet?
A guy is fucking his wife up the ass when the house catches fire. Why does his wife make it outside first?
Why do dogs lick their balls?
Did you hear about the two gay Irishmen?
What does it mean when a lion roars?
What do you call it when two robots have sex?
What would Marilyn Monroe be doing if she were alive today?
What did one testicle ask the other testicle?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
Which chocolate stops dogs hair falling out?
What would Gregor Mendel pray for if he had a blender for his experiments?
What is the difference between oral and anal thermometers?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees?
Where do you find a dog with no arms and no legs?
How many kids does a sterile German have?
What is the difference between a joke and sex?
What do you call a female dog with a pH over 7?
Why is six afraid of seven?
What do you call a Mexican Midget?
why wasn't jesus born in mexico?
Did you hear the one where the Scotsman gave his son some money?
What's Hitler's favorite weather?
What do you call a sink that doesn't work?
How do you know if someone is a vegan?
whats the difference between a jew and a pizza?
What can an elevator do that a black man can't?
What did the blonde say when she saw a banana peel?
Why did the riot police show up early to the protest?
Why do men stare at a woman's breasts?
What is the favourite meal of pakistani taliban members?
Who Makes More Money, A Prostitute Or A Drug Dealer?
Hey, did you hear about the road paver who got fired?
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
What kind of grass do cows like most?
What do a Marionette User and Tampon Thief have in common?
Who did Chris Brown mistook Rihanna for?
What's your favorite thing about earth?
What's the best thing about a woman?
What does a guy think in the middle of a blowjob?
Want to hear another Ebola joke?
Why does it smell so bad in Russia?
Did you hear about the group Italians joining ISIS?
What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer?
How do you find out what's in an e-cigarette?
What would happen if for one day nobody could make calls with their cellphone in the United States?
Does anybody know whats heart does?
Where do you hide an airport?
What happened to the cant when it ate a ball of wool?
Good Music Jokes?
How do you sink a norwegian submarine?
What do you call a wrongly accused art thief?
Does anyone know what would happen if the earth rotated 30 times faster than it does today?
What do you call an imam that owns a goat and a camel?
Why is drinking American beer like making love in a canoe?
What's the difference between John Kenndy Jr. and Ted Kennedy?
What do you call a fat man in a white t-shirt?
Why were there no feminists in Communist China?
Did you hear about the dyslexic devil worshipper?
What do Africans eat for lunch?
Has Kim Kardashian Broken The Internet?
Hadron collider?
You know what's nuts?
Who is the original Kardashian?
What's an empty suit of armor doing on the drivers side of a car?
How many second violinists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why isn't Hitler invited to the barbecue?
What do Winnie the Pooh and Attila the Hun have in common?
How did the constipated mathematician solve his problem?
What does 80 year old pussy taste like?
Why is craving karma points ironic?
What do you call a rich man's white tank top?
If Philae finds an inhabitant on the comet what would be its first words?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish person?
What's that there?
What do you call the facility where they make lower quality, but still acceptable, goods?
How do you circumcise a hillbilly?
Where do bees go to the bathroom?
What's green and comes out of your nose at 160mph?
What do you do?
In the 90's did the backstreet boys have a cafeteria?
Did you hear about the cannibal who cloned himself to see what he would taste like?
What did one doctor say to the other doctor?
What do you get when you cross hot chicks coming and going, a camera, a guy known for his explosion scenes, and a douche?
What do you call snacks served at a brothel?
What is green and smells like pork?
Twat did you say?
What's that again?
What diagnosis did the veterinarian give to the dog with the funny walk?
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a kangaroo?
What did the busy tailor say to the Scarecrow who needed some mending?
What did the slutty DNA say to the other DNA?
What do you call a herd of cows masturbating?
How is the elevator business?
What's red and orange and looks great on hippies?
What did the bald man say when he got a comb as a gift?
What did the bra say to the hat?
How many WoW devs does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What did Jesus say to the Eskimos?
Two gay men and two lesbian are in a race, who wins?
Why can't you have sex with a nun?
What did Captain Picard call his poop?
What do you call a pile of kittens?
what did the leper say to the prostitute?
Did you know that 50% of asian businessmen have cataracts?
What is the theory behind Brownian motion of sperms?
What's an owl's favourite pin code?
The difference between dates and prunes?
Who's Zombies greatest enemy?
How does Carrot Top have sex?
What do you call a lesbian who also doesn't eat meat?
What do you call a sugary werewolf?
What do you call a British dinosaur?
What's a bananas favourite business to own?
Why can't you tell puns to a kleptomaniac?
Do you know how to tell when your girlfriend is getting fat?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
What did Putin say after he sent his troops to Ukraine?
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam?
Why was Hitler diagnosed with blindness?
While escaping from the police, what did one bug say to the other?
Why did the mission control operator tell the astronauts not to eat any food?
Why did hitler kill himself?
How many feninists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What did the bald man say when he got a comb for Christmas?
What is the difference between your dog and your girlfriend?
Why is it so cold in San Francisco?
What's two holes in a hole ?
What did Nicki Minaj, Hitler and a Feminist say when they walked into a bar?
Why wasn't Jesus born in Detroit?
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
What did the slutty girl buy at the furniture store?
What do you get when a horse's food comes to know Jesus?
What is the longest word?
How do you know the universe likes Saturn?
What did the Alligator say to the turtle?
How do blind people know where to find Braille signs on walls and doors?
Did you hear about the new Arnold Schwarzenegger movie?
How do you get a fat girl into bed?
Why was Homer Simpson in such a rush to get to the Kwik-E-Mart?
Why do Italians carry slices of turd in their wallets?
Why was six afraid of seven?
How many dull people does it take to change a light bulb?
Why are there no awards for excellence in betas?
What did the blonde Buddhist say when she finished her 88th prayer?
What is your best orphan/dark joke?
I became a father late last night. Reddit, what are your best dad jokes?
Why do old men need Viagra?
What do you call 2 Chainz when he gets fat?
What's the most casual crime you can commit?
A riddle or a joke? You are at a party with over 100 people, how can you tell which one is a pilot?
How are bears related to cooking?
What did the fisherman say to the fisherwoman?
How do Africans carry Ebola?
What did Bill Cosby say in response to his rape allegations?
What did Goku say when he heard his wife listening to the song, "Fancy"?
Hey, you wanna hear a joke?
What do you call a comedian who couldn't make it?
What did the two lesbian vampires say to each other?
How many choir directors does it take to change a light bulb?
What do programmers and obese people have in common?
What do you call it when a prostitute makes paper birds?
How did Hitler achieve 99 firemaking?
Did you hear about that nightclub for birds?
What is the worst part about an unfinished joke?
What does Bill Clinton say when he is having anal sex with Hillary Clinton?
What did the farmer tell the hoe?
Where do pencils come from ?
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends?
What did the mathematician say to the lumberjack drummer?
How do you kill a book?
why did the hipster burn his mouth drinking coffee?
Did you hear about the guy who went for the world fapping record?
If a quiz is quizzical, what is a test?
Did you hear about the midget Scotsman who does avant garde strip tease?
What do you call a Pokemon with a STD?
How do you make holy water?
Why does AMD call having 2 or more cards Crossfire?
why Jewish men get circumcised?
Why people don't offer chair to Sean Connery when he comes?
Does a cow have the Buddha-nature?
What happens if you cut off your left hand?
Why was the guy with the foot fetish in a bad neighborhood?
What do you call the surgical procedure for a female to male sex change?
Did anyone hear about the new music genre created by the VP in the clinton administration?
What do you call it when a broke person makes a sex tape?
Why Latvian man did cross road?
What do you get when you cast Michael J. Fox as Walter White?
Did you hear about the cannibal that passed his brother in the woods?
What do you call a country run by a bunch of stubborn old deer?
What did Hitler say when 7 ate 9?
Why did the doorman get a raise?
What did Samsung say after Apple came out of the closet?
What is Bruce Lee’s favorite drink?
When's the best time to go skydiving?
Did you hear about the man who was using apples and oranges for flooring?
What do you call the spaces between the bits on a comb?
What's the difference between Jewish people and Harry Potter?
What do you call a man in the ocean with no arms or legs?
What's the difference between a coyote and a flea?
Why can't Miss Piggy count to 70?
What's a waste of time, wrapped up and is regular near Christmas?
What's it called when a cow kills itself?
How are a homosexual and a tumbleweed alike?
Where do cats go after death?
What do you call a sleepy relative of a paper towel?
Did you hear about the surgeon that got sacked for having sex with his patients?
What does a Russian woman say to stop her husband from abusing her?
What's the difference between a northern fairy tale and a southern fairy tale?
How did Mark Zuckerberg meet Miley Cyrus?
What do you call a spitting vampire?
What's the award for being the world's best dentist?
What do you call a Mexican without his car?
Am I the only one that sees the irony?
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
What's easier to pick up the heavier it gets?
What's the worst part about being black and Jewish?
What did the humanistic psychologist say at Freud's funeral?
What did the bean say to the other bean?
Did you hear about the vulture that became a priest?
What's the only animal that can't get hit in the head?
Why do black men make such good husbands?
If women can do anything that men can do, then why haven't they ever suppressed an entire gender before?
How do you tell which truck is the mail truck?
Why are toilet tasks called ONE and TWO?
What happens when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Which do Catholic priests like better—apples or cherries?
How many handicapped guys does it take to change a light bulb?
Why does California have more lawyers and New Jersey have more toxic waste dumps?
What does a Mexican cut a pizza with?
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter?
Did yall see the Ebola donation thing that popped up on Face Book the other day?
What do you call a pickled female deer?
What do you call 24 carrots?
Why is a raven like a writing desk?
Did you hear about the dolphin who went thru a existential crisis?
How does a butcher introduce his wife to his friends?
What do you call a Mexican baptism?
What kind of photograph does Arnold Schwarzenegger take?
Where do fortune tellers keep the fortunes?
Why don't women wear skirts during winter?
where did the lone ranger take his trash to?
What part of the computer the astronaut likes the most?
What do Swedish people put in their coffee?
What do you call a disabled cub scout?
What's difference between dollars and Jews?
Did you hear about the two car pile up in Mexico?
What do you call Batman when he leaves Church early?
Two "is/does yo mama" jokes from the last century?
What's worst than finding a worm in an apple?
Any one wanna hear a funny joke?
How to turn a dishwasher into a snow blower?
Why did Sally fall out of the swing?
Why were the two homosexual melons protesting at city hall?
how did the art student make a million dollar work of art?
How do you get to Matthew McConaughey's house?
What does a burnt pizza and a pregnant girl have in common?
What does the earth eat for breakfast?
What colour socks does a bear wear?
What does Edgar Allen Poe call his women?
What do you call a woman who misses her period?
Why do British prostitutes always carry Vaseline?
Why is Santa's sack so big?
What's better than tennis?
What is the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts?
What's worse than two babies in a dumpster?
What's the American settler's spirit animal?
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy?
How to have an unforgettable date?
Why did all the potato chips but one jump off the cliff?
Why are Jewish men circumcised?
What's 9 inches long, pink, and makes my girlfriend scream when I put it in her mouth?
What's the difference between a cow who makes regular milk and a cow who makes chocolate milk?
Why does lanolin oil smell exactly like cow semen?
Can't you imagine Joan Rivers tossing off this one-liner by the unforgettable Belle Barth?
Did you hear about the girl that went fishing with the three guys?
Why did Hitler kill himself?
What's the hardest part breaking up with a Japanese girlfriend?
Wanna hear a funny joke?
What did one computer say to the other?
So, hows your DNS lookup up?
Did you know there's a new sub for disputes?
Why did the man cross the road?
What do you call a Mexican pervert?
What do gay men and Xbox's have in common?
How do you get 100 babies into a phone booth?
What do a plumber and a walrus both enjoy?
Why did the sperm cross the road?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Guess what?
Whats the easiest way to annoy someone?
Why is Forrest Gump as a young boy without his leg braces like a Samurai without a master?
Did you hear about the string of bank robberies committed by a guy dressed up like Jesus?
What breaks when you give it to a baby?
How are books like dogs?
What did the conformist say to the Guru?
What do you call a love story between resistance and energy?
What do you call a German physician who specializes in the epidermis of the scalp?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Why do presidents have unsatisfied wives?
Where does the vampire deposit his savings?
Where does the vampire sail?
What do Jesus Christ and Male Porn-stars have in common?
What's the difference between a watermelon and a baby?
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
What would you rather have Parkinson's or Alzheimer's?
Where did all the Sephardic Jews go?
What do Japanese emperors and rappers have in common?
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe?
Have you heard the one about the constipated mathematician?
Did you hear about the shooting with the starting pistol?
What do a gynecologist and a pizza delivery guy have in common?
Did you hear about the new chemical that turns lesbians straight?
What's the worst way to tell a guy his small penis is okay?
What do you call it when a fish fucks his sister?
What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice?
What kind of container is appropriate for noble gases?
What do you get when you cross 10 sodium particles with the Dark Knight?
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft?
Have you seen that movie Constipated?
What did the scientist say before he died by mixing Hydroxide and Nitrate?
How is a Jew like a new pair of eyeglasses?
Did you all hear about this morning after pill?
Why are ghosts bad liars?
How did Darth Vader know what Obi-Wan Kenobi was getting for Christmas?
Why are Wayne and Garth banned from playgrounds?
How do you get a Ford recalled?
What is the scientific measurement for moistness?
Why do black people only have nightmares?
What do an anorexic person and Sonic the Hedgehog have in common?
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call the death of the Trilobites?
How do mob boss mules open doors?
What did the "O" call the Zero?
What did one pile of burning wood say to the other?
Why do scuba divers fall backwards out of the boat?
Why is Darth Vader so famous?
How far could you see if you had a 12" dick growing out of your forehead?
What do you call a really fast seamstress?
Who is the most popular guy at a nudist colony?
How many Democrats does it take to change a light bulb?
How are sex and pizza similar?
Why is owning a Prius difficult?
Why do Jews hate water?
Whats an African dad joke?
Why was the bullet train behind schedule?
What happens when the president of the United States has to use the bathroom?
Why are dog boners so classy?
You know what a Freudian slip is?
What do you call the illegitimate son of a man with a big face?
Did you know that the Coast Guard is the only branch of military with a minimum required height of 6feet?
Wanna hear a good dick joke?
What did Anna Freud let her underwear show?
Why was the dolphin sad?
How many eskimos does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How does one become an Astronaut?
What is the premier dish in Israeli-Japanese cuisine?
Why are the British known for keeping a stiff upper lip?
How can you tell if a woman is faking an orgasm?
Did you hear about the gangster panda?
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What did Truman Burbank's father say to him?
Why Do Giraffes Have Such Long Necks?
What do you call allergy season without any Kleenexes?
Why did the skeleton go to the movies alone?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
What does a guy drink when he wants to go out with a girl?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
What did the mayonnaise say to the man opening the fridge door?
A black woman has 5 children, all named Tyrone. How does she tell them apart?
Why can't Helen Keller drive?
Why didn't The African go to the classical music event?
What did the Nazi say to the clock that only went: "tick ____ tick ____ tick ____" ?
Why did the baker have brown hands?
Hey baby are you a unbalanced equation?
Why do people say amen instead of awomen at church?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
Want to hear a joke about ebola?
Why don't taxi drivers talk to each other?
How many Catholics does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Whats the most popular breakfast food in Africa?
What did Batman say to Robin before they hop on the Batmobile?
What do you call a sad suicidal bird?
What do you call a black man when he is sitting in the cockpit controlling an airplane?
You know why I want to call you Yoda?
How do Emo kids reward themselves?
What do Brooklyn and tight jeans have in common?
What did the polite bacteria say to the mouth?
Whats the most common breakfast in Africa?
Did you hear about the new Christian online video game?
Do you know how long it's been since I've had an erection?
How did the scottsman find the sheep in the tall grass?
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman?
What do you have when life gives you melons?
Do you like to draw?
Who was the first Mexican to be knighted by the Queen?
How do historians know that Joseph wasn't Jesus' dad?
What's the difference between juice and cider?
Whats the most obvious feature shared by a leprechaun and a sober Irishman?
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the best part of divorce?
What's the #1 horror movie in the far east ?
Where did Jewish Rats go during the Holocaust?
Why don't people like to play uno with Mexicans?
why did they invent white chocolate?
Why was the criminal's argumentative essay so good?
How did the Neanderthal dad teach his son how to wear underwear?
What do you call a used rubber in a church parking lot?
What's the difference between a hold-up and a stick-up?
What's the difference between Navy SEAL training and Boy Scout camp?
How does a gay male take off his condom?
What do you call a corn cob on a track team?
Anyone wanna buy any budgies?
What do you call a piece of pasta that doesn't have any friends?
What kind of bees make milk instead of honey?
Anyone got a clean, long joke?
What's difference between good weed and good pussy?
What do you call a cunt squared?
What did the Pink Panther say when he stepped on an ant?
Why was the mushroom a hit at parties?
What do Mexicans use to cut their pizza?
What do you call it when cosine plays?
What is worse than a dead baby in a garbage bag?
What do you call a hippie with a business major?
How do you know when your gf is getting fat?
What did Ernie say to Bert when he asked for ice cream?
How do you know your GF is getting fat?
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of co-ordination?
What do you call an autistic kid that accidentally ate a pot brownie?
What is my ex girlfriend's favorite hands on day in math class?
Whats another name for google glass?
What do you call a redneck with two sheep?
Who's the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
What's orange and sounds like a parrot?
Did you hear about the magic tractor?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
What do you get if you steamroll a crab and a Korean at the same time?
What's the shittiest day of the week?
Where does Sean Connery shit?
Did you hear about the new nightclub that opened called "Erectile Dysfunction"?
How do you stop a nigger from raping a girl?
Why was the tomato blushing?
WHO IS JACK SCHITT?
Q:How do you tell the time in Antarctica?
Why ebola medicine doesn't work in Africa?
What do you call?
Why do I like sweet potatoes?
What do you get when you cross a bungee cord with an owl??
Why are astrophysicists always nervous before they launch a new satellite?
How many dead babies can you fit in a phone booth?
How does a fetus like it's amniotic fluid?
Why do we say dogs are man's best friend? Why not say dogs are man's and woman's best friend?
Why did lawyers support the bill to legalize gay marriage?
What is the poo from a fish with no dad called?
Why can't Casper have kids?
What was the black guys reaction to the 3/5ths compromise?
How do ghosts like their chicken cooked?
Why can't a ghost get anyone pregnant?
Why did the Vampire's girlfriend break up with him?
What grows on Seasame Street?
What do you call a bad hairdresser who is also very expensive?
Why do people say love is like chemistry?
What did one tonsil say to the other?
What is the similarity between poop and aliens?
What is an apt gift for a female porn star that collects vintage comic books?
Why do we carve pumpkins for Halloween?
How do you tell a domesticated cat from a wild one?
HALLOWEEN JOKE: Why don't witches ever have babies?
Why can't ghosts have sex?
Why was Helen Keller a bad driver?
Why did the golfer bring an extra pair of pants?
What did the ocean say to the other ocean?
What is the rapper's favorite bread?
What's the biggest difference between a crayon and your ex?
Whats the difference between a snowman and a snow woman?
Have you ever had sex while camping?
Can someone tell me that Johnny go deeper joke from 15 years ago?
Want to read my favorite dirty Jewish word?
Did you hear about the guy who had sex with his car?
Have I told you about my vacation to Oklahoma?
What's the difference between a kidney bean and a chickpea?
What's another name for a "penis potato"?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How much is the bare minimum?
Best man speech jokes for a Halloween wedding?
Why are women so odd?
How do you tell a joke about ISIS?
How do Mexicans cut their pizzas?
What sport do you play with a wombat?
Guys, I think I just came up with a new joke! Why don't they drill holes in golf clubs?
Why did the groom ask his bride to wear white?
hear about the gay indian?
Why are hours gay?
what are you getting your wife for her birthday?
What kind of karate do Rabbis know?
When are the hiest's coming out?
What do you get when you cross a Mexican with an octopus?
Why did the can crusher quit his job?
What would George Washington do if he were alive today?
What do you do with 100 peaches?
Why did the John leave the Brothel?
Did you hear about the plane crash in Poland?
How do you turn a computer into a zombie?
Why do so many pigs die whilst eating apples?
Would you blow him?
How come Jews run the world?
Why did the skeleton cross the road?
Did you hear about the Mexican train killer?
What did the chicken say ?
What did a constipated Watson tell Sherlock?
Want to hear an ebola joke?
What do you do when you see an upside down dolphin?
What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver?
Did you hear about the furry who got detained at the border?
How do you fit 20 Jews in a Cadillac?
Want to hear another joke about Ebola?
Pain Pills?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom?
What is the most deadliest breakfast?
What is a priest's favorite guitar chord?
What's the difference between the IRS and a baby?
Why dont blind people go skydiving?
How do you tell the difference between a meth head and a hillbilly?
Hey, Gandalf! What is it that bats can do but badgers can't?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why did the kid cross the playground?
What's green and smells like red paint?
What do you call peanuts in space?
Did you ever wonder what the Para in ParaOlympic stood for?
Did you hear the one about the donkey and the sloth?
Why is it called taking a shit?
WHY CAN'T YOU BE LIKE THAT?
How do you stop a dog humping your leg?
Why do I always sit in the back of an airplane?
What's the difference between a snowman and snow-women?
Why did Jimmy get into a horrific car accident?
What does a Mexican wizard use to cast magic?
Innuendos?
What did onlookers say to the Wright Brothers as they took off?
Why did the little tugboat do what all of the other tugboats told him to do?
What did the host of an orgy say to his guests?
Did you hear about Elon Musk's X in Virginia?
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable?
What do you call a phallic music scale, crushed under a piano?
What do Africans want to be for Halloween?
Why are elements attracted to the Noble Gasses?
How many religious people does it take to change a light bulb?
Why do blonde girls have bruises around their belly buttons?
What do you call it when a jaeger licks your butthole?
What do you call a pessimistic clone?
What do ISIL and Little Miss Muffet have in common?
What is Obama's last name?
What workplace benefit do ebola quarantine nurses receive?
Did you hear Nicky Minaj was admitted to hospital?
Why does Barbie never get pregnant........?
Why couldnt the NSA whistle blower leave russia?
What do you call a nomadic caveman?
What did the square say to the blob?
When is a door not a door?
Where could you look up Joan of Arc's profile?
What's an African's least favorite appetizer?
What kind of education does a horny mathematician impart?
What gives a ghost the right to haunt people?
You know what seems odd to me?
Why does Barbie like Halloween?
Why did the puppeteer get out of jail?
Why is it so difficult for women to find a man who is sensitive, caring, and good looking?
What kind of cake does a baseball player prefer?
What is the fastest cake in the world?
Why do Russians love Pho so much?
What do you get when you cross Ebola and Tourette Syndrome?
what do you call a chav in a box?
Why was Darth Vader so ugly?
What' the difference between Adolf Hitler and Lance Armstrong?
What do you call a midget psychic that escaped prison?
What do you call a Frosty's prostitute?
What is it called when an exchange student goes to Malaysia?
How can you tell if your wife is dead?
What is it like to eat out an old grandma?
Did you hear about the man who did it with a parakeet?
What's a panda's favourite drink?
Why don't quantum physicists have sex?
How do you clean a condom?
What do you call it when you poop and masturbate at the same time?
If a bundle of sticks with an axe in it is a fasces, does that make an OP with an axe to grind a fascist?
What kind of car does a pirate drive?
What is Forrest Gumps password?
What's the difference between a bus station and a lobster with breast implants?
What does an unborn fetus and a tube of toothpaste have in common?
What do you call a drug addict that's allergic to heroin?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do you call a psychic dwarf running from the law?
What is long, green, and smells like bacon?
What do you call a midget psychic on the run from the bunko squad?
Why did the man put condoms on his ears during sex?
What do you call a psychic, escape convict who is also a dwarf?
What do you call an angry pirate?
How do you catch a unique rabbit?
How does a crackhead order their whiskey?
What does the old Nazi call his favorite reclining chair?
Why do chefs put so much effort into baking cakes?
How many countries' flags make an appearance at every auto race in the world?
What do you call a clairvoyant dwarf that recently broke out of prison?
When does one plus one equal three?
What did the athletic trainer say to the body builder who was allergic to protein powder?
Did you hear about the midget psychic who escaped from prison?
What are the odds of an anorexic girl joining the clergy?
Why did the eyeglasses model become a beekeeper?
Wanna hear a joke about a stupid person?
How many babies does it take to paint a wall??
What do you call an anti-diuretic wine?
Why do technicolor pigs have great breath?
Did you hear about the midget psychic who escaped from prison?
What is the proper definition of indefinitely?
What kind of dog did Dracula have?
You know what the best part about having sex with twenty three year olds is?
What's the difference between pink and purple?
How do you start an Ethiopian rave?
What do you call a fat psychic?
What's the difference between me and a dentist?
How do you say virgin in German?
I've just been to the hospital where the doctor told me my DNA was backwards. And?
Why do Jewish men get circumcised?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Why is Thor's brother always overlooked?
Why do they call them rapeseeds?
How many tickles does it take to make a squid laugh?
whats the deal with shemales?
Kid: Mommy, mommy! Can I lick the bowl?
What's the difference between a large pizza and an art student?
What's the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels?
What do you call a Canadian pimp?
What do you call a vampire that eats period blood?
What do you call a French man wearing sandals?
What do English pirates call each other?
What couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie?
What is the difference between light and hard?
What did the African have for breakfast?
You guys hear about the guy that went bowling in NY after he came back from West Africa?
What's the difference between a black man and Batman?
Why do scuba-divers fall backwards off the boat?
Why should you never bring your Pokemon cards into the washroom with you?
Did you hear about the statistician's party?
what do you call chicken shawarma wrapped in a tortilla?
Who are the fastest readers in the world?
Whats the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
What do you call a really bad sausage?
Wanna know something odd?
What do you call and Irishman who works in a French cafe?
What is the difference between a Ferrari and 4 dead babies?
Whats the odd one out ?
What did the suicidal college student say to his room mate?
How many months have 28 days?
What is a pessimists blood type?
What's the difference between a dead baby and my ex-girlfriend?
What kind of poker do stoner cows play?
Why is the peanut crying?
A joke I made up when I was high: Why is it good to know someone who kicks ducks in the face?
What's 6.9?
What's the difference between a microwave and anal?
Why did the pirate have to change wenches?
What do you call an Asian woman with one leg?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What do you call a Chinese guy when he's laughing?
What do you call a Japanese Transvestite?
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball?
What's the difference between a Maine girl and a moose?
What's the hardest part about rollerblading?
What do gay horses eat?
Where is a pirates favorite place to shop for toys?
What's the difference between a pizza and a gym teacher?
What do you call a mexican midget?
Why do women wear makeup and perfume?
What's brown and sounds like a bell?
What do you call a paraplegic with Ebola?
What do you call suicide committed while shitting?
What do you call your ex-girlfriend in Maryland?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What is a rapists favourite vegetable?
How do you know you can't trust doctors and lawyers?
What does a data scientist do after an heavy lunch?
What do Sea Monsters eat?
What do you call an epileptic having a fit in a deck-chair?
What's black and sits at the top of a staircase?
What's the difference between a green bean chickpea?
Have you heard of the new constipation movie?
Why did the hipster drown in the lake?
What does a buffalo says to his son before going to school?
How do you find Will Smith in a snow storm?
why do ghosts like elevators?
What's the strongest plant in the world?
What the NSA say to NASA?
Did you hear about the man who took so much LSD he started spontaneously speaking Italian?
What kind of an erection does a necrophiliac get?
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
what do you call a rock group with no bassist, drummer, singer or guitarist?
Why is Jewish apple cake Jewish?
What do you call two midgets giving each other oral sex?
If you screwed up something in a science lab, who do you tell?
What Did The Egg Say To the Boiling Water?
Remember when you used to blow bubbles as a kid?
What do you get when you drop a Piano on an army base?
I’ve often wondered, how do devout Christians handle being raped?
You know how Hitler picked up hot Jewish girls?
What do you call a pall bearer in Oklahoma?
How did the angel get on top of the christmas tree?
What's a lumberjacks favorite animal?
A man dies in the desert next to a rock. How did he die?
Did you hear about the teenager who got his arm pulled off?
Why will the next IPhones be the hottest best selling phones?
Did you hear that France changed their flag?
What did the old Frankish barbarians say to the Roman invasion?
Why did the guy gay go to prison?
What would you do if someone is choking?
How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a liver transplant?
What's the definition of a will?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What's the difference between Whitney Houston and a black widow?
Why did the hipster burn their tongue?
Why are gays never really supressed?
What do the Green Bay Packers and Monica Lewinsky have in common?
What did Oscar Pistorius say when his cellmate asked him how he ended up in prison?
Why did the woman miss the spaghetti train?
Did you hear about the window installer with two penises?
What does your mom and my fantasy football team have in common?
What do old cars and dead chickens have in common?
Who is the most musical Canadian heroine?
How do you get an emo out of a tree?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth?
What did the angry Indian man say at the bakery?
What do you call a lonely orator?
Why do I have to say please when I ask for a sandwich at a restaurant?
whats the difference between a woman and a computer ?
What do asian cannibals eat?
What does a blonde woman is doing with her ear bonded to the wall ?
What do you call Batman when he leaves church early?
What do you call an Asian getting mugged?
Why did the stair railing give money to Beethoven?
why did the chicken cross the road?
Whats the difference between a mosquito and a hooker?
What's Vatican City's national animal?
Why didn't the rock make it to work today?
What has 10 letters and starts with gas?
What's the difference between a slut and a bitch?
What do you call a bovine beauty pageant winner?
Why is Microsoft coming out with a windows 10 instead of 9?
How was copper wire invented?
What joke has sebadoh for a punch line?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
What's the difference between my ex girlfriend and ebola?
Did you hear about the communist nymphomaniac?
Where do noobs live in Iceland?
Why did the football go to the bank?
What do you call a cow with 3 legs?
What has 3 thumbs and was born near a nuclear power plant?
Black Testicles?
What do you call 5 black people having sex in the 1800's?
How do you measure the molar mass of guacamole?
Why did the Soviet union fail?
Did you hear about the outbreak of Urinary Tract Infections at the University of Texas?
What sex position produces the ugliest offspring?
What do you call a pair of snakeskin trousers?
What is it called when a turtle is mentally retarded?
What did they call Hitler after he lost his hair?
What do you call a 5'10" fortune teller parked in the middle of a divided highway?
Why were all of the other fish calling the shark gay?
Did you hear about the man who was to amputate a foot?
What does a cannibal drink for breakfast?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What did one Jew say to the other Jew?
Has anyone seen the trailer for the latest Tom Cruise movie?
Did you hear Kony is raising up another army?
What do you call and autistic child caught in a house fire?
How do bunny rabbits like their beer brewed?
You hear about these new trains that can burn any organic matter for fuel?
How many Viet Nam vets does it take to change a light bulb?
What's 6.9?
What did the farmer say when he couldn't find his tractor?
Why can't Nietzsche use pencils?
Why Did the Ebola Patient Cross the Road?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How do you separate Greek men from Greek boys?
Why was the gangster sick after going to west Africa?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
Where do people with Ebola go when they die?
Why do the Lannisters have such big beds?
What kind of pants does Mario wear?
What's brown and sticky?
Have you heard about the tragedy of Canada?
What do you call a 5' 2" fortune teller that has escaped from prison?
(All credit goes to my 4 year old niece) How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
What kind of alcohol gets stuck in your head for days?
What is worse than 7 babies nailed to a tree?
Why is Rosie O'Donell fat?
What's brown and sounds like a bell?
Why do they eat snails in France?
What do you call a conversation with your professor when you are blown?
What was the name of the lumberjack in Al-Quaida?
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb?
How is a teacher like a hooker?
Has anyone seen the new Ebola video ?
Why could Frankenstein's Monster not have children?
What do you call an innovation in scissors?
What did the sophisticated cow say in response to another cow's joke?
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball?
Why don't chickens wear pants?
How do you build a flea circus?
What does a farmer do at a strip club?
What do vegan cannibals eat?
What was Thriller really about?
(SPOILERS) Guess what show I did NOT want to watch after the latest Walking Dead?
What are your go to jokes?
Did you know that Lorena Bobbit was originally from Russia?
How many accident-prone people does it take to change a lightbulb?
How can you tell when a Software Developer is an extrovert ?
What was Arnold Schwarzenegger's answer when asked which historical person he would like to play in a movie?
You've probably heard of Davy Jones' locker, but do you know who Davy Jones is?
What do hillbillys do on Halloween?
Why was the broom late?
How do you make two Oboists play in tune with one another?
Why was Pluto's child unexpected?
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion?
What did the fresh egg say to the boiling pot of water?
What's the worst thing about banging a girl with a cold heart?
What do you do if you step on a landmine?
What business are you in?
You know whats sad?
Ever been to the restaurant owned by the fundamentalist church?
Have you heard the joke about Ebola yet?
Where is the best place to vacation for Halloween?
The difference between sex and pumpkin carving?
How many Germans does it take to screw in a Lightbulb?
What does a Polish bride get on her wedding night that's long and hard?
Why is Iron Man Italian?
What did the french chef say when the cheese factory exploded?
Why did the man throw duck food at Nurse Jackie?
What's Michael Jackson's favorite thing about twenty-eight year olds?
What do you call a french soul singer?
Did you hear what they named the plane that carried nurse #1 to Maryland?
Why are men smarter than women?
What do you call it when strippers hold a fundraiser for the tattooing arts?
What are the sexiest farm animals?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
Why do Russians like pho so much?
Why did the scarecrow get promoted?
Why do soviet policemen travel in groups of three?
What is the square root of 69?
What are ducks' favorite drug?
What's the difference between a pedant and a sadist?
Why did the agnostic receive a lighter sentence?
Oh, Obama's credit card was declined?
What's the difference between you and a calendar?
What did the West African boy eat for breakfast?
Was my French teacher into golden showers?
why did they bury liberace face down?
How do skateboarders see?
What is the strictest part of a ship?
What do you call an 80s band comrpising of only fruit?
Why did the ghosts haunt the bar?
What does it sound like when a pterodactyl uses the bathroom?
Did you hear about the man who died at the spaghetti factory?
How can you tell if a package is gay?
Why didn't Steven jobs get treated for cancer?
What is cat's favourite tea?
Does anyone want to buy a broken yo-yo?
Why did the chicken commit suicide?
How did the girlfriend satisfy her secretly gay boyfriend?
What would Abraham Lincoln say if he found out there was a movie about him slaying vampires?
What's a pedophile's favorite musical score?
Why did Hitler's Bed'n Breakfast fail?
You wanna know how slow iOS 8 runs on my iPhone 4s?
What happens when a vampire drinks too much?
What is a Muslim's Favorite Dinosaur???
Why did you laugh?
Did you hear there was a stick up on the bridge?
Will you have sex with me for a million dollars?
What's the worst thing about 90's kids?
Why did the pigeon hate the crow?
Did you hear about the man who drank bug spray?
What do white girls and web developers have in common?
What did the dyslexic Satanist do?
What do you call sex with a black person?
What's a horny pirate's worst nightmare?
What's the difference between an Irishman and a bottle of whiskey?
What is the difference between a laddie and a lady?
What is the difference between a Pro-life girl and a Pro-choice girl?
What is Jamaican Pikachu's favorite dance?
What's the difference between Italian and Polish sausage?
Why did the psych ward escapee never get married?
What is it a volcano has which gives him trouble erupting?
What do you call a man who supports women's sports?
Is Kevin Bacon popular on Reddit?
What do you call a chronic masturbaiter in Turkey?
Have you heard about the calculus professor who tried some bad amphetamines and ended up believing he was a moth?
Did you hear about the guy with the invisible dick?
What's the difference between a Canadian woman and a moose?
Why did the Jew prefer to sleep in the dark?
What's the best thing about fucking a transsexual?
Why was the pianist arrested?
What does Michael Jackson and Santa Clause have in common?
What do you call the hair between your grandmas boobs?
What's red and has 7 dents?
What's the difference between fish and meat?
What do you do to a dog that doesn't obey your commands?
What did one tampon say to the other?
What time does Sean Connery show up at Wimbledon every year?
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef. What do you call a cow with three legs? Lean beef. What do you call a cow with 2 legs?
What is Hitler's favorite letter in the alphabet?
What gets a gold digger off?
What kind of native American is Nikki Minaj?
What would you call Jack Black and Jack White's kid?
Where did the one legged waitress work?
Why was the lazy-eyed man a horrible teacher?
Why does Batman wear a mask?
What is Superman when he removes his suit?
What did the wise man say to the fat guy?
What do plums and bunnies have in common?
Who is the hardest person to find in hide and seek?
What do you call a Scottsman with a sniper rifle?
When does it rain money?
How are babies and strippers alike?
What does a lonely Sean Connery building IKEA products say?
What do you call a sick bird of prey that enters the country without permission?
Clean - What do you do if you see a spaceman?
What's the quickest way to make nine million dollars?
What comes after Ebola?
What are the odds of a chronic gambler ever calling the addiction-helpline?
What cell phone service do Stormtroopers use?
What do you get if you group 8 sodium atoms together?
What did the New Yorker order from the Liberian waitress?
What is H.P. Lovecraft's cook book called?
Why did the walrus go to the tupperware party?
what kind of knife is used to perform female circumcision?
What's black and white and red all over and can't get through a revolving door?
Who lives there?
What do you call a frenchman in the World Cup Final?
Where do pirates go after they are thrown out of Kansas?
What is the definition of torque?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
Why did the Amish girl get kicked out of the community?
What is the media of choice for the mallard?
Why did the baker have brown hands?
How do you know if someone is a vegan?
Why was the Jew afraid to eat the pizza?
What's the difference between you and mallard with a cold?
Is it a blow job or a blowjob?
Why do people like office parties AND this joke?
Where does a tugboat go when it feels sick?
Was Billy Idol?
There are 5 flies in the kitchen, which one is the cowboy?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Did you her about the boy that was born without any eyelids?
Do you know what moth balls smell like?
What do you do with a dead chemist?
did you hear about the guy with five penises?
What's the difference between Rob Ford and a circus sideshow freak?
Did you hear about the King who got killed during a torrential downpour, and his only heirs were pets?
What do you call two beer drinkers arguing about sea turtles?
Did you hear about the lumberjack who was looking oking for help?
What do you call a woman in Thailand?
Why's the camel considered the submarine of the desert?
What made Gandalf spend most of his time in the Shire at brothels?
What food is given to ebola patients?
What do you call something that protects your fucking cock during sex?
Why are camels called the ships of the desert?
How many stones does it take to kill 3 birds?
Why did Microsoft name their new operating system Windows 10?
What do you do if your girlfriend starts smoking?
What does the skeleton say when ganking bot lane?
What greek letter is always sad?
Women, eh?
How Many Friend Zoned Men Does It Take To Screw In A Lightbulb?
Why did they have to put Michael Jackson down?
How much lube do you need for anal?
Did you hear about the crazy Mexican train thief?
What's the worst thing about being a black jew?
How do you know if someone has run a marathon?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
How many letters can you wear on your feet?
What do you call an IT teacher who touches up his students?
Why are there no Walmarts in Iraq?
How do you catch a unique rabbit?
Why did the monks go to the casino?
What did the guy say after he finished jacking off?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
How does Hitler tie his shoes?
Who lives in a hut with a couple pieces of trash and two grains of rice?
What do you give a teenage girl who can't even?
Why did the turtle cross the road?
How does a women make you a millionaire?
How do you kill 15 flies at once?
What does a Jew with an erection get when he walks into a wall?
Did you hear about the Leper going for the masturbation world record?
Wanna hear a joke about Alzheimer's?
In honor of The Walking Dead returning, What do zombie cows crave?
What is the best stand-up routine of our time?
Why didn't the scarecrow want dessert?
What do Ebola patients eat?
What do you call a blind deer?
Why can't you keep Jews in jail?
Did you hear about the anxious gynaecologist?
What's the difference between a zombie and a redneck?
Did you hear the one about the shrimp throwing a fit?
What happens when you have sex with a cow and no one catches you?
What do you call a carnivore get-together?
What's the difference between a priest and acne?
What does the perverted frog say?
What type of condoms does Ronald McDonald use?
Why couldn't the life guard save the hippy?
How many dead babies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom?
How do Christians eat their icecream?
How do you spell Canada?
What does a zombie conductor say?
Did you hear about the patriotic zombie who wanted to serve his country?
What do you call smutty pictures of birds?
What's the the key to telling an ISIS joke?
what did the pirate do after his parrot bit off his genitals?
What was the bear's favourite pick-up line?
Who's got two thumbs and dissociative identity disorder?
What did the noble gas sound like when he laughed?
What kind of degrees do slaves get in college?
What do you call a gay guy paralyzed from the neck down?
What did the romaine say to the spinach before they started to eat?
What's my favorite pirate workout and cereal?
What's the difference between a School and an ISIS training ground?
What did they call Ebola before the Internet?
Why did Saul want to kill Christians?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
What do you get when you put human DNA into a donkey?
What the worst part about pulling a hair clump from the drain of the apartment you just moved into?
What was Charles Dickens' favourite experimental pop album?
What is a mortician's favorite side dish?
Why does the mermaid wear seashells?
Que es eso?
What do lawyers wear to court?
What do you call immigrants to Sweden?
Why can't random men check random women's breasts for cancel?
What do you call it when a golfer misses the hole?
What do you call a Russian ninja?
Why don't ghosts play sports?
Where do animals go when they lose their tails?
[Meta] With lightbulb lifetimes increasing with no obvious limit, will "how many ___ does it take to change a lightbulb" jokes speak to coming generations?
did you hear about the Indian restaurant that ran out of bread?
What do you call an orthodox jew that is prone to heartburn?
What is a tampon's favorite food?
What did the kid with no arms and no legs get for Christmas?
What is your favorite change a lightbulb joke?
Who makes more money, a prostitute or a crack dealer?
Since we're doing electrician jokes......... Q: What's the difference between God and an electrician?
How are ninjas and soft core porn alike?
What do you call an Asian guy with a great work ethic?
What's worse than ants in your pants?
Where do baby soy beans come from?
Q: What is your least favorite force of nature?
What does a blonde do first thing in the morning?
How much does Nicki Minaj sell security devices for?
How did Sarah Palin see Russia from her house?
Did you hear about the carnival fires?
What did one gay man say to the other gay man in the gay bar?
How do you tell the difference between an electrician and an electrical engineer?
How do Japanese people refer to American politicians?
Why did Sally fall down the hill?
How do you know a soprano is at the door?
What is, aside from being rubber, the similarity between an old car tire and 365 used condoms?
Why did Helen Keller play the piano with one hand?
What does the L in Samuel L Jackson stand for?
Are you the date?
Why is six afraid lf seven?
What did the Buffalo say to his son that was leaving for College?
What is the difference between a crackhead and a walrus?
Why can't Helen Keller use an iPhone?
How did the Hulk's mind blow?
What did Davy Crockett say when he looked over The Alamo wall and saw 5,000 Mexican Soldiers?
What did the moon say to the window?
Are you today's date?
What kind of car does a Japanese chef drive?
Why does a chicken coupe only have two doors?
Are you today's date?
what sex position makes an ugly baby???
What do you call a gay geologist?
What's the difference between a women's track team and a group of midgets playing chess?
What do you call a blond standing on her head?
What do you call a joke without a punchline?
what's the difference between a cross-eyed hunter and a constipated owl?
Why did they kick Raggedy Anne out of the toybox?
Did you hear about the fire at the circus?
What's the difference between a psychotic mental patient and a man with a bible in his hand?
Why are neutralization reations illegal?
What does Sean Connery wear to avoid the paparazzi?
What do you call a Russian road with a KFC and lots of prostitutes?
What do you call a Rastafarian Irishman?
Do you know why Jesus doesn't eat M&M's?
why did helen keller masturbate with one hand?
What is Forrest Gump's computer password?
What goes; green-red-green-red-green-red-green-red?
What do you call a street full of cheap hookers and a McDonald's?
Why was Hitler a pussy?
So... Do you like dragons?
Did you hear the one about the Rabbi who performed circumcisions?
How do you confuse Hellen Keller?
What do people from West Virginia do on Halloween?
What was the slutty nurse looking for in October?
what do you call fake spaghetti?
What's red and is bad for your teeth?
What's the most dangerous weapon your wife can get her hands on?
Did you hear about the gay german?
What do a Chinese tourist who got run over by a bus and a lobster have in common?
Did you know how they found out that Dale Earnheart had dandruff?
Anyone else here able to spell "condescending narcissist" correctly on the first try?
How do you fit 20 Cubans in a shoebox?
What do you call titty fucking underwater?
Why did the little girl fall off the swing?
Why does 7 have an odd sense of humor?
Whats the difference between a prostitute with chronic diarrhea and an epileptic oyster fisherman?
Has anyone woken up Green Day yet?
What's the difference between terrorists and tourists?
What is a goat's favourite form of comedy?
Why did everyone think the pie was gay?
Why was Han Solo dissapointed in his Blow Job from Princess Leia?
What do you call an agreeable neighbor?
What's big and green and sits in the corner?
What's red and goes up and down?
How can you tell if a mechanic went home for lunch?
How do you find a blind man in a nudist colony?
What did Rouge say just before murdering Crimison?
How many Christians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Knock knock. Who's there? To. To who?
Did you hear about the kid that became a paraplegic?
What do Dale Earnhardt and Pink Floyd have in common?
Why did the ebo(l)la patient yell?
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb?
Where does light go when it is convicted of a crime?
Why did the dolphin commit suicide?
What do you call a masturbating cow?
Did you hear about the Egyptian boatman who refused to believe his craft was sinking?
Did you hear about the man that flashed three nuns?
What's the best way to organize your cakes, muffins, and hamburger buns?
What key opens a banana?
What's the difference between a feminist and an archangel that dislikes Biblical prophets?
What do you call a fat guy who jumps around buildings?
What nipple did the UFO crash land on?
What was Jean-Paul Sartre's favorite art form?
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What are your best Sports Team jokes?
What do you call a man with a rubber toe?
How does Anthony Weiner like his meat?
What's the difference between a cook and a homo?
how can you tell if you have amnesia?
I'm half-French and half-American, but I know my heart is American, do you know why?
How do Batman's parents call him to dinner?
What's one thing that a beautiful woman and a jar of peanut butter have in common?
What do you call a pile of cats?
How do you make holy water?
What do you call a pachyderm that has nothing to do with the situation?
What's the difference between refrigerators and gay people?
What do you call a cow that doesn't produce milk?
What did the IT guy say to his wife after she complained about their love life?
What do you call a cow who is also a knight?
What are parents that you can see through?
What's the most efficient way to break up with someone?
How does Jesus like his meat?
Guido Mastrobatatti died when he hurt his arm? How?
How can you tell when you're in a bad strip club?
Whats the last letter in the alphabet?
What do these jokes and a ghost have in common?
How many french men does it take to conquer Paris?
What happens when you go to the bathroom scared?
What body part grows 10 times it's size when stimulated?
Why are lazy farmers so great?
How many Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
You know what sucks?
How many redditors does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Did you hear about the terrorist on the talent show!?
What's the difference between Iron Man and Iron Woman?
What do you call a slutty potato chip?
What's the difference between Geno Smith and a porn star?
Why did the zombie move into a studio apartment?
What did one saggy boob say to the other?
The sub became horrible since it became default...anyone know of a better jokes sub similar to how this sub was pre-default?
What did the French guy say when he forgot to tell his driver to turn left?
What did the Bacon say to the Tomato?
What do you say if your peeing in Ireland and spot a leprechaun?
What did "O" said to "Q"?
What do you call a pig behind a car wheel?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
Why should we call Indians Native Americans?
What do you call an apology written using dots and dashes?
How are dildos and tofu alike?
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon?
What do you get when you cross France and Britain?
How Many Dragonball Z Characters Does it Take to Screw in a Light-bulb?
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What does a 12 year old redneck girl say when she loses her virginity?
How do you make a dead baby float?
were do animals go when their tails fall off?
How does a redhead shave his pubes?
How do you describe people who tell "I see dead people" jokes?
What do Jews and Snorlax have in common?
What do women and autistic people have in common?
What do Derek Jeter and girls' asses have in common?
What do women and pennies have in common?
What tastes great on pie but bad on pussy?
What Did The Hard Drive Get When It Wanted Data But Didn't Have The Resources?
How does Moses make Coffee?
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple?
What's a jewish man's favourite song?
What does Patrick Stewart say during tantric sex?
Why did the hipster burn his tung?
Death or Boogaloo”?
What did one tectonic plate say to the other after the earthquake?
What did one ISIS member say to another?
How many Duggars does it take to screw a planet?
What's a transvestite's favorite candy?
Why is the new OS from Microsoft called Windows 10?
What is something that you never forget on a field trip?
Did you hear about Dictionary: The Musical?
What to brussel sprouts and anal sex have in common?
How can you tell if you're being persecuted by agnostics?
Why was Mr. Strawberry sad?
What do a tuna, a piano, and a pot of glue have in common?
What's the difference between Lance Armstrong and Adolf Hitler?
What do you call a prostitute's vagina?
How do deaf mathematicians communicate?
Know how the iPhone 6+ was invented by men?
What's the best thing about North Korea?
What is the fluid capacity of Monica Lewinsky's mouth?
What is the difference between a polar bear and the World Series?
What does a fisherman say when he catches a fish?
What's green and smells like bacon?
Why does the spanish dude keep walking left?
Why did the lemon go sour?
What drug is most destructive with phones?
If women are people, why are they so stupid?
What did the left ass cheek say to the right ass cheek?
How did the Scottish man find the sheep in the tall grass?
Why will you never starve at the beach?
Did you hear they discovered a soda cavemen drank?
You hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac?
Why do I hear noises?
Why am I still hearing noises from the class?
What's the difference between a horse and a zebra?
How did Moses part the Red Sea?
What did the 3D Vector say after making a bad joke?
What's white and kills you if it gets in your eye?
What did Michael Jackson almost name his daughter?
Why can't you tell secrets in a corn field?
What did one Muslim say to another in a supermarket?
What's the difference between a brothel and a circus?
What do you call a person with short-term memory loss?
Why was the pianist arrested?
Did you fall from Haven?
Today is national Radio day. Do you copy?
How do you get a homosexual man to have sex with a woman?
What do you call gay paraplegics?
What's the difference between bird flu and swine flu?
Why are aroused campers so extreme?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
Why do hunters close one eye when they aim?
Fred has 3 red balls and 5 blue balls in a bag. How many balls does Fred have?
What is Shakespeare's favourite snack?
Can Feburary March?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Why don't gay guys go to lesbian bars?
do all girls make poopy?
What do you call it when 4 giraffes collide?
Why does the speech impaired baker say he got fired?
Did you hear about that cheese factory that exploded in France??
How do we know Jesus turned water into wine at parties?
What did the one eyed thief, with a hook for a hand, call the elven princess?
How long did it take the fish to go to the store?
Why didn't the sailors play cards on the deck?
Why does homemade bread not make your throat itch?
Why do lesbians shop at sports authority?
Why did the blonde girlfriend's bellybutton hurt?
What does a Middle-Eastern person eat for breakfast?
Why are crosses not in fashion?
What did the Calvinist say after he fell down the stairs?
What's the difference between a walrus and a vagina?
What do you call a pile of cats?
What Time Is It?
What do iPhones eat for breakfast?
What's Dracula's favorite beer?
What do you call a guy from China who is confused?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
What is the dirtiest day of the week?
What's the name of that movie about the war horse?
Why is a woman lie a hurricane?
Hey, did you hear about the kidnapping?
What did batman tell robin before they got in the car?
What does a food lover do when they try a new food?
What do you call it when you drown a baby in soda?
what would Arnold Schwarzenegger say if he was a member of Al Qaeda?
How Many Kids With A.D.D Does It Take To Screw In A Lightbulb?
Do you like Asian Diplomacy jokes?
What is better than coming second in the Special Olympics?
If storks bring babies, what kind of bird doesn't bring any babies?
Why do bees stay in their hive during Winter?
What is white and square?
How many midgets does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine?
What do you call a fly that literally can't even?
What does a psychologist wear to bed?
What do you do to an Islamic dog that barks too much?
What does a barista wear?
You know the difference between Catholics and Baptists?
What does one lesbian pirate say to another lesbian pirate?
Why did the cat fall into the well?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How do NASA organize a party?
Why did the blonde have lipstick all over her steering wheel?
Do you want to know where the best place to buy drugs is?
Why did the dead baby cross the road?
What do you call a flea on the moon?
What were Julia Pierson's qualifications to run the Secret Service, other than the fact that she is fat, ugly and female?
Why did the hobbit go vegan?
What do you call a mexican with no legs?
What did one snowman say to the other?
Why do African casinos always go out of business?
How many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Did you know Princess Di had dandruff?
Have you guys heard of the movie constipation?
Do you know what the difference between pink and purple is?
Why do Canadians do it doggy style?
What's green and smells like bacon?
Why can't black people be virgins?
Where did the "what's updog?" joke come from?
How can you tell if lunch meat is from West Virginia?
Ebola is in Dallas?
Why did Microsoft skip from Windows 8 to 10?
Easy way to earn karma points on /r/jokes?
What's the difference between a fruit and a vegetable?
Why do Europeans hate American food?
What do you call batman when he misses church?
Did you hear the one about the guy who got two tickets to the Cuckold Convention?
Why did the amoeba flunk the math test?
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
How much do dirty deeds cost again?
Why has Mexico never won olympic gold?
How did the mathematician get rid of his constipation?
Want to hear a joke about a man suffering from constipation?
Do you know The perfect system to avoid condom accident ?
Guy: Can I buy you a drink?
What has 9 arms and sucks?
What do you call a professional skittles player on the internet with a life-threatening disease?
Why is the next Windows version 10?
What's the Italian version of Preparation-H?
Why did the man with a stammer never get out of jail?
What do you call a color that doesn't exist?
What did Dr. Frankenstein say when his monster showed up for the ball?
Do scientists know how Ebola effects white people yet?
What's your best math/science pick up line?
What did Abe Lincoln say when he was arrested?
Can someone please wake up Billie Joe Armstrong?
What do you call a laughing mayonnaise?
Why is the new version called Windows 10?
What do you call a know-it-all Mexican?
How many college guys does it take to screw in a light bulb?
So why is the latest Windows OS called 10?
Why don't native Americans like snow?
What's black and white and goes on eight wheels?
Why did Microsoft skip to Windows 10?
Why did Adrian Peterson sign with the Minnesota Twins?
What Operating System does a Redditor use?
You know why people insisted on calling the Higgs Boson for "the God particle"?
Why is there no Windows 9?
Why did Microsoft jump from Windows 8 to Windows 10?
What is the fastest cake in the world?
Why is #Windows10 releasing before nine?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
What do you can a pessimistic antelope?
What do you get when you cross a lima bean with a Soviet?
What does an 80 yr old lady have between her tits that an 18 yr old woman doesn't have?
What was eating away at the computer's RAM storage?
Pawdon me, but would anyone like to hear some dog jokes?
[OC] Hey, Reddit. Wanna hear a joke about a defective condom?
Why is it called the 3/5 compromise?
What color does your skin turn when you pour molten gold onto it?
What's the difference between a black man and batman?
What is the name of your Russian coworker you see the next day?
What do you call a Batman that skips church?
Do you know what the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean is?
In what direction do five gay guys walk?
Wanna hear a joke about potassium?
Why did Jesus go to a Candy shop?
What's worst than a dead baby in a trash can?
Mom, why am I black?
Why did Anakin Skywalker cross the road?
Why can you not hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom?
Is that a tongue ring?
Why were there no black people in the Flintstones?
Why was the little mountain dying?
What kind of woman are the most irrational?
Whats the difference between a zombie and baby?
Are you saying that if I shoot you with a pistol, you won't get hurt?
[Bad joke] How does a Marine like his eggs?
What did Hitler smoke?
What's the difference between a dead prostitute and a Ferrari?
What is the tastiest liquid in a fruit?
[warning: Dad joke] What country has the most internet crimes?
Hey, want to play the rape game?
What is green and slimy and smells like bacon?
Why did the koala fall out of the tree?
Why do Computer Scientists always mix up Halloween and Christmas?
[OC] What do you call a Latino on a bike?
Why can't the bicycle stand on its own?
Why are there only 49 Miss Black America contestants?
How do you tell the difference between a plumber and a chemist?
Are you feeling sluggish and tired? Constantly yawning throughout your day?
What's ET short for...?
Why do so many lunatics have ear infections?
What did Tony Abbott (Prime minister of Australia) do with the half-eaten banana?
Did you hear about the barefoot bridegroom?
How many hippies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Are humans closer to the size of an atom or the Earth?
What kind of soup do men have after sex?
How do you get a baby into a shoebox?
What do you get when you cross an insomniac with an agnostic and a dyslexic?
Did you hear Donald Sterling is having a child?
What do you call your disabled study-buddy?
Want to hear a joke about black people?
Did you hear about the Chinese guy who sued his wife for giving him ugly children?
How do you make an epileptic dance?
What's worse than ants in your pants?
What time do philosophers like to visit the shopping mall?
What's the main problem with Wookie steaks?
Why doesn't Santa have any children?
What do Yoko Ono and African children have in common?
What is a 6.9?
Why did the thalidomide man get stopped going through customs?
Did you guys hear about the fight in the bathroom?
Why is the all-seeing eye the symbol of the occult?
Which gospel contains Jesus' parable about the shades of numbers?
Why is Oedipus against profanity?
Did you hear the score of the Germany Vs Ethiopia game?
What do you call a kitten crying on the grass in the back yard?
A skink and a skunk had a baby what did they call it?
Do you know what one ocean said to the other ocean?
Why doesn't the postal worker's wife have sex with him on his day off?
What do you call it when an amputee does Karate?
How was the Grand Canyon created?
Why did the dick go to 7-11?
What do you get when you mix human DNA with zebra DNA?
What do you say to your sister when she's crying?
What do Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth?
Where can i learn the skyrim dovah language and daedric too?
Which is an Islamic trait?
What is the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps?
Ever had a yellow snowcone?
What is jon snow's favourite slang?
What do you call a Spanish soccer player with no legs?
What is the difference between Spiderman and Superman?
Why does sweden have so many somalis?
How bacteria stay in contact while they're in jail?
How can you tell if your "designer clothes" are made in China?
Which purse runs from the law?
You know what's messed up to find at the bottom of a jar of mayonnaise?
Have you ever played AD Soraka?
If you take the D out of Devil what do you get?
A joke that fell flat in my local subreddit. Is it really that awful?
What do you do if you are driving your car in central Manhattan and you see a space man?
How did little Hitler tie his shoes?
What do you call a cop who doesn't shoot innocent black people?
Why is Man Utd's chemistry lacking?
why did the bird-shit did not fall on the man standing under the tree right under the parrot?
How did Kanye West ask Kim Kardashian to marry him ??
How did Hitler like his orange juice?
What do a common garbage can and Leonardo DiCaprio have in common?
What's black and runny?
How do polish people show gratitude?
Have you seen the movie Constipated?
Why do women shit?
What would you call an EDM producer on a flagpole?
What do I get when u heat up sour cream?
Why do they make condoms with ribs?
What do a redneck divorce and a burning meth lab have in common?
What do you call a masturbating cow?
What is a jew's favourite bread?
My uncle knew the exact moment when he was going to die, down to the last second. Isn't that amazing?
What do you call the reasoning behind mexican murderers?
Did you hear the one about Stevie Wonder?
How do you spot a blind man at a nude beach?
How do you kill a one legged Fox?
How do you make a hormone?
How do you call people that are always squinting at you?
What is a chiropractor's favorite chemical element?
What's the difference between a rooster and a prostitute?
Did you see the frog perform in the opera last night?
Can a guy with no eyebrows look surprised?
Q. How do you make a dead baby float?
How do you poison a hipster?
What did the collard green do when his favorite song came on the radio?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
What did Japan say when it heard the US had an atomic bomb?
What do you call Keanu Reeves when he served under Hitler?
Wanna hear a Joke?
Did you hear about the new mobile dating app for pedophiles?
Did you hear about the angry pancake!?
Why did the crowd watch the man futily attempt to blend oil and water for hours on end?
What was Roe v. Wade really about?
What is the difference between jelly and jam?
What do you call five black people having sex?
What's the best part about living in Switzerland?
What's the difference between love and herpes?
What do you call someone who sings about mints?
What do you get if you cross history and a cow?
Which space on a Battleship grid guarantees victory?
What does a tornado and a redneck divorce have in common?
Two Scottish cows in a field, what one is on holiday?
what version of Windows does Jesus use?
What do you call a white duck?
Why do blondes have more fun?
What's the difference between an old bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
Whats the difference between Jesus and a painting of Jesus?
How long does it take Putin to give his car an oil change?
Why did jesus take 3 days to resurrect?
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?
What's the difference between the Foo Fighters and Nickleback?
Have you heard about all the decapitations happening in the Middle East right now?
How do mathematicians cure constipation?
Three men walk into a bar, what's missing?
Have you heard about the new IPhone 6?
What's 6" long, bent to the left, and in the front of my pants??
Have you heard about the pussy that opens beer bottles?
What do you call an Irishman sitting on your veranda?
Why did the trout go to med school?
What happened to the Pope when he went to mount Olive?
Why did the elephant paint his balls green?
Ever had sex while camping?
What STD does a hip black man get?
What's the difference between a nuclear reactor and a woman?
How many cops does it take to push a black guy down the stairs?
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why did Helen Keller's dog kill itself?
The difference between an European that feels fat and an American that feels the same?
What do you call a computer that only plays sad songs?
What did Abraham Lincoln say after a three-day drinking spree?
What do you call an illegitimate fish who crapped itself?
What's the second fastest thing in the world? Your butthole closing up after a poop. What's the first fastest thing in the world?
Why did the Rabbi stop buying beer?
In Summertime, wow do you tell the difference between an American-born Arab and a Middle Eastern-born Arab?
Why do soccer players not play in the rain?
What do you use to check your cell from across the room?
Did you hear about the Nirvana tribute act?
Glass coffins - will they catch on?
What is the worst kind of vegetable to run a country?
How do you keep a blonde waiting?
Why did the terrorist's post make it to the front page of reddit?
What do you call a Dr. that shares your medical history with everyone?
What do you call a cheap cicumsicion?
How do you piss off thousands of people on the internet all at once?
What do you get when you cross a penis and a potato?
What's the difference between a vacuum cleaner and a Harley Davidson?
What do you call a floating penis?
What do Vikings call the people that cut their hair?
Have you heard about the new wine from Israel?
Why do Zelda and Link smoke weed?
What separates the men from the boys?
What Do You Call a Terrible German Hot-dog Stand Owner?
One for the scientists of Reddit: What does a posh duck say?
How many black people does it take to start a riot?
Why did the jewish boy's ghost costume only have one eye hole?
Did you hear about the woman who gave birth in her 50's?
What do you call nuts on the wall?
What's the difference between Jesus and Sasha Grey?
How do you make a pheromone?
Who do fish listen to when they want to hear some dubstep?
What's Hitler's favorite video game?
Did you hear about the circus fire?
How many tickles does it take for an octopus to laugh?
How does Moses make tea?
What does one tectonics plate say to another after an earthquake?
If you wore corduroy to a job interview, what kind of an impression would you leave?
What do you call a tree if you don't know what kind of tree it is?
How do you know who in the room is a vegetarian?
What does a drama student do while stuck in math class?
What do you call five Mexicans on the bottom of a pool?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish person?
What did the elephant say to the naked man?
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
What is ISIS's favorite type of text?
What happened when the cow jumped over the barbed wire fence?
What do you call a zoo that only has one dog?
Why did Al Gore get nipple rings?
What will be after homo sapiens in evolution?
What do you call a group of rabbits, standing single file, hopping backwards?
Why do circumcised men lack Jedi brethren?
Who's the artist you find in the supermarket?
What did the fish say when it ran into a wall?
What do you call a flannel cat?
What do lesbians in Alaska sing?
Imagine yourself, you just woke-up on the street without pants & underwear, with sperm dripping from your derrière, would you tell anyone?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
What is the difference between my dick and my life?
Why can't witches get pregnant?
How do black people get tans at the beach?
What do you call a legless man at the beach during high tide?
What's the difference between a clever child and a rude marathoner?
Why did the baby cross the road?
What is Jasmine Tridevil's (girl with 3 boobs), favorite type of cake?
Did you hear about the court ruling on the grammar Nazi who did the double-murder?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
What do you call Mike Tyson without any arms?
What do you call an army tow-truck?
What shakes at the bottom of the ocean?
Why did the picture plead innocent at the trial?
What do you call a bee that was born in the USA?
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
Have you ever gotten shampoo in your mouth while singing in the shower?
How did the astrologer cross the road?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
How can you tell if a lesbian is butch?
Why do all kids with down syndrome look like they came from the same father?
What do you call a lesbian Dinosaur?
What do you call a fish with three eyes?
Do I have any jokes about Sodium?
What did the buffalo say when his son left for college?
Whats the worst part about Crabgrass?
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball?
What do you call a gay dinosaur?
What do a piece of tuperware and a walrus have in common?
What do you call a man with a spade in his head?
What is Superman's favorite thing to eat for breakfast?
What do you call someone who hates browsing the web with Google?
What's wrinkly and hangs out your pants?
What is it called when Batman leaves church early?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom?
Why did Jack get a restraining order?
What's the difference between Swine flu, and Bird flu?
"Does this mean that we're going to be BFFs forever?
What did one saggy boob say to the other?
What does a duck and a bicycle have in common?
What does a gay guy call a sausage fest?
wanna hear a joke about my dick?
Has anybody ever seen the Grapefruit technique video?
What do you call an actor from Alabama that is forced by contract to play a certain character in a production?
Does the obama phone ring?
Why is Halloween a crackheads' favourite holiday?
Did you hear about the magic tractor?
What's the only living organ in a corpse?
Why can't bikes stand up on their own?
What do you call a pirate's girlfriend?
Why do midgets laugh when they run?
Why did god give Women legs?
How do you turn chicken masala into chicken marsala?
What do you get when you cross a Jehovah's Witness with a Hell's Angel?
what does the chicken give you?
What do you call a watchful potato?
What did 0 say to 8?
Why do gorillas have big nostrils?
Do you know which End she was talking about?
What do you call a dog that goes through your stuff?
Did you hear about the fugitive midget psychic?
How do you keep a bunch of redditors in suspense?
Why should you only invite gas molecules to your house when they have negligible intermolecular forces between them?
What did Robin Williams do when he got to his office early?
What do you do when you're attacked by a group of clowns?
What's Alderaan's main export?
How does a mathematician deal with constipation?
Do you know what you call a nickle and a penny?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
Why does it take pirates so long to learn the alphabet?
The heart wants what it wants, y'know?
What is it called when Batman leaves church early?
Why are gay guy's houses so clean?
What's it called when Batman leaves the church early?
How much do I use my new lamp?
Q:What happens when your GF illegally downloads a movie?
Why is it so hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs?
What do you call a valley girl giving a blowjob for louis vuittons?
Did you hear the Vikings traded Adrian Peterson?
What do the French call a bad Thursday?
Did you know Captain Kirk has three ears?
What do you call a person who helps teach others to fart?
Got Change?
What's the definition of endless love?
What do you call it when alpacas with speech impediments take over Earth?
What do you call a queer redneck?
What do you do for a frog with a belly ache?
What did the disgruntled alien customer say to the store clerk?
Why aren’t there any French Restaurants in Davy Jones’ Locker?
Have you heard Adrian peterson used to play baseball?
Why was the haunted mansion self conscious?
How do scientists celebrate Pirate Day?
How much do pirates pay for piercings?
What's the difference between a wide receiver and Ray Rice's wife?
Wanna hear a pickup line?
What did the libertarian shirt say when it was thrown into the washing machine?
What did Luke Skywalker get for his 16th birthday?
The best pirate joke(in your best pirate voice): What is a pirates favorite letter?
What is a cat's favorite alcoholic beverage?
Why did the pirate with the eye patch drown?
What did the pirate say about the steering wheel in his pants?
What do gynecologists and pizza delivery drivers have in common?
What do you call the gay couple who are both named Bob?
What do fat people call the runs?
How do you make a cat go woof?
Where does a pirate keep his gold?
How would a pirate describe navigating Reddit on Talk like a Pirate Day?
What did the Pirate say on his birthday?
How do you know you're speaking with an engineer?
What do you call an Irish woman who stays out all night?
Did you see the guy who didn't have a right hand?
What's a pirates favorite place to eat?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
What do Porsche and Apple have in common?
How do pirates know that they exist?
Why do farts smell?
What's big, Scottish and depressing?
How much does a pirate pay for corn?
Did you hear Adrian Peterson is trying out for the MLB?
Why did the black chicken cross the road?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
Heard of the man who banged an ATM?
Which antivirus program does a pirate use?
Why are Pirates pirates???
Why does it take pirates so long to learn the alphabet?
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Gary Glitter?
What is the difference between Will Smith and Scotland ?
what do you call female-to-male sexual reassignment surgery?
How many Scots didn't turn up to vote?
What has 200 teeth and holds back Godzilla?
What did the hobo say to the prostitute?
What has nine arms and sucks?
What type of jeans do the Mario Brothers wear?
What do you call a poodle that serves coffee?
Why does the boy could not bend his knees?
What's the hardest thing about being a vegan crossfitter who went to Harvard?
What do a hand rolled cigarette and hippy sex have in common?
What did the recent Sunni convert says about ISIS?
What do you call Batman when he skips church?
Why is there so little Puerto Rican literature?
Why was the Human Torch arrested?
What's the difference between a snitch whose been caught and a free-spirited orphan with an Oedipus complex?
What's your favorite "I just hurt myself or messed up" phrase?
What do you call a zoo with only one dog in it?
What is an epileptics favourite food?
What do Nicki Minaj and Santa have in common?
What do you call a line of men waiting to get a hair cut?
Did you hear that Oxygen and Magnesium are dating?
Have you heard of the object without mass?
The most scientific pet?
What is 20 inches long and makes women scream at night?
Q: How do you keep a moron in suspense?
How many Jihadists does it take to change a light bulb?
What's the difference between spider man and superman?
what do you call a clan of barbarians you cant see?
Did you hear about the NASCAR driver who went the wrong way around the track?
What's Italian Alzheimer's sound like?
What is the good thing about Alzheimer's disease?
What was the pedophile's favourite drink?
What do you call two lesbians in a closet?
What did the cannibal do to his girlfriend?
Why are catholic priests so Eco-friendly?
Should I involve?
why don't blondes make good cowgirls?
Why did the train go left?
What do they say about the blind prostitute?
what's for breakfast?
Who should of gotten asphalt?
what's the difference between a woman kneeling in prayer and a woman kneeling in a bathtub?
What does a little sister ride?
What do you call a woman who thinks she can do anything a man can do?
What's a horses' favorite hip-hop dance?
Did you hear about the lesbian couple who couldn't afford a double-headed dildo?
Why isn't anyone afraid of China?
Know how I know I am getting laid tonight...?
Why did the Baker have brown hands?
Why was the fisherman wealthy and prosperous?
Why do trees shed their leaves in fall?
How did Captain Hook die?
Which chemical compound are you most likely to find at a frat party?
How do you get a fat girl into bed?
What did the alphabet have before it took a shit?
Why did Bilbo Baggins die with a Erection?
What do you call an Italian with one arm?
What did the Jew say to the homeless man?
How do you shut an Italian up?
How do you know you're talking to a sales guy?
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion?
What do you call a blonde standing on her head?
What do you call the debut of a new beer?
How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb.. ?
Is this joke racist?
What Do you Call a Bowler that drops his ball a lot?
What is a dog's favorite candy?
Did you hear about the 2 guys who stole a calendar?
What did the physicist say to the depressed hippy?
What do you call a hairpiece on an Asian guy?
Have you ever had ethiopian food?
Why aren't there any black magicians?
Why couldn't the glue hold the walls together?
Why did the dog feel insecure in her bathing suit?
How do you put a condom on a elephant?
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic?
Why was the Ancient Egyptian boy confused?
What did Jesus want when he appeared on a piece of toast?
What do you get when you take Viagra with an iron supplement?
What's orange and sounds like a parrot?
What did Tennessee?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What happened when Jesus went to mount Olive?
What did the ant say when he walked into the insurance office?
Why did Bilbo Baggins live for so long?
What do you use to make boot soup?
What's the best thing about having sex with twenty six year olds?
How do you titillate an ocelot?
Did you hear about the man from the experimental group that was arrested?
How Much Food did Soviet Ukraine Need in the Early 1930s?
Did you hear about the man who was dared to eat a spoonful of curry powder?
Why do Muslims hate Hitler?
what did cinderella do when she got to the ball?
why doesn't mexico have an olympic team?
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway?
Have you heard the joke about Whole Foods?
Who says German has no humor?
What do you call a Bull that masturbates?
Have you heard of the annual ginger meeting?
What is brown and sticky?
How did Helen Keller's parents punish her?
Did you guys here the Twins signed Adrian Peterson?
Why do nymphomaniacs like submarines?
Whats the ISIS members' astrological sign?
Junkie grandson : Grandma,grandma did you see my pills I left on the table ?
What do you call the next generation of motherboard?
Who does the Metric Cult worship?
Why did the Jedi kill his master?
Where do cars get the most flat tyres?
How can you tell if a man has a high sperm count?
why does traditional Irish chili only have 239 beans in it?
What is ISIS' favourite file type?
What's small, round, and blue?
What do you call 12 enchiladas?
Why should you buy Adrian Peterson sun screen?
Why is it dark in Skeletor's castle?
What did the Physics professor say to the fat kid in school?
What did the author of The Lord Of The Rings say after he completed his books?
House do you know termites aren't lesbians?
What do you use to wipe off a table after breakfast?
What's the smallest thing in the universe?
How many perverts does it take to put in a light bulb?
What do you have to do to have beautiful hands?
What's the difference between a cat and a comma?
Why is it so difficult to convict a redneck?
What is the flattest surface to iron your jeans on?
What are you looking for buddy?
Did you hear about the proctologists collectible Corvettes?
Did you here about the funny looking desert font?
What do you a pterodactyl that can't fly?
What's the difference between jesus and a picture of jesus?
Where do Chinese babies come from?
What do you say when a Canadian won't listen to you?
how many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
Why is Ian Thorpe gay?
Why are manhole covers round?
When is a man up and coming ?
Why did the girl fall off the swing?
What did the Atlantic say to the Pacific?
What do call a bunch of white people on a bench?
When is a car not a car?
What's the hardest part about cooking a vegetable?
What does a dyslectic, agnostic, insomniac think about at night?
Why are the corners the warmest part of every house?
What do you call a small Mexican?
Why did the Jews hate the holocaust?
What did the author say when he added a chapter about flour to a story about soup?
Why do Gnomes always laugh when the run?
How do you make an Italian plumber cry?
What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas?
What's the worst part of having a girl repeatedly calling another mans name during sex?
What is a monkeys favorite candy?
What did the Banana say to the other Banana?
What would you do with $1 Million?
What's your favorite terraria boss?
How do you circumcise a redneck?
What's brown and sounds like a bell?
Are you from Tennessee?
What's the difference between a slut and a bowling ball?
How does Batman's mother call him to dinner?
What does the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common?
Did you hear that joke Ray Rice made?
What do women and tornadoes have in common?
What television show best describes a mothers virginity?
What did the Belgian Nazis call themselves?
Excuse me -are you a psychic hooker?
How did the girl with fetal alcohol syndrome tag a picture of herself on instagram?
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom?
What did E.T.'s mother say when E.T. got home?
Why don't birds have to wear camouflage?
What's the smallest drink you can order at a bar?
What do you call a disabled man in the hood?
Whats similar between a hurricane and women?
What kind of person is sexually excited from looking at young animals?
How many light bulbs does it take to change a man?
Do deaf people have a right to a fair hearing?
How many developers does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call a Japanese Halloween Cake?
What kind of bees make milk?
What's the difference between acne and a priest?
How many hippies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call a man from Portugal?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Shouldn't russia have the mos dairy?
Why did the eunuch farmer wake up late?
What do you call it when you throw a black person in the water?
How do they educate locomotive drivers?
What did the young European communist who walked in on Karl Marx in his workroom when he was working on the Communist Manifesto say?
What do you call a trip to Spain gone horribly wrong?
What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver?
Did you hear about the terrible kidnapping?
What do black people and dividing by zero have in common?
did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
why couldn't mrs. claus get pregnant?
Why dont Muslims play Dota?
Did you hear that great joke about Schrodinger's cat?
What's the difference between a telemarketer and a man with a multiphobic personality?
Why does Saturday stink?
What did the astronaut get instead of athlete's foot?
How do you call a blond who changed her hair color to brown?
Why can't cats live on Mars ?
How does a male contraceptive pill work?
What do you call weed from Denmark?
Why didn't Barbie get pregnant?
What do Thomas Jefferson and a WNBA owner have in common?
Is my ambition to be a plumber just a pipe dream?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
Did you hear about the new British period drama?
Did you hear about the dyslexic Satanist?
Who is the favorite author of someone addicted to ecstasy?
What happens when you try to eat a fist full of rice?
How many therapists does it take to change a light bulb?
What did the emperor of Arabia do at tea time?
Do they have any car wash in Albania?
How does a poor man watch TV?
What do you call a dead blonde in a closet?
What do you say to a man with no body and no nose?
Why do black people wear flares?
What did the dog say when he bit the sandpaper?
Do you know why god created leprosy?
Why don't they teach sex-ed and drivers-Ed on the same day in the Middle East?
What is your greatest America joke?
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy?
What is the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?
Why did lieutenant Uhura smell bad?
What Do you get when you cross a kangaroo and a Sheep?
why do asians have small boobs?
What Did The Man With Leprosy Say To The Hooker?
What do you call a smelly man who tells terrible jokes?
Did you hear about that new restaurant they put on the moon?
Have you heard Julian Assange never spends more than 20 seconds in the restroom?
What's grey and comes in buckets?
What did one testicle say to the other testicle ago was aggravating him?
What punch line is sure to get upvotes no matter how many times it gets posted?
What does the Russian President enjoy having on his fries?
What do people in the South use instead of www.Ancestry.com?
What kind of rice puts you to sleep?
Did you hear about the Polish assassin that blew up cars for a living?
Anyone up for a Native American joke?
Why did the case against the great dessert robber get thrown out?
How do you know if someone has a Samsung phone without asking?
What did the hot dog vendor say at the World Trade Center?
Why didn't the motorcycle want to go for a ride?
What's the difference between Ray Rice's wife and a fish?
What's the difference between a Pakistani middle school and an Al Qaeda training ground?
Did you hear about the man with no penis?
What does a "yes man" say?
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow?
What stops your hair from falling?
Want to hear the world's best knock knock joke?
What is it?
How about an Indian joke?
Whats the difference?
Do you deliver?
Why do Jewish men get circumcised?
How many Mexicans does it take to replace a serviceable part of a complex machine?
Do you know the best part about having only one eye and bad vision?
What's worse than stubbing your toe?
What do a stoner lost in the desert and Bolivia have in common?
Did you hear about the pillow factory that blew up last week?
What the Diffrence between Chinese and Mexican food?
Why do fencers make terrible Redditors?
Whats the difference between a drug dealer and a prostitute?
Why should you stand in a corner when you are cold?
How long does it take a black woman to poo?
What shoes do Ninjas wear?
Which musician is the most generous?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
What time of day are you not able to find your watch?
I have a class about water (filtration systems, how to give everyone clean water, etc) and my teacher loves jokes. Anyone have some good water related jokes?
Why did Cinderella get kicked off the baseball team?
What takes up 12 parking spaces?
Why did the ska guitarist take twice as long to fap?
Where did Napoleon keep his armies?
Why did the contraceptive fly across the room?
What's the difference between a black man and happiness?
What do you call those things on either side of an old lady's belly button?
Will net neutrality be defeated? Is the Gangnam Style finally over? Is Tupac really alive?
What does Batman like with his whiskey?
How do you know you've found Christopher Walken's house?
What do you call a utility knife that doesn't work?
Why did the children cross the playground?
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw on a light bulb?
What's the first thing a cannibal does in the morning?
What's the difference between coriander and cumin?
What's a Mexican's favorite sport?
Heavenly gift?
why did the tomato cross the road?
Why do Ethiopian women give the best blowjobs?
How does a sailor remove a condom?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
What did the pirate tell his littler sister when she asked if she could hold his parrot?
Did you hear about the girl who was dating the Berlin Wall?
I know this may have been posted as it is fairly common, but here it is anyway: What do you call a person who had to be amputated after being attacked by an animal?
What's the difference between a cow and September 11?
How did a mom figure out her daughter had hit puberty?
What's black on top and white on the bottom?
Where do we keep our thoughts detained?
Why doesn't Switzerland make good cars?
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume?
Why did Einstein refuse to help people fix their cars?
How do you find hundreds of jokes about finding Will Smith in the snow?
What do you call a nurse with flat knees?
Why cant we interpret what frogs are saying?
Are you a Farmer?
What did the horse say when he fell down?
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the deal with my laptop?
What do you call a gay Mexican couple that just won the lottery?
What do you suppose Ray Rice's fiance' did when he got her home from knocking her out?
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday?
What does a sick bird need?
Where were the first French fries made?
Do you know the worst thing about sex?
Did you hear about the man who got his entire left side cut off?
Ray Rice's wife apologized for her part in the "incident"?!?!? That's insane. What did she fumble her purse?
Why did the baker have brown hands?
How is a Man like a Blizzard?
How many feet do 2 black chickens have?
What medication that can make people inspire you?
What's the worst part of an NFL wedding?
What Did the Sadist Do to the Masochist?
What do you call a robot with bad breath who's sister lives on its foot?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What is the most masculine profession?
What does a statistician call a defective butter substitute?
What's a hillbillies favorite holiday? Halloween.... Do you want to know why?
How do you know if a hippie was at your house?
Why did the bicycle fall down?
Did you hear about the Chinese man who was arrested for sodomizing a 9-year-old?
What do you call a couple, who are both in wheelchairs?
what did Putin say to Ukraine?
What do you calls sushi in Serbia?
What do Canadian girls have?
Why did the Japanese funeral home have to turn away new business?
How do you get an elephant across a busy freeway?
What did the blanket say to the bed?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What is it called when one punches a stripper?
What do you call the mercury mine?
What do you call a cat sitting on the edge of a cliff?
What do you call a TV reality show where a 50 year old white man is trying to get laid?
Daddy, can I have another cup of water?
What is the greatest sport in the history of the Olympics?
Why does the police officer get up early in the morning?
What job pays you to shoot people but not harm them?
Why did Joan Rivers die during throat surgery?
What do you call a gay alcoholic?
What do you tell a worried guitar?
Lame joke I made one night. What do you get when you mix a cat and a blender?
How do you find white Canadian reggae musician Snow in the snow?
What do you call a diseased duck?
How many Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What are some great video game jokes?
what did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire?
What file turns a 1mm hole into a 10mm hole?
What does Spiderman do when he's not fighting crime?
What did the pirate say to the prostitute?
What's black and full of holes?
Did you hear about the two radio antennae who fell in love and decided to get married?
What is brown and sticky?
Why did man invent the shipping cart?
Why do bananas wear suntan lotion?
Why do politicians wear neckties?
What has 100 legs and 3 teeth?
How many Apple executives does it take to change a light bulb?
How many vegans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's the difference between a tribe of clever pygmies and a girls' track team?
How do you think the unthinkable?
Why do women have legs?
Did you hear about the broken watch from the 1800's?
How do you make a plumber sad?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
What do you call a lesbian with a SUV full of penises?
Do you smoke?
How many Astros fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What does Verizon wireless and abortion clinics have in common?
How does a cat tell time??
Why was the geometry teacher so dizzy?
What did you do wrong if your wife comes out of the kitchen and yells at you?
What's brown and sticky?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How do you tittilate an ocelot?
What do you call a hypnotist that works with wealthy children during the summer?
How many martial artists does it taek to change a lightbulb?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
what is better than roses on your piano?
What function do the bumps on a nipple serve?
How many pixies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How do you know someone went to Harvard?
How many Jewish grandmothers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many Firefly fans disc it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call a German grocery store that carries everything but fish?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
How do you organize a Space Party?
How many first-time theater directors does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you get when you cross a rooster and a telephone pole?
Why did Hitler kill the Jews?
How do hair stylists get in shape?
Would you rather be cursed with scenario 1 or 2?
What did the pirate day on his 80th birthday?
Why do Jewish men get circumcised?
Why is Edward Snowden stuck in Russia?
What's the difference between mashed potatoes and pea soup?
How do they keep track of books at the sausage library?
Did you hear what happened to the private who got caught sleeping with his drill instructor's Chlamydia infected wife?
Why did Princess Diana cross the road?
Why did the turtle cross the road?
Why did the tomato blush?
How can you spot a Jewish Pedofile?
What did Joan Rivers say to God when she arrived?
What do you get when you cross a monastery with a convent?
How many guys in the Friendzone does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Que es la nombre con un bebe burro?
What should you do with your sick pig?
How are women and tornadoes alike?
What do you call the hash marks on your headboard?
What did Tiger Woods' dad tell him on his death bed?
what did the faggot faggot the faggot?
How do you titillate an ocelot?
What do you call a Mexican child molester?
What type of bees make milk?
Q. What do Robin Williams and Joan Rivers want for Christmas?
How do you make a mailman cry?
Why did Karl Marx dislike Earl Grey?
What black & White and cool as f**k?
Hey did you know a new medication came out for depressed lesbians?
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe?
Hey Joe, did you return that axe to Frank?
What Christmas Carol do they sing in North Korea?
What does a blind pornstar say when she's surprised?
What did the lunatic vacuum cleaner salesman say to his son before murdering him?
What black and yellow and makes you laugh when it goes off a cliff?
What did the egg say when it was about to be hard boiled?
What do you call 144 rotten eggs?
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple?
Why did the skydiver die before reaching the ground?
Did you hear Mr. Fanatic started delivering gifts to children?
Why do they call a wolf a wolf?
Did you guys hear about Joan Rivers?
How are burnt pizza, frozen beer and a pregnant girlfriend related?
What's the definition of irony?
What did the rubber say when he was offered a job as the high school choir teacher?
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other?
What's the difference between Joan Rivers' face and Kate Upton's tits?
Have you heard of that invention that lets you see through walls?
What did the nun say to the priest?
What's the hardest part of a gardener's job?
A: Have you heard that joke they don't tell retards?
Are you from the 316?
What is a pirate's favorite TV show?
Why does my porn website have a share to google+ button?
Where do galaxies go to college?
How did the butcher introduce his wife?
Why doesn't Santa Claus have children?
Why don't Chinese Restaurant owners do their dirty dishes?
Why are fire trucks always red?
When is a Pixie not a Pixie?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
What do you call italian food that is bad?
What did the pessimist say to the psychologist?
What do you call it when someone makes a slam-dunk wearing shiny handcuffs?
Jim is a butcher. Has a sister named Delores. He stands 6ft tall and wears a 10 gallon hat. What does he weigh?
How does a turtle grate cheese?
What do you call a chilly office?
What is the Mexicans favorite credit card company?
Why can't any of the seven dwarfs share the same name?
Why is my dog better than my girlfriend?
What do you get if you cross an owl with a donkey?
What do you say to a dangerously cheesy chicken?
What do you call a bunch of cats sitting in a circle?
What's the difference between a $200 vacuum and a $50 vacuum?
Why do teenage girls have groups in odd numbers?
What do you call an amphibian in disguise?
Why didn't the lifeguard save the drowning hippy?
Why could 8 see that 6 was afraid of 7?
What do you say when comforting a grammar nazi?
What do you call a Mexican with a broken-down car?
What is your best wordplay joke?
What's a Mexicans favorite protein?
How do you make an elephant float?
Why are camels considered the ships of the desert?
What is it called when Batman skips church?
What is the difference between a slut and a bitch?
What's the one car that gingers can't have?
What do you call a nosy hot pepper?
Did you hear about the two antennas that got married?
How do you catch a unique cat?
Have you found a chick yet?
What do you call a very unfriendly, female dog?
What do you call a gay avatar?
Did you hear they found the body of the guy that leaked the Jennifer Lawrence nudes?
What do Libyan people put in their TV remotes?
How do you make a German shepherd?
What do you call siblings that play soccer?
Why did the elephant paint its nails red?
Doctor... can I bathe with diarrhea?
Why did the dead baby cross the road?
5 year old cousin with this one: Who lives in the green house?
A Freudian slip?
Why is Jennifer Lawrence the only one freaking out about the nude photo leak?
Joke from my 7 year old cousin - Why did the ninja go to college?
Why don't blind people go skydiving?
What's a pirates favorite material?
Why do teenage girls hang out in odd numbers?
What's the thing in common between your girlfriend starting the pill and the muisic group Europe?
Where are average things manufactured?
How are the band "The Scorpions" and rural shepherds alike?
You know what they say about people with big feet?
Why is six afraid of seven?
Why did the man eat all of the bananas?
But did you hear how it really fappened?
Want to read a joke about pizza?
What is it called when a woman can't imagine having kids?
What kind of weather puts a smile on snoop dogg' face?
What do King Cong and the Archbishop of Canterbury have in common?
What do you call a Jewish Pokémon player?
What did the computer say to the virus?
What does a mathematician do about constipation?
Why do girls always go in threes when using the restroom?
Why do flamingos stand on one leg?
How does a communist do well in school?
What's the crackhead's favorite song?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do particle physicists like to drink?
Why doesn't Mrs. Clean get pregnant?
What does a nine volt battery and an asshole have in common?
Why Couldn't 3 Fall Asleep ?
Why did the referee stop the leper hockey game?
Whats the difference between a prostitute with dysentery and an epileptic oyster shucker?
Do we really need to preface every joke with our relation to the teller and as much info about them as possible?
Why do Televisions have buttons?
Whats the only bad thing about head from an anorexic girl?
You know what really grinds my gears?
Why are Peruvians always deported?
How do you obtain Kate Upton's nudes?
[Sick Humour] What sits in the corner of the room, crying and getting smaller and smaller?
Why did the sand scream?
What did one cannibal say to the other cannibal?
COMPUTERS: SHE OR HE?
What do pancakes do when they are scared?
What's the difference between a turtle and a tortoise?
What did the cannibal ask for in his burrito?
What did the Jewish pedophile say to the little boy?
Why do bad farmers make good DJs?
Why was the marshmallow stuck to the tree?
What type of shoes does a pedophile wear?
Best blonde jokes?
What does a fashionable criminal always make sure they have a lot of?
What is it called when Batman skips church?
Told by a 5 year old boy live on local radio: Why did Mr humpty dumpy push Mrs humpty dumpy off the wall?
Why could the chef not cook a tree branch?
What was so special about Bounty's new line of paper towels?
What do you get when you mix a hippo, an elephant and a rhino?
What do you call an Irish lesbian?
What did the 0 say to the 8?
Why don't gypsies use condoms ?
Who is the biggest singer right now?
What's Gordon Ramsay's least favorite movie?
What do they call a dog in Iraq?
What do you call Batman when he skips church?
Why is it so easy to fool an octopus?
What did the spoon say when he caught his knife cheating on him?
What do you call the removal of a fence?
How many non-sequiturs does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did the oven go back to University?
What is a pirate's favorite pokemon?
Why did the hipster cross the road?
What do you call retarded cow thighs?
Why were the Three Wise Men covered in soot?
What do you call a castrated unicorn?
what is hhe hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
Why can't seagulls fly over the bay?
What’s the difference between acne and a priest?
Why did the guy take his time setting up a premature ejaculation support group?
What's the difference between a hippie girl and a can of beans?
Why did Steve Irwin's sunscreen get recalled?
why didn't the escaped peasant want to go to the beach?
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito?
What do you call a nine-sided polygon that wishes to remain anonymous?
Did you hear about the narcoleptic, necrophiliac mortician?
What's the sharpest thing in the word?
Did you hear about the burger cook who took a dump on the grill?
What starts with an F and ends with a K?
What's funnier than a dead baby?
What's the difference between organized crime and politics?
How many light bulbs does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you get by cross-breeding a jehovahs witness and an atheist?
Why aren't Mexicans ever indecisive?
What was the Rabbi's favorite frozen treat?
Did you hear about the kidnapping?
What do you call a big pile of kittens?
Why does it see like fur is more hated than leather?
What economic theory opposes manscaping?
How much does a plumber make in an hour?
Why are pirates angry after leaving the bathroom?
Does anyone have any good programming jokes?
What do you call a Jew with a pH lower than 7?
What did the baby computer call his dad?
Why is Santa's sack so big?
Did you know 60% of all Asian men have Cataracks?
What is the craziest/weirdest/most interesting/most unique/ uncommon phrase you've ever heard ?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
Your skin looks great do you use concealer?
What's a pirate's favorite letter of the alphabet?
What did the blind man say when he walked past the fish market?
Why do Canadian women use hockey pucks instead of tampons?
How do you stop your dog digging holes in your garden?
What is Aloe Blacc's real name?
Maybe the UN and NATO wouldn't be so upset with the Ukraine invasion if they weren't just Russian in?
What do refugees drink?
Did you guys see Micheal J. Fox's icebucket challenge?
What's the difference between an alcoholic and a necrophiliac?
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire?
What do you call a detective from Glasgow with three feet?
How many straight men in california does it take to change a lightbulb?
What did Mark Antony say to Van Gogh?
You know who's even bigger than Ariana Grande?
What do you call a rabbit who lifts weights?
How'd you keep an idiot in suspense?
What did the doctor do after he finished reading the book?
Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill?
Anyone know any kid-friendly jokes about burgers?
What do you call a hooker fart?
Why did the drunk fall asleep at the wheel?
Why couldn't Hitler change a lightbulb?
What does a 75 year old woman have between her breasts that a 25 year old doesn't?
Where does Joseph Kony train his soldiers?
What does the atheist say when he arrives at the Pearly Gates?
You hear of the movie about a girl's struggle during her time of the month?
Why is British weather muslim?
What is the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina?
What sort of undergarments does a succinct pugilist wear?
Did you ever notice how men always leave the toilet seat up?
How did the hipster burn his mouth?
What does it take for a Beatles reunion?
What do you call a man that stabs many packets of Cornflakes?
Why did the gay guy cross the road?
Everyone uses body wash these days. What happened to good old-fashion soap?
What do you call two gay black guys?
What has two legs and bleeds?
Why is it called a cunt?
Which sea creature is the most determined?
Why did the Scot screw the sheep on the edge of a cliff?
Why do women wear make up and perfume?
What's your name?
What's the NSDAP's favourite kind of Jew?
Why do Scots wear kilts?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
How much cum does a gay guy have?
Why did the fence get busted for having stolen goods?
What do you call a chicken without feathers?
What do blondes and computer have in common?
Why do scholars use big words?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why don't black people go on cruises?
How do you call a blond who has colored her hair to brown?
What letter appears most frequently in the word CANADA?
What's worse than ants in your pants?
Why don't lions eat clowns?
Why are there no cats in Germany?
Why did Johnny drop his ice cream?
What do you call an empty jar of Cheese Whiz?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
How do you tell a Japanese girl you're breaking up with her ?
What does an existentialist bully say?
Why was the solider nervous about being deployed?
Cakeday special - what did the Chinese gangster do?
What happened after the King of All Cosmos destroyed the stars in a drunken rage?
What do you get when you ask a proctologist for a second opinion?
Where do homeless people read about their friends deaths?
What has two legs and bleeds a lot?
Did you hear there was a blackout last night?
What does a rich physicist wear?
Why are there no living cats on Mars?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milkshakes?
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose?
What do you call the crucified baby Jesus?
What's the difference between the worst sex you ever had, and the best sex you ever had?
If u line up in a single straight line the molecules contained in one teaspoon of water they will be 30 billion miles long, wich is about 10 times the lenght of the solar system, and you know what this means?
Why is a change machine easy to understand?
How long is the flight?
Why are fish only happy inside?
Whats white on top and black on the bottom?
What happens if you don't pay the priest who exorcises your house?
Are you still looking for a job?
What's the difference between a Bud Light and a vagina?
How do you start a rave party in Ethiopia?
What do you call a sugar substitute that has poor taste?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
What sound does a shotgun make?
What three streets in Chicago rhyme with vagina?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
Why did Hitler have a thing for men from Hungary?
What's the difference between pink and purple?
What's the difference between a condom and a coffin?
What do you call a Russian Lizard?
Why were deer testicles the most popular product at the meat fair?
What does a sarcastic fishing-rod with a broken reeler say?
What do you get when you put your hand in a blender?
What made the New Mexican sad?
You guys ever seen a cockatoo?
Why are the noses of Jewish people so big?
Are candles happy or sad when they are put out?
What do you call a quaterpounder with cheese in Zimbabwe?
What is the most positive thing in a ghetto?
Where are the cleanest bathrooms on college campuses?
What's the difference between a rapper and God in a strip club?
what kind of pants does the godfather wear?
What do you call an effeminate Japanese man with radiation sickness, AIDS and hemorrhegic fever?
How do cows communicate?
Why is it both a good idea and bad idea to hire a Logophobe as an editor?
What's the same about George Washington, and a tranny?
Why did the mermaid cover her breasts with seashells?
What's the best joke you've ever come up with?
What did the blind man say when he walked passed the fish aisle in the supermarket?
Have you heard about the three Chinese virgins?
Did you know that Davy Crockett had three ears?
Why does the fat chick give the best blowjobs?
Why was the origami class cancelled?
What do you call an alien civil rights activist?
How do you kill a vegetarian vampire?
What’s the best part about living in Switzerland?
What will the ISIS be called when we eventually destroy them?
Remember the first time offender who was into bdsm? It made him late for an appointment. His excuse?
What does cheese say to itself when taking a selfie in the mirror?
What do you call a bunch of wealthy muslims?
What do you call a Saudi cow?
What is orange and sounds like a parrot?
Did you hear about the new extreme camping TV show?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What do Mexican Zombies eat?
Why are circles so knowledgeable?
What do a gynecologist and a pizza delivery boy have in common?
What do you call a female alligator?
What drove the British mystery fan insane?
You hear about the moneyless porn star that started selling double-ended dildos?
Why do we eat?
What would happen if Russia ran out of vodka?
Did you hear about the preschool kidnapping?
What's Borat's favorite neighborhood?
Did you hear about the suicidal homeopath?
What do you call a one-legged asian woman?
What do you call a rich muslim god?
Why is twelve an unfair number?
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
Have you seen how expensive balloons are lately?
What's Rihanna's favorite type of apple?
Why are New Yorkers so depressed?
Do you have Prince Albert in a can?
Why do we sleep?
HELP? I need help remembering a joke. Is it ok to ask this here?
Did you know that the illuminati created golf as a way of harnessing the world's most valuable energy source?
Why did the condom hit the wall?
You hear Jerry Sandusky is revolutionizing pee wee football?
What do you call a right angle that gets beaten into a long square?
How many prolog programmers does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why do seagulls fly over the sea?
Oh my god, did you hear Bob Barker died?
What do you call three lesbians on a bicycle?
Why was the lizard upset with her husband?
How many radical feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call a cock blocker?
how do you know you are a real redneck?
What do you call someone banned from an Indian restaurant?
Did you hear about the german who accidently put his hand in boiling oil?
How many dead prostitutes does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call an alligator in a vest?
My son keeps talking to me in binary even though I ask him not to. What kind of boy is he?
Am I too late for a Belgian joke?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
What is a pedophile's favorite guitar chord?
Why can't the French cook two eggs?
What's brown and sticky?
Why was the little drop of ink so sad?
Did you hear about the psychic midget that escaped from jail last night?
Do you know about the unpredictable weather in Syria?
A very old joke: why is the letter r so important?
Why was Luke Skywalker convicted of rape ?
If a tramp and a bunch of rich people are dressed the same, how does the tramp stand out?
What did the hurricane say to the palm tree?
What does the sterile man say when asked if he's gonna get neutered?
What's the difference between a Palestinian woman and a Mackerel?
What is the cutest car?
How long did Dorothy, the Scarecrow, and the Cowardly Lion have to wait for the Tin Man?
What did Hitler say to the Black Jew?
Whaddya call a know-it-all from Europe?
How do thieves kiss?
What is the blackest of magics?
What does a prostitute and a lawyer have in common?
how many corrections officers does it take to throw an inmate down the stairs?
what's the difference between Madeleine McCann and Jesus?
What did the shoes say to the pants?
Did you hear about the support group for people who talk too much?
How do you hide from imminent retribution?
What's Jay-Z's favorite city to perform in?
How do you make the Wicked Witch of the West kill herself?
Have you heard the one about the deaf guy?
How did the geometry teach kill himself?
How many blacks does it take to start a riot?
How do you make a baby cry?
How do we know that Darth Vader is American?
What did the match box say to the match?
Have you heard about the new car park crime statistics?
How do you circumcise a hillibilly?
What did the ZERO say to the EIGHT?
What country has the most people?
Why do hot girls always travel in threes?
What do women and dog shit have in common?
Why did a chinese man ride a bike to the brothel?
What do men and slurpees have in common?
What's the difference between unlawful and illegal?
Why did the pervert cough when he was caught molesting a pony?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
What is your favorite biology joke?
What did ELO say once they found out their stripper was a hermaphrodite?
What would you title a movie about a Nazi roofer with a speech impediment?
Does anyone need a vacuum cleaner?
What's it called when an Arabic author releases their latest novel after dinner?
What is the difference between a horror fiction writer and a disabled physicist?
Why did the dolphin go to church?
What do you call a sad hat?
Did your hear about the man with a broken left arm and broken left leg?
How do married men remember their birthdays?
Why was the rooster angry?
What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen?
What do paper towels call their family?
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down?
What did Helen Keller say when her dog died?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
With all the different ways to sat the same jokes, how would you know it's not a repost?
What do you call a monkey in a minefield?
You know who is lazy to type?
What is a gentleman monkey?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Cyanide?
What do dyslexic zombies eat?
Why do all polish names end in SKI ?
How does Hitler tie his shoes?
What do you get when you put rootbeer in a square glass?
What do you call a white man flying a plane?
What kind of dog did the sad cantaloupe get?
How many Tumblr women does it take to change a light bulb?
Is light a wave or a particle?
What kind of food do zombies hate?
[Sub-reddit Related Discussion] Does anyone else get annoyed with the comments about jokes being offensive?
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon at?
How did Viking ships communicate?
What do vegetarian zombies eat?
Did you hear about that new broom?
What did the maxi-pad say to the fart?
if a blonde and a Asian girl would jump off a bridge who would land first?
How does Kanye make Kim Kardashian's eyes twinkle?
Did you hear about the guy who got his left side cut?
What can jelly beans do that you can't?
Glass half-empty or half full?
Why is Bud light kinda like making love on a canoe?
What is r/jokes' main function?
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane?
What's the worst single thing you could do to someone?
How many roaches does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What insect do you use to capture a slutty woman?
Did you hear about the scarecrow that got promoted?
Are you a breast or a thigh man?
How many ballerinas does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Did you hear about the guy that made the highest grades in his graduating class?
What did one snail say to the other snail?
What do you call a guitarist without a girlfriend?
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What is a 72?
You wanna know the best food to eat when sad?
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What's the difference between cum and Jello?
Why wasn't the bear allowed to drive?
Why does no one want to work in the yard with a carpenter?
You know the best thing about Midgets?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
Why is semen white and pee yellow?
whats 72??
What's the difference between an egg and a root?
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down?
Why are birds always sad in the morning?
What do you call a group of Idiots?
What do you call an Arab who has many cows?
what does a gay horse eat?
Did you hear about the fight at the bakery?
What do you call a pile of cats?
Why don't good golfers cheat?
Why so the French line their streets with trees?
How many Catholic priests does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a fake shit?
Why do fish swim in salt water?
What do you call an orange cat in summer?
What does a donkey say?
LE NEW JOKE???
Why does no-one use the rhinos ATM?
Did you hear about the Mexican train killer?
What's the object of Jewish football?
What do you call a rare Egyptian King?
How does an insane man get through the forest?
Joke I just made up: what's a neo nazis favorite sports drink?
Why does a redneck hold a knife while driving?
Q. Why did the ant fall off the toilet seat?
What position would Obama be if he played football?
What happens when you step on an oily asian?
What do you call a government consisted of burglars?
What did the Jewish pirate say when he heard his wife died?
Why do pedophiles love Old Navy sales?
Feline-loving fashionista's favorite music?
How did Bob die, when he went on a trip to Africa?
How do you blind fold an asian?
Why do farts smell?
Did you hear about the kidnapping?
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?
Why is the Mississippi so wide?
What is the first rule of eating a banana?
What's the difference between roast chicken and pea soup?
What's the Difference between 3 dicks and a Joke?
What does a priest get when he wants pussy?
What did the boy say when his dog died?
What animal is the moodiest?
how do you keep bacon from curling in the pan?
What plant attacks people?
Why don't smart girls ever get pregnant?
Whats the difference between a duck?
What's scary about a white man in prison?
What does a black person get after sex...???
What is your favourite shaggy dog tale?
What do you call a man who has lost the lower parts of his legs, but still somehow has his feet?
What's yellow and lives off dead beatles?
What does German goalkeeper Manuel Neuer call it when he takes a dump and there is nothing on the toilet paper after wiping?
Why didn't the President fight with the chair?
How'd the preacher catch A.I.D.S. in Africa?
What college did the eyeball go to?
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle?
What would a Chinese person never eat, but a Mexican regularly eats incredulously?
what do you call a play about victorian era menstruation?
What did the boy say after the tailor made fun of him for not wearing pants?
What do you call a hooker with a runny nose?
What do you call a cockroach filing a complaint?
How did the mathematician reach the end of the Y-axis?
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
When birds fly in a 'V' formation, one arm of the V is usually longer than the other. Do you know why that is?
Did you hear about the Mexican train killer?
Why did the band Wham! break up?
What did the chicken say after laying an egg?
What do Buddhist monks have for breakfast?
What is the difference between a drunk driver and a stoned driver?
Did you hear the one about Gilgamesh?
What do you say to a motivated ghost?
Did you hear the tragic news about Robin Williams?
Why did the vampire miss work?
Why did the stand-up comedian get such bad reviews?
Have you heard the joke about the deaf guy?
Can you believe they're still together after all that crap?!?
A Riddle: What's the only hole that I can't put my dick in?
What is your best weed/stoner related joke?
How does the Rabbi make his coffee?
Where did Sadam Hussein keep his CD collection?
Why did the terrorist kill his wife on their anniversary?
What did the Nazi do after World War II?
What is the opposite of an autistic?
Feeling cold?
What do you call a deaf dinosaur?
Why did The Walrus go to a Tupperware party?
What did one Jersey girl's leg say to the other?
What's the difference between new cops and old cops?
why is peter pan always in the air?
Waiter, what's this fly doing in my soup?
What do you call and eight sided dildo?
What did the boy centipede say to the girl centipede passing by?
How many Missouri Police officers does it take to change a light bulb?
So... what do you call a sexual tree?
A dead person, a 2 year old, and a thot are all asked to count to ten. Which one can do it?
Why Ireland so rich?
What's dumber than a box of rocks?
What did the dolphin say when three orcas swam by?
What did the hungry whale do?
What does a pickle use to make bread?
What beer do elderly rednecks drink?
What was wrong with Genghis Khan's new suit?
Have you ever had sex while camping?
What do you call a bear with no teeth?
Why has there never been an Asian president?
What comes between fear and sex?
What do you call a disappointing white wine?
What sound does Korean bread make when it hits a wall?
What does the rest of the colony call an old ant?
Why couldn't the lizard be aroused?
Who was the blind horse jealous of?
What is the opposite of an autist?
Hey baby, is your name Polio?
What kind of disease do you get from birds?
What kind of movies do pirates watch?
Why Did Hitler Quit Drinking?
What's your favorite medical joke?
When is 99 greater than 100?
How does the man on the moon cut his hair?
Why did Captain Hook think Robin Williams death was funny?
What kinds of vegetables did Ghandi prefer?
What do we want? A cure for Tourette's! When do we want it?
Why does Peter Pan always fly?
What do you call four bees??
Does anyone need an ark?
What's a linguist's favorite beverage?
What did the vacuum cleaner salesman say to his colleague?
What's the difference between a Taliban outpost and a Pakistani elementary school?
How does R. Kelly respond when girls ask for a rating on a ten scale?
Why does it take so long to play Israeli sports?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl urinate?
Why is Mexico's flag green, white, and red?
What do you call someone who worships testicles?
How many corporate drones does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the difference between a schoolmaster and a stationmaster?
Monica Lewinsky's favorite Green Bay Packer?
What does a pirate from Boston say?
Why doesn't Mr. Jinks babysit his brother's daughters?
What's the difference between a dentist and a sadist?
What's the difference between a nun and a woman in a bathtub?
What did Fred from 'Scooby Doo' say when Mystery Inc. finally found a mystery that was too scary for them to solve?
Why did the lime disapprove of his daughter?
Why couldn't the mayonnaise kethup?
Did you hear about that amazing joke that Jesus told as he was dying?
What's the difference between A pope and THE pope?
What do you call an asian women who flies an airplane?
Did you hear about the new anti-consumerism movement?
How do you get high underwater?
What's the funniest thing you can find in a closet?
What is Paul Georges favorite place to eat at?
What's the diffrence between a Chickpea and a Gorbanzo bean?
What do Princess Diana and Pink Floyd have in common?
What do you call a black guy on the moon?
Why do the sharks only swim in salt water?
What do you call a punctuation mark that's got a girlfriend?
What's left when a jew takes a shower?
Did you hear about the Mexican hit-man who was a chronic masturbator?
What did the illiterate man say upon realizing the couch he just purchased was made of fake leather?
What's the definition of an african-american?
What did Robin Williams suicide note say?
What's the difference between a tornado and a divorce in the South?
Ants Dancing ?
Why do they like to watch Star Wars on the big screen on aircraft carriers?
Why do people buy smart cars?
Why did the chicken cross the mobius strip?
What is JPA? Joke point average. Where do people with high JPAs go to?
Why do scuba divers fall backwards out of the boat?
What do you tell an unemployed Rastafarian?
What did that car driver die of?
How many women with PMS does it take to screw-in a light bulb?
What do you do if you see a nigger shot 50 times?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
Why do chicken coops only have two doors?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do you find up a clean nose?
Did you hear that they are rebooting the show Six Feet Under?
Why did Josh Gordon marry Mary Jane?
How does a train eat?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
What do you call an online relationship?
If Apple designed a car, would it have windows?
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say at the abortion clinic?
You know why Russia is more productive?
Why did the Irish woman only put 239 beans into her bean soup?
Why did the mule fail his math test?
Did you hear about the worlds greatest magician?
Why did you get a tattoo?
What did zero say to eight?
Why was Game Of Thrones banned from twitter?
What is the last thing you want to hear after blowing Willie Nelson?
Why did the snowman have his pants down?
What's the difference between Karate and Judo?
What do you take on a math camping trip?
What's the difference between a dead hooker and a Ferrari?
What do you call three rabbits hopping backwards?
[Pickup Line] Are you a phillips or flathead?
What's invisible and smells like carrots?
Where did the father of the paper sack live?
Where does the Empire buy their robes?
How do you get 4 old ladies to yell "Shit!"?
What is a toad's favorite genre of music?
What do Jesus, Gandhi and Mel Gibson all have in common?
Why did the redneck cross the road?
What did Sonic the Hedgehog say during Ramadan?
What's black, blue, and red all over?
Did you hear about that pirate movie?
How do you call a puzzled amputee?
What do you call it when a shepherd can't find his ram?
What are some names for a dating website that caters specifically to people with diseases?
What does a black guy do after sex?
What is the South American Music Scale?
How do you fit four gays on one stool?
What was the last thing that went through the bugs head after he hit the window shield?
What type of car would Jesus drive?
What happens to a drunk vampire?
What did Drake say when he got out of the elevator?
What do you call a lesbian Pakistani?
Why did the condom fly across the room?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
So how was the tourettes convention?
What do you do when a box kotex catches on fire?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
How long does it take for a black woman to take out the trash?
What time does Sean Connery show up to wimbledon?
Does your dick touch your ass hole?
When Lil John goes to a hotel and they ask him if he wants turn down service, does he refuse?
Why did the bike fall over?
Why don't blind men go skydiving?
What branch of government actually listens to the people?
What did the retarded kids call there rock band?
Whats brown and rhymes with snoop?
What's the difference between an egg and Elliot Rodger?
How do you make soup from a computer?
How many kids with A.D.D. does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the difference between Bono and Jesus?
Why did the horror fan switch off Cujo?
What do pink flamingos have on their front lawns?
What do you call it when a prayer is answered?
How do you make a cat bark?
What's a Scottish transsexual's favourite drink?
What's Beethoven's favorite favorite Japanese weapon?
Have you ever seen moth balls?
Has anyone heard the joke about the mansion and the stairs that go 'bronze silver gold bronze silver gold'?
What's Green and has 5 Wheels?
Why do Italians wear gold chains?
What's the difference between Jesus and Mexicans?
Why was the OCD race car driver so fast?
When is a door not a door?
Why are mushrooms small?
When is the only time a woman says something smart?
Why did John F. Kennedy die?
How many NYC cops does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How are AIDS researchers like Jews?
What's the best thing about fucking a pregnant woman?
What's the difference between a mosque and a school?
Why did Sally fall off the swing??
Why are Jewish men circumcised ?
What is the most useless superpower?
What's a pirates favorite letter?
What kind of room has no walls?
What's the difference between a gay man and a freezer?
Why do girls never travel in odd numbers?
What does a burning Mexican farm smell like?
What do you get when you send a duck backwards in time to the moment before you sent the duck?
Have you ever had sex while camping?
What did the bee say to his wife?
What do you call a cow masturbating in an open field?
What's the difference between a joke and a retorical question?
Do you know how to tell the difference between a rectal thermometer and an oral thermometer?
Q: What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common?
How many gay men does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do soy beans and dildos have in common?
What's Irish and sits outside?
What's the difference between a girl with herpes and a leather shoe?
What is so brilliant with a Arabian blow-up doll?
What's the favorite whiskey of Unidan?
What's a one way streets favorite band?
Why did the plane crash?
What's the most romantic pasta?
(UK) Did you hear about the new brand of shampoo for pikeys?
What's black on top and white at the bottom?
How do you circumcise a whale?
What's the worst part about being black and Jewish?
What's the difference between a weasel and a stoat?
Hedgehogs: why can't they just share the hedge?
What did the agnostic, dyslexic insomniac do?
What beer does Sean Connery drink?
What noise does Doppler's cat make?
What do you call an African who plays 10 pin bowling online?
Why did the soccer player have to ask for a bib at the restaurant?
What does a pediatrist do when you ask them which body part they find most interesting?
What do The Pope & a Christmas Tree have in common?
What is Kim Kardashian's favorite hockey team?
Did you guys know a Mexican's brain is the most expensive out all the race?
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino?
How do you get half of Mexico to jump off a cliff?
What do Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common?
What do you call Kanye dressed as Kermit?
What's the difference between a peeping Tom and a pickpocket?
What are your most hilarious jokes if you dont know your opposite person?
How many Dornishmen does it take to shoe a horse?
What is Putin's favorite new ballot?
You know what they say about camping...?
What is the difference between a hormone and an enzyme?
What kind of pants do Bostonians wear?
What's the difference between a baby and a kilo of cocaine?
What do you call a British midget mother who can barely support her family?
Why does the Illuminati have to be the bad guy all the time?
How do you break a Polish man's finger?
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler?
What do you call a midget, that escaped prison, that is also a psychic?
What were the infinite number of Indian Mathematicians complaining about?
What's the worst part about 4 black guys driving off a cliff in an escalade?
What is M. Night Shamalan's favorite game?
What do you call the things on the end of Winnie the Pooh's feet?
What's the worst thing to hear during a prostate exam?
How many Jews can you fit in a vw?
You know what gets me down?
How often do I make a chemistry joke?
[META] Spoiler Tags?
What do you call nondeterministically scrambled Crunk?
Why cant Skrillex go fishing?
What do you do with 365 used condoms?
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob?
What do you call a pimp without a cane?
What did the diver say to the oyster?
How many gay men can you fit on a bar stool?
Why do people take acid at raves?
What do you call it when the host of Who Wants to be a Millionaire messes up while reading the question?
What do you call someone who's been kicked out of a fraternity?
What do you call a skydiving tonsil who's afraid that something bad might happen?
What did the octogenarian pirate say?
ELI5: with the recent outbreak of Ebola why hasn't Madagascar sealed it's borders yet?
What do you call earrings on a gay man?
[Knee-slappin, terrible OC] Why was the nun named "NPN"?
Why didn't Ukraine go to war with Russia yet?
Is that water coming out of your nose?
Why didn't Bruce Willis star in the movie "Titanic"?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle?
What do you call a boat whose captain has no idea what he's doing and works for free?
How did the hippie remember the number of wives he had?
What do you get when you cross a riddle with a rhetorical question?
Want to hear a clean joke?
What do you call a fly with no wings?
What type of jokes do planets tell each other?
What do you call a woman flying a plane?
Where do cannibals get their vegetables from?
How many Unidans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What is Mexico's national sport?
What would you call it if pigs were flying yesterday?
Why are pirates good at singing?
What do u call a spanish man with a rubber toe?
What do you call a knight made out of clay?
What's the difference between a gardener and a pimp?
Daddy, how did you name me?
What do you call two ants that run away to get married?
Did you hear the one about the wooden car? With the wooden wheels? And the wooden engine?
Q. How would you write do not touch in Braile?
Am I black with white stripes, or white with black stripes?
Where do cousins come from?
My Asian friend bought a dog today! Guess how much they got it for?
Where does a lonely ant go when it is separated from its colony?
Did you hear about the guy who accidently used super glue instead of lube while having sex?
How does Wonder Woman like Superman to perform oral sex?
What's the difference between a rabbit on a treadmill and a rabbit with a carrot stuck up its nose?
Where do babies come from?
Want to hear a joke about my dick?
Where do they categorize the history books in an Indian library?
Gay pride parade? Why isn't there a straight pride parade?
How did the astronaut break up with his girlfriend?
How do you spot Will Smith in a snowstorm?
How many South Americans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What kind of water do you drink when the snow melts?
What do you call a coked-up Iron Man?
What's God's favorite guitar chord?
Surely people with the middle name 'Will' are the most nominally determined people possible?
What is one item which has never been affected by inflation?
Pete and Repete are in a boat and Pete falls out. Who's left?
Where does a bee put its stinger?
What do black people and Apple Inc. have in common?
What did Neil Armstrong do after walking on the moon before Buzz Aldrin did?
Have you ever heard of the s-shaped well?
What do you do if an epileptic falls in your swimming pool?
How do you know if your friend has an iPhone?
You know how racist make their pancakes?
What do you call someone who gets stoned and baked?
Did you hear the one about the guy with no ears?
What does Batman put in his drinks?
Yarrrr! What's a pirrrate's favorite letterrr?
Have you heard of nihilism?
What did one butt cheek say to the other?
Have you heard about the man with five penises?
What did the farmer's daughter say when she lost her virginity?
Why do the Irish wear kilts?
You know what's funny?
Why're they called hemorrhoids?
What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver?
What did the left boob say to the right boob?
What do corn and staples have in common?
What do you call one-tenth of a bell?
Rob Riggle has to move to a new city, where does he live?
Why is there no gambling in Africa?
Did you hear about the computer that ate an entire hamburger in one go?
What's the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator?
How did Jim start losing weight after the holidays?
What is the most awkward day in Harlem?
why are sex ed and drivers ed never on the same day in Iraq ?
What's red and smells like blue paint?
What do you call the first sperm that reaches the egg?
What does snoop doggy dog use to do his laundry?
What's a pirate's favorite firework?
What do you get when you stick your dick in yogurt without asking first?
What's a farmers favourite metal band?
What kind of dog is best at keeping secrets?
Why can't you tell a joke to a dwarf?
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?
What kind of phone does a molester have?
What is a East Indian child's favourite game?
What's the difference between a good Samaritan and a Jew?
Did you hear about the accountant who daydreams about being an actuary?
[DARK HUMOUR] What do you call a fat baby?
What do you call a racing horse that's never been groomed?
What's the difference between family bonding and family bondage?
Why are African Americans called Negroes?
How did the anus win against the race car driver?
How do you make a Scottish omelette?
What's the difference between a happy person and ET?
Why is North Korea so evil?
Did you hear about the new cemetery?
What's a sucker's favorite drink?
What is a Jamaicans favorite country to visit?
Why did the arsonist go to the gym?
Whats it called when batman leaves church early?
Where can you go to pick up black birds?
How do trees access the internet?
What do bed detectives solve?
What do you call 2 doctors walking together?
What did the buffalo say when his kid left for college?
Why did the T-Rex go extinct?
Did you hear about the gay midget?
How do you get a witch pregnant?
How many germans does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the difference between and epileptic oyster shucker and a hooker with dysentery?
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob?
What's ET short for?
Why the F1 driver doesn't get along with his crew?
What's the similarity between Michael Jackson and a raped Middle Eastern woman?
What do you call optimistic lube?
What do you call someone who has blonde hair, blue eyes and worships the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
What does DNA stand for?
How did Dairy Queen get pregnant?
In which sub does OP deliver most often?
What do you call a duck on a rampage?
What is Stannis Baratheon's favorite genre of metal?
Barack Obama is on a sinking ship, who gets saved?
Did you hear about the guy who is addicted to drinking brake fluid?
What's the difference between a moan and a scream?
If God were a guitar chord, what would he be?
Why did Hitler lose the war?
What do you call a spoiled girl blogging about her 1st world problems?
Under what circumstance is mass a unit of time?
Why did Dave Grohl buy such a tall house?
What is the biggest joke?
What do you call a news anchor with diarrhea?
Why did the couch give the table a dollar?
What is a dark comedy?
Can someone please explain this joke?
Why did the farmer cross the road?
What did we call IT before computers ?
What dose a old lady got between her tits?
What did the horny frog say?
What do you call a blind deer?
Why was Jesus so ripped?
What do you name an African tech startup?
Did you hear about Hellen Keller's tree house?
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in the middle of the ocean?
What do you tell someone who doesn't like Depeche Mode?
What's the difference between a million dollar car and a pile of dead babies?
What's the difference between a microwave and anal sex?
What's the difference between a baby and a pound of coke?
Did you hear about the horror movie set in a campground?
Do you have a go-to joke to tell someone who is clearly having a bad day?
What do women and hurricanes have in common?
Why did the peanut go to jail?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What do you call money that grows on trees?
What do you call an Indian with a question?
What is a neck beard's favorite country?
Ever had sex while camping?
How do you make three pounds of fat attractive?
How do you silence an Italian?
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long?
Whatever happened to Robot Jones?
Are you waiting for my comeback?
What do you call an apple filled with cement?
What do The Sixth Sense and Titanic have in common?
Why doesn't Barbie get pregnant?
Why didn't the feminist get a job at the post office?
What is a drug addict's favorite series?
What is white and streaks across the sky at blinding speeds?
What does a German say at a Dude Ranch?
What do you call a soldier with long arms?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What do you call a black person that flys an airplane?
What does 70 year old pussy taste like?
How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb ?
Which fish is the redneck's favorite?
What's the difference between Kung-Fu and Judo?
What does a Mexican use to cut pizza?
What do ducks get hooked on?
What's the cheapest meat?
Why does the Asian News Anchor not stand up from behind his desk during presidential races?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
What do you call the ticket to get into a giant space station shaped like a vagina?
What do you call it when a blacksmith makes something white?
What's a terrorists favorite sports team?
What effect does global warming have on Pennsylvania?
Why did the police drop the charges against the man accused of being an olive branch?
What is the smartest thing to come out of a woman's mouth?
What is Moses's favorite beer?
Why do teenage girls only hang out in odd numbered groups?
are YOU tired of everyone taunting and cursing YOU? do YOU fee, no one cares about YOU anymore? Pressure at work? YOU feel like running away from this boring life?
What kind of pizza did the Dalai Lama order?
What happened to the over amorous clam?
Is anyone else having problems with their spellchecker?
What did the double-amputee say when he stood up?
Did you hear about the jeans manufacturing company that changed their product to pants made from one piece of fabric?
Quickest way to turn someone into a Nazi?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
What did the 0 say to the 8?
How are electric outlets punished?
What do you call a black guy flying a plane?
What car does Jesus drive?
What did Sushi A say to Sushi B?
What do you call having sex with someone with herpes?
Why do Jewish men get circumcised?
What do you call it when two designers argue about what file type to export a graphic to?
Why does granny have black eyes?
Did you guys hear about the Great Potato Famine in Ireland?
What do you call five black people having sex?
What sport do Japanese people watch?
How do supernatural entities cum?
What do a puppy and a near sighted gynecologist have in common?
What do lawyers and sperm have in common?
How do you turn on a female mathematician?
You are riding a horse. There is a giraffe beside you and a lion chasing you. What do you do?
Did you guys hear about the Italian Chef that died recently?
What gets longer when pulled, fits between breasts, inserts neatly in a hole, and works best when jerked?
What do you call spaghetti made by Jamaican?
What is Bruce Lee's favorite drink?
Did you hear about the hipster with heatstroke?
What did one statue say to the other statue he hadn't seen in a while?
Why type of nut do Wallflowers like?
Omg! Leonardo DeCaprio! Wanna hear a joke about the Oscars?
give me an example of a tragedy?
What did the philosophically-wise Mongol general say to motivate himself?
Did you hear about the scarecrow that won the award?
How do you make 5 pounds of fat look good?
What does Shakespeare's dog eat?
Why do female drivers sit higher up in their seats than male drivers?
What did the knife say to the pretty lady?
What's the difference?
Did you hear about the monkey lawyer who kept throwing his shit at the witnesses?
What is the primary job of an alligator?
What do you call a black man flying an airplane?
How can you tell if an elephant has been in the fridge?
Did you hear about Ken M.?
Why don't orphans play baseball?
How do you greet a gay Hispanic?
What do you call a stripper with a cattle prod?
What did the little Iraqi girl tell her father after he bought her a new backpack?
What do you call a colored man ?
How many seconds are in a year?
What do you call 500 old white guys chasing a black man with clubs?
How do you get three popes into a Volkswagen?
How do you tell when a girl really wants you?
In Greece how do you separate the men from the boys?
A bunch of angry redditors get pissed because of...?
What did one pee drinker say when he surprised the other pee drinker?
What do you call a blind gynecologist?
Did you hear about the baby that was born without eyelids?
What is the best part about duct tape?
whats the difference between Court and Supreme Court?
What's the slogan for Orion's Pizza?
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
How does every racist joke start?
What do you call a panther and a ghost combined?
How do you keep a turkey in suspense?
How do you keep an asshole in suspense?
Where does Putin negotiate?
Where do you buy a Walrus?
Did you hear about the new Chinese rap duo?
What's brown and sticky?
What does the math teacher do when he gets constipated?
How many apples grow on trees?
What is Putin to Ukraina, a friend or a brother ?
Why are valley girls so odd?
How do you fit 500 jews in a smart car?
Did you hear about the Polack that crashed a helicopter?
How do you know if someone grew up in New York City?
You know why Miss Piggy can't count to 70?
Why don't anteaters ever get sick?
Why was Jesus I such good shape?
Did you head about the rabbi who only drank lemonade?
Why are all Mexican jokes and Black jokes the same?
What do you call an obese terrorist who plays for the Yankees?
Where did Hitler watch TV?
What did the marine eat for lunch?
What does CNN call back-to-back aviation disasters?
What did the clitoris say to her therapist?
Which is worse, ignorance or apathy?
What did the blanket say when he fell off the bed?
How do you organise games in Pompeii?
can you guys help me find an AC/DC song?
Who steals from the poor and gives to the rich?
Why do Native Americans make good strippers?
Why did the medium cross the road?
What did the spy say at the glass beach?
How do you spot a blind guy in a nudist colony?
What do you do when you meet a robotic genie?
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito?
What's a butt's favorite exercise?
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow-woman?
What do you call a politically powerful shrub in Jamaica?
What did the snowman say to the other snowman?
What did one ameoba say to the other ameoba?
What do you call a dog with no hind legs?
What do you call a guy dumped by his Asian girlfriend?
What's the difference between dead animals on the road and dead lawyers on the road?
What's even harder to find than Bigfoot, UFOs, the Loch Ness Monster, and diamonds in Minecraft?
What do you call a group of obese gender reassigned persons?
Why can't Vader find a steady relationship?
How does a train eat?
New girlfriend?
Why did the punk-rocker cross the road?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's wife?
whats the difference between hell and gaza?
What smells like pork?
What did Hitmonlee say to Hitmonchan when he said he said his jokes sucked?
Why did the Fonz have red eyes?
Which came first, the chicken or the egg...?
What's the worst thing about being a paedophile?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
What does a dirty hippie say after you ask him to get off your couch?
How did the clerk greet the prostitute?
Why can't Indiana Jones find a long lasting relationship?
Do you know the major difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps?
How do you get a philosophy major off of your porch?
What does a slave driver do with his slaves when he's bored?
You know what they should call "Tinder" in Manhattan?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
What's the difference between batman and a black man?
Why are Russians so heartless?
Why is diarrhea hereditary?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
Why can't Two-Face kill Batman?
What did the Vietnamese sandwich salesman say to the unhappy mod?
What does a witch take when she can't poop?
What does the ninja call his penis?
How does Lady Gaga like her meat cooked?
What do you call 2 lesbians in a canoe?
What's half of 8?
What do you call a clever pig?
What'd you call a German businessman?
What did a police officer write in the criminal report, when they found a homey from the bottom of a lake, wrapped in 200 kg's of metal chains?
What type of flour do you buy an orphan?
Which is more promiscuous, a Northern girl or a Southern girl?
What is Bruce Lee's Favourite Drink?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What does the number 3 have in common with a Tumbler user?
What's the most evil thing a human being can do?
What was Bruce Lee's favorite hotel?
What's brown and black and looks good on a hippy?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do you get when you push a cow out of a plane?
What's a duck's favorite drug ?
What is the difference between Elliot Rodgers and Malaysia Airlines?
What is an alto's favorite drink?
what do you call it when Batman skips church?
What do you call 2 Mexicans playing basketball?
What do you call Christopher Walken when he is sitting?
What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of co-ordination?
You know pterodactyls' don't make noise right?
Did you hear about the two guys who stole a calender?
What do you call a melon with overbearing parents?
What is Weird Al Yankovic's favorite pick up line?
What do you call a blind deer?
What did the duck say to the hooker?
What do you call a constipated mason?
You know how to spell "Canada" right?
Whats the difference between Yoghurt and the USA?
What's your best mattress joke?
What's the easiest way to get laid?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
What's the difference between an Art major and a guy who mops bathrooms at KFC?
What's the difference between a canoe and a jew?
Wanna hear my construction joke?
Hey you know how people say they hate math because it doesn't make sense?
what retail store does a cat go to when it loses it's tail?
What is a skeletons favorite tool?
Where did the Fonz go for his drinking problem?
Did you hear about the constipated chancellor of the exchequer?
What do you get if you inject a baby goat with chimpanzee DNA?
What happened when the Malaysian asked the Russian out on a date?
How do you get a kleenex to dance?
Why can't a blonde dial 911?
Why did America remove the "u" from "colour"?
What can bring The Beatles back together?
Why are the Ninja Turtles on the No-Fly list?
How do you stop a lawyer from drownng?
What if Hitler was cast for 'The Matrix' instead of Keanu Reeves?
YOU KNOW THE FUCKING DIFFERENCE BETWEEN PAUL WALKER AND MY COMPUTER?
What is something that everyone overlooks no matter how hard they try not to?
What do you call a fake noodle?
Why was the tree soooo happy?
What do you call a magic dog in French?
How do you confuse a blonde?
What do you say to a chav that has got a job?
What did the hippie say when somebody told him to get off of their couch?
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs laying in a pile of leaves?
If a plane crashes on the US/Canada border, where do you bury the survivors?
What's the difference between a greyhound bus station and a lobster wearing a bra?
What do you call an anorexic blonde with a yeast infection?
What's the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo bean?
What does your s*** smell like?
Why can't women drive?
What do you call a dirty drug addict with a lisp?
Why did the shark cross the ocean?
What do your call a deer with no eyes?
How many times do you have to tickle a squid to make it laugh?
How do you fit an elephant in the subway?
What did the blind man say to the deaf man?
What do you call a hot chick in Boston?
Why did the Egyptian spit out his water?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
Why did the Cell Tower Cafe get bad reviews?
What's the last thing that goes through a bug's head as it hits the windshield?
What do you call a woman on her period?
What do you call a non-violent venereal disease?
Why does James Brown like South Korea?
What is worse, ignorance or apathy?
When are they going to bring slavery back?
What's the difference between communism and capitalism?
What starts with 'F' and ends with 'K'?
Can somebody help me debug Malaysian Flight Simulator?
What did Batman say to Robin before Robin got in the car?
What did the autobots call Optimus Prime after he died?
Where do bears go after smoking some weed?
What's the difference between Father's Day and Mother's Day?
What do you call a gay dinosaur?
What do you get when you cross a pyrotechnician and Mexican food?
Why can't Asian parents make a white baby?
Do you need a bag?
What do you call breads ability to smell?
What is Superman's greatest weakness?
If I say “Someone else’s God”, Then say “Dammit” Is it still a sin ?
How did the Jewish man take advantage of the wasted girl at the bar?
Why doesn't India celebrate halloween?
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb?
What is the fiercest animal in the savanna?
What did the Mexican firefighter name his sons?
How much did Juan weigh after eating Chinese food?
How many lawyers does it take to change a lightbulb?
Did you hear about the constipated math teacher's problem?
Why do hot girls always go for assholes?
What are the similarities between fat chicks and bricks?
What did the fish say when it bumped its head?
What food guide does a Chicagoan need in Japan?
How do you prepare corn like Sean Connery?
What did the farmer say to Lil Jon?
What's your best one-liner?
What is the difference between jelly and jam?
What gets bigger every time I watch my neighbor undress in her bedroom window?
Why did the brother octopi look so alike?
What did the black horse name its daughter?
Why don't cannibals eat clowns?
How many Software Engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
Did you hear about the government funded study that found that vicious but restrained dogs could have a sobering effect on people using LSD?
What do spinach and anal sex have in common?
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion?
What is the hardest thing about eating a vegetable?
What did Mustafa's dad say after he founded Turkey?
What do you call a Latino on a trick bike?
What do you call it when Batman skips church?
What do you call lesbians doing karate?
What is the difference between a sock and a camera?
What did the mother bullet say to the father bullet?
Why did the plumber cry?
Why are Muslims so good at driving at night?
How many dads does it take to change a light bulb?
Why does snoop dog carry an umbrella?
How do Malaysian airlines serve all their drinks?
Did you guys know that diarrhea is genetic?
Why is fishing called fishing and hunting is not called deering or birding?
Do you know what i did the first time i got a boner?
What's red and smells like green paint?
Do you know what band really bugs me?
Did you hear about the guy hit with the 2 x 4?
What's the leader of north korea's wife wear when she's not in the mood?
Do you want to hear a joke about pizza?
Why don't blind people skydive???
Why don't hat store owners and pet shop owner get along?
Why is it called an Xbox One?
What do you call silly pasta?
What do delinquent shapes get up to?
Did you hear about the 4th place winner with the muscle condition?
Why can't French people count to 5?
What is a doctor's most important quality?
How does one robber ask another how they're doing?
How does a Jew make coffee?
What is Reddit's favorite pirate?
What do you get if you cross a rooster with a jar of peanut butter?
New girlfriend?
Why can't Iron Man stay in a steady relationship?
Request: my 4-year-old son is suddenly obsessed with jokes. Suggest some kid-friendly jokes that he can understand?
Did you know Canada was originally going to be called "CND"?
What's the best way to save on toilet paper?
What do you call a coin featuring the image of a spaceship and a rooster?
Why do dogs lick their balls?
Why was the vampire's girlfriend mad at him?
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella?
What is a pirate's favorite letter?
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday?
At what age are musicians the loudest?
How many people do you have to kick out of their houses to have a World Cup?
Why did the relationship between the creationist and Organic molecule not last ?
How many mens' rights activists does out take to change a lightbulb?
How was copper wire invented ?
Hey guys ,wanna hear a joke about a broken pencil?
You know what's funny?
Who always gets to the LGBT rally the fastest?
Why don't witches wear panties when flying?
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist urinating?
How does Mike Tyson track Will Smith in the snow?
What do you get when you put root beer in a square glass?
What do blacks and bicycles have in common?
What did the spice say when it was told it wasn't flavourful enough?
Why did Hitler kill himself?
What's orange and sounds like a carrot!!!????
What's black and never works?
What do you call a single Mexican man?
What is Batman's favorite thing to do with his money?
Do you think it's ok to lie to a girl in order to sleep with her...?
What is the difference between 3 dicks and a joke?
How do you get a fly out of the kitchen?
Shouldn't you pet him first?
Did you hear about the guy who couldn't afford vanity plates?
Hey are you from Gryfindor?
What is the difference between Snow White and Brazil?
What is the difference between Iron man and Iron woman?
How do Russians drive to Alaska?
What's the most popular contraceptive in Israel?
What is more dangerous than a polar bear?
Why did the gamer start working out?
How is a raven like a writing desk?
What do you call a man who loses pounds for a living?
What kind of bug do you find on a long car ride?
Can you tease, please and never squeeze Argentina?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What do you someone with no body and no nose?
Hey can you take the next left?
Do you like pork hocks?
What did Putin say when the world got mad at him for invading the Ukraine?
what do you call a man who has a rabbit up his bum?
Why don't 90 year old women have sex?
Why is an executioner a terrible high-fiver?
[Programming Joke] What method did SFML perform when the Human lost to the AI?
How do you blow a movie quote?
How do you know that you are a redditor?
Why do scientists call Helium , Barium and Curium the medical elements?
Where is the best place to hide something?
Why did so many people show up to see the cannibal get cremated?
Why did the washing machine stop?
What are your best/favorite anti-jokes?
Why is it never hot in churches?
What's brown and sticky?
Why can't your nose be twelve inches long?
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
Why do gay people smoke cigarettes?
What do you call a midnight run to get ecstasy?
Whats a good come back for this joke?
How did the jews fight off Nazis?
If you were a stand-up comic, and you're doing a show for a family at a funeral. What would you're opening line be?
Why did the crazed Packers fan throw out all of Aaron Rodgers's forks?
Knock knock. Who's there? Hotel. Hotel who?
What gave the blonde a stomach ache?
How does a jew make coffee?
Ever heard the one about Superman, Wonder Woman and the Invisible Man?
What do you call a guy with rabbits up his arse/ass?
What do you get a man who has everything?
How do you overcome tyrannical pancakes?
Whats your favourite brand of beer?
Why did the rapper go to Whole Foods?
What did socialists use before candles?
Why doesn't Barbie get pregnant?
Did you hear that the king of the jungle fell into a deep, deep sleep?
[Game of Thrones] How do Littlefinger's prostitutes get in & out of the brothel?
What do you call a nervous javelin thrower?
Why do frat bros hate fruit loops?
What's the difference between a pile of dead babies, and a Ferrari?
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why do mice have small balls?
Why do rednecks hate math?
Why did Johnny Bravo go to the pet store?
What do you call a constipated German?
How do fish make calls?
What was the Neo Nazi's favorite computer game?
What do you call it when you use Icy Hot as lube?
What do you call two black guys walking down the street?
Why did the fat girl cross the road?
What is a ducks favourite drug?
What can turn a fruit into a vegetable?
Did you hear the one about the guy with five dicks?
Why did the meatball chef get fired from the middle school cafeteria?
Why the long face ?
What Time Did Sean Connery Arrive at Wimbledon?
Why is Dave Mustaine described as "heavy metal"?
What's the difference between a Greyhound Bus depot filled with old people, and a crab with DD boobs?
What's more fun then swinging a baby on a clothes line?
How about a dirty joke?
Why is Adam known as the first accountant?
How many goals did Germany score?
How do you catch a unique bird?
Why was the circuit arrested?
How did Hitler masturbate?
What do you call a hobo who becomes a pimp?
Did you hear about the skywriter's autobiography?
Need an Ark?
What did the pig say on a hot summer day?
When is a door not a door??
What did the hurricane say to the coconut palm tree?
(Another nerdy joke) Did you hear the one about the anorexic girl?
Why can't Ray Charles see his friends?
How many Brazilian national football players does it take to change a lightbulb?
How does NASA organize a party?
What do you call a rich South American?
What Is Chutzpah?
Why did the Catholic cross herself?
Why doesn't Waldo wear stripes?
What's the difference between a singer-songwriter and a puppy?
Did you hear about the opera singing monk?
So I guess these Brazillian jokes aren't happening Neymar?
How many sad soccer fans are there today?
What do you call someone who walks into a building full of people?
Why did Brazil lose the World Cup?
What do you call a big pile of kittens?
Did you know Sally Ride had blue eyes?
Did you here about the nun who took up knitting?
What did one tampon say to the other?
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
what do you do if you see your ex , running around in your front yard covered in blood and screaming for help ?
Whats red and smells like blue paint?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do you call an eagle that is sick?
What's the difference between a pimple and a Catholic Priest?
What's the difference between a lawyer and a prostitute?
Why do jews watch porn backwards?
what did the fish say to the jelous fish?
Why are pirates, pirates?
Did you guys hear about the talking polar bear?
what do you call a dog magician?
Did you hear about the new show, Scrabble on Broadway?
What did the tampon tell the other tampon?
What do you call a Punjabi fellow stuck in the middle of a shark-filled ocean?
what is the hardest part of being a pedophile?
What do hackers do when they go on vacation?
Who is a chicken's favorite composer?
What did the suicide bombing instructor say to his students?
what is the best gift for a jehovah's witness?
Dad, can I have another cup of water?
Favorite joke as a kid. How did Hitler tie his shoes?
What did the Queen fans say at the stoning?
Have you heard about the guy who had his whole left side amputated?
Did you know that camels can last longer without water than sex?
What do you get from a pampered cow?
Why was Anakin Skywalker king of the pub crawl?
What do you call a white guy with an air horn?
How do you make a German Shepherd?
Where is Hitler's bathroom?
What do you call a guy that never farts in public?
Why does a chicken coop have 2 doors?
What does sex and banks have in common?
Did you hear the one about Laurence the Roman Pot Smoker?
Why did the chicken kill himself?
Why does C. Ronaldo comb his hair every game break?
Did I tell you the one about the maize?
Why are Firetrucks red?
What's the worst thing about a September harvest?
What does the most interesting man in the world eat for breakfast?
Did you hear about the man whose first girlfriend was a dwarf?
Did you here the joke about the dead guy?
A fly gets hit by a truck. what is the last thing to go through it's head?
What do you call a bunch of Indians running down a hill?
Why would you get mad?
What is brown and sticky?
Did you hear about the kidnapping at the elementary school?
How Much Did the Pirate Charge For Corn?
Why are there no knock knock jokes about America?
Why couldn't JFK become a boxer?
When did mathematicians get their independence?
Why doesn't anyone care about the plot in porn?
Aren't horses just Eunuchorns?
What do you call a german tampon?
What was the name of Europe's most famous Jewish knight?
What's green and has wheels?
What did one eye say to the other?
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do I have in common with Franz Kafka?
What do you call it when a sheep sells his wool for money?
Do you remember when you were a kid and you'd just sit a blow bubbles all afternoon?
How did Jack know exactly where to find the goose in the giant's castle?
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light-bulb?
Why did the cowboy get a wiener dog?
What's the difference between Tim Howard and Jesus?
What do you call a fake record player?
You know what a vegetarian will never get?
Why did the Nazi cross the road?
Grossest Joke I've Ever Heard. What's the difference between Menstrual Blood and Sand?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What do you call a road full of giraffes?
What has 72 teeth and holds back the hulk?
Why shouldn't you eat meat from pot smoking cows?
How many drums does it take to make a good ska band?
How many American golf fans does it take to change a lightbulb?
What is the difference between a drunk driver and a high driver?
How does a young man make an old woman feel young again?
How does J.G. Wentworth tell you that he's hungry?
Why should you never order the eggs while in France?
Why do black people only have nightmares?
What is hairy on the outside, wet and fleshy on the inside, begins with C and ends with T, and has both a U and a N in it?
What do you call a game of basketball between two Mexicans?
Why did the CIA torture the Russian wasp?
What do you call it when a psychic midget escape from prison?
Why couldn't the man open a fish and herb shop?
What do you call a mollusc that's just short of consciousness?
What do you call an amphibian in hiding?
What do you call a thief that leaves a trail?
You know what the doctor told the midget?
What did a lemon with a lisp say to the juicer?
Have I told you how much I don't like the cars that can go up vertical surfaces?
What did the band kid say to the other band kid after she found out he was cheating on her?
What is Miley Cyrus's favorite color?
Best short jokes?
Why did Frosty the snowman pull down his pants?
What did Jay-Z call his girlfriend before getting married?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
Why do white girl groups only walk together in odd numbers?
How many Norwegians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
You know how you'll see something a million times, but can't find it when you need it?
Did you hear the joke about the Dutch speaking farmer?
What's so good about being Swiss?
Do you know where the Belgium waffle design comes from?
What did the college junior say just before her toe was cut off?
Why did the little boy flush a pencil down the toilet?
How did the Mexican want his sex?
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive?
Why Are Demons So Fat?
What did the pirate Louis Riel say to the villagers?
What did the fish say when it hit the wall?
What do black guys do after sex?
What do you call a mexican on amphetamines?
One of my black friends told me this, and I didn't know if I should laugh: What do you call a black hitchhiker?
What do you call a cow that can't produce milk?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
What do you call a black pilot?
How is religion like a penis?
Why is Thors bother so secretive?
What do you call an someone who's an itch that begins with a B?
Where did Zooey Deschanel grow up?
Where do Na'vi go when they get hurt?
What did the bicycle repairman done?
What does the Chinese government call an American with a PhD in physics, math and chemistry?
How many anarchists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call it when a stripper works for free?
What kind of tea is hard to swallow?
What's a pirate's favourite type of weaponry?
How can you tell retarded kids form the art students?
What's the difference between up and down?
what do you call the study of color?
racist joke, any better?
What do you call a flock of crows who are resisting the urge to sin?
Why did the kid drop his ice cream cone?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
What does a guitarist say when he gets to his gig?
Why'd the chicken cross the road?
What do you call a partying Hansen's disease patient?
What did one tampon say to the other?
Why doesn't a chicken wear pants?
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday?
Why did the baker have brown hands?
Why can't anarchists draw straight lines?
What's the difference between a magic show and a strip show?
What kind of Bees make milk?
Why aren't hippies good pitchers?
What do truck drivers and porn stars have in common?
What kind of melons always have big weddings?
Did you hear about the explosion in the cheese factory?
Why do the Amazons like Sundays?
You know whats hard?
Did you hear about the guy who swam the English Channel with no arms or legs?
What do you call the National Conference for Bridgebuilders?
How can you tell the clan of a Scotsman?
Why wouldn't the man dance?
How do soldiers tell if a woman is a genuine Red-Head?
Who keeps the children?
What does Tony Stark call his semen?
Why is the Star Trek enterprise like toilet paper?
What's the difference between a black person and cancer?
What's a gay guy's favorite city in Africa?
Why can't Spongebob make the honor roll?
What is the name of an annoying creature that is notorious for biting humans in the tropics?
What is a cat's favorite vacation spot?
Why do christians avoid trigonometry ?
What do you call a woman leaving an abortion clinic?
Do you know what is laziness?
Why did the blonde climb the chain-link fence?
How do you know if a homeless person has a girlfriend?
What have working for the KGB and oral sex got in common?
What does Mexican binary code consist of?
Why did the tomato blush?
What did the mute say to the priest?
Why is a giraffes neck so long?
How do you get down from an Elephant?
What do you call a gay dinosaur?
What kinda meat does a priest eat on Friday?
What do you call a bra stretched across a road?
Why are cows so horny?
What do you call a turtle with a hard on?
What did the french bloomers say to the sexy thong?
Why didn't the camgirl show up for work?
What's the difference between ignorance and arrogance?
Why do melons insist on having big weddings?
What's the president's favorite vegetable?
Why do guitar amps hum?
Who is this Rorschach guy?
Why do teenage girls seem to always hang out in odd numbered groups?
What's Obama's favorite game console?
What is a Ninja's favorite beverage?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
One of my campers made this up today: What do you call a bear with no teeth?
What did the bra say to the hat?
What do you call someone with no body and a nose?
What did the American football coach say to the Germany coach after losing in the world cup?
How much did Adidas spend in advertising at the World Cup this year?
What do you call a rapper who likes honey for breakfast?
Why did the tea-bag fall down the hill?
What is the most common owl in England?
What is a nomad?
How do you make holy water?
What's the difference between your bonus, and your penis ?
Where do you get sent if you have a brainfreeze?
What did the Pope say to the hot atheist girl?
What's hard, white, and 10 inches?
What happened when the butcher backed into his meat grinder?
Why should you always take at least two Baptists fishing?
What do you buy a recently neutered cat?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
Why should they have hosted the World Cup in a different country this year?
What does the Pope Jean-Paul 2 and the little girl kidnapped by Boko Haram have in common?
Hey world. Can we talk about mustard?
Why was Luis Suárez expelled from the rap contest?
What do you call a blonde who dyes her hair black?
What starts with "F" and ends with "K"?
If I can show you something you've never seen before, can I have my drinks for free?
How do you make your penis bigger?
What are the advantages to living in Switzerland?
Why aren't there any knock knock jokes about America?
What has 3 heads, 2 legs, and 4 arms?
What's red, 6in. long and my gf cries when I feed it to her?
What happens when you join two Koreans together?
Why did the orange fall out with the orange-peeler?
What does DNA stand for?
What's the difference between my grandma and a baby?
How do you know that William Wallace is normally distributed?
How can you tell that your waitress is having a bad day?
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call a woman who wants lots of compensation?
What's the difference between ignorance, apathy, and ambivalence?
How do you use an african man to get people to meet your demands?
What do you get when you cross a ring-tailed lemur with a U-Haul truck?
Whats an Italians favourite part of football?
Did you hear the one about the gay midget?
How does every racist joke begin?
Want to hear my impression of an extractor fan?
What's the worst thing about Mexican and Black jokes?
Why did Jesus not play FIFA World Cup in 33 ?
Why is divorce so expensive?
What do you call a black persons toe?
What did one lesbian frog say to the other lesbian frog?
What do you call a poorly made massive dumpling?
Does your dog bite?
Why does pasta always have to pay so much for car insurance?
Why are gay prostitutes so expensive in China?
Why did the Broadway star with a tiny butt get evicted?
What is a castrated male's favorite operating system?
What do you call an article written about a dead astronaut?
Do you know there is a serial number printed on every condom?
What did the busy port master say to the rowdy pirates who wanted to dock?
How did the depressed man get around town?
My favorite clean joke: What do you do when you stub your toe?
wut equasion do u use when u wanna kno tha prbility that u & ur girl are gonna b 2gether 4ever?
Why did I get divorced?
Why did the cat go to the doctors?
Q. What do you call a black man flying a plane?
What did the Pope say to the hot atheist girl?
What did the old Kentucky colonel say when he got his Viagra?
What's a mathematicians worst nightmare?
You know why the Germans lost WWII?
What did the boulder say to the other boulder?
Why doesn't Ronald Reagan drink orange juice?
There was a question about Greece's economy in a German maths exam. What was it worth?
How many Latin Americans does it take to change a lightbulb?
What does a black man do after sex?
What do a three paragraph term paper and a 5'2" Mexican have in common?
What did the cannibal get when he was home late for dinner?
What do all 'Tickle Me Elmo' toys receive before leaving the factory?
What's the main difference between light and hard?
What do you call a missing shape?
What's the difference between England and a cup of tea?
How do you tell an Italian has a flat tire?
What is Arnold Schwarzenegger's sexual orientation?
What do you call a terrible performance of Han Solo: The Musical?
did you hear about the agnostic dyslexic insomniac?
How does the moon cut his hair?
What do you call an integral that doesn't like derivatives?
What should you do when you see a blond with a pin in her mouth?
What's the difference between lobsters and crabs?
What's worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm?
Have you heard about Corduroy pillows?
What's the difference between an oyster with epilepsy and a prostitute with diarrhea?
What's orange and sounds like a parrot?
What did the father lightning bolt do to his son when he miabehaved?
What do you do when you see a space man?
Why did the nigger walks into a bar?
What does a nosy pepper do?
Wanna hear a joke?
What's the dumbest animal in the jungle?
What do you call a group of millionaires sitting around watching the NBA finals ?
What do you call an Englishman in the World Cup final?
Whats the hardest part about being a pedophile?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
How does Bran Stark get into a whorehouse?
What's better than winning the Special Olympics?
A gay deer eats what ?
What about the two old ladies who brought a bottle of whiskey to the baseball game?
What's the difference between England and a teabag?
How come when a woman is pregnant, people rub her tummy...?
What did the buffalo say before sending his son off to college?
How many Jews does it take to fix an oven?
What did the grad students call the new Asian post-doc?
Whats the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
[OC] Did you hear about this new restaurant they're opening called The Glory Hole?
What do you call a crossdressing nanny in Martha's Vineyard?
what did the priest say before he ate his salad?
What's the difference between England and a tea bag?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
What do you call a black guy who just graduated from medical school?
What is it called when two tectonic plates have a romantic relationship?
What does spinach and anal sex have in common?
Why isn't Helen Keller a good driver?
What's red and bad for your teeth?
Why did the elephant sit on the marshmallow?
What instrument does the uterus play?
What is it that separates humans from animals?
who says homosexuality isn’t a decision?
Did you hear about Lance Armstrong having a threesome?
What is the speed limit of Sex?
Whats the difference between acne and a Priest?
Why should you never play poker with African cats?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
What's good about Switzerland?
What's the difference between a crackhead and a John?
How many performance artists does it take to change a lightbulb?
How did the hillbilly find his sister in the woods?
What did the Urologist tell his newly accepted resident?
Two kittens are sitting on a roof. Which one falls off first?
What's the difference between UFOs and an honest politician?
Why are 90 degree angles so cocky?
Did you hear about the skydiving company that stopped providing their own parachutes?
Why Do Elephants Have Big Ears?
Why did the kid with muscular dystrophy want to be an astronaut, a doctor, a lawyer, and a NASCAR driver when he grew up?
did you see Iran play in the world cup?
What do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking?
What is the worst thing about people who don't finish anything?
How is Harrison Ford like the Reddit admins?
How do you make a Swiss Roll?
Where are your buccaneers?
Cloudy with a chance of meatballs?
Why did the atoms cross the road?
What do you call a nursing bear?
What kind of underwear do old people wear?
How are Roman Polanski and pimples similar?
why don't vampires go to frat parties?
Why was Snape in the middle of the road?
What do gay horses eat?
Why is the love of a woman with 20 children magical?
Just made this one up... Q: What's a theater student's favorite drink?
What do you call a senior citizen from Mexico?
What's a good example that oil is a bad lubricant?
What's the great thing about 25 year olds?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
Why do tigers always beat cheetahs at hide-and-seek?
What did the DJ say to the jazz musician?
Why did that animal's wife get a divorce?
Why shouldn't you get a Bachelors in Science?
What's the difference between a woman coming out of church and a woman taking a bath?
Did you hear about the fire at the circus?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
What does a piano, tuna, and a bucket of glue have in common?
why didn't the cannibal want to be late to dinner?
How do you know when you're in a true, tough lesbian bar?
Have you ever heard about the man who wrote the funniest joke in world?
What's the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker?
What's black and hard?
Have you ever heard of a torture device called a Chinese finger trap?
Why are there no knock-knock jokes about America?
How should a doctor treat a patient with Mesothelioma?
Why is Jesus bad at crossword puzzles?
Where do people in Ghana go to watch football?
How do triangles communicate?
How do you measure how funny an electrical engineer is?
What do you call a mexican with a rubber toe?
What should I buy for dinner?
What has 9 arms and sucks?
What celebrity is most likely to stab you?
Why did the porn-star get hit by a bus?
Can a ninja throw a star?
What did Jay-Z call Beyoncé before they were married?
Why did the bread machine go to see a therapist?
Is giving birth more painful than getting kicked in the nuts?
Why can't the Chinese be Nazis?
Did you ever blow bubbles when you were a kid?
Why do lesbians have cats?
Hey did you hear the punchline about the scary cow?
Why was the young strawberry upset?
What is worse than a worm in a cherry?
Whaat do you get when you cross a Swede and a Norwegian?
What's the difference between a nun, and a prostitute in a bathtub?
What term is used to describe a phenomenon where a European mans ejaculates prematurely?
What is Sherlock Holmes' favorite tree?
How to blind parachutist know they're close to the ground?
What do you get if you take off the red dot on the Japanese flag?
Have you ever smelled mothballs?
Did you know that calculus was never taught in southern schools before the 1960s?
How do you get a Jewish girl's number?
What's yellow and lives off dead beetles?
What's the difference between hazelnuts and deernuts?
What happens when Bosnian terrorists start attacking municipal government buildings?
What did the salesman at footlocker say to the customer?
What is the proudest body part?
Why did the girl fall off the swing?
What do you call a funny jar of mayonnaise?
What is something that is always heard but never seen?
Why did the blonde get fired from the M&M factory?
How much power does a hearse have?
What do you call a space pub filled with white chicks?
How do you make a fireman cry?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
Why can hipsters listen to Michael Jackson again?
What's Adolf Hitler's favorite letter?
What do you get when you mix S&M with R&B?
Where does a divine beaver live?
What's the difference between a freezer and a faget?
Did you hear about the two radio antennas that got married?
What did the tampon say to the other tampon?
What's the worst part about locking your keys in your car, outside of a planned parenthood center?
What do you get if you take off the red dot on the Japanese flag?
Whats the difference between a boner and lamborghini?
Why didn't the tree get any presents for Christmas?
I made up a joke: What did the physicist say to the Jedi?
What do you call someone who believes rotten eggs smell bad, but doesn't care?
How do Frenchmen share files?
What is a menstruating woman's favorite genre of movies?
What do you get when you boil tree trunks with sugar?
Where did Napoleon keep his armies?
What is the world coming too?
Did you hear George R R Martin committed suicide?
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer?
what do you get when you give chimp bluetooth?
Why did Waldo wear a striped shirt?
Knock Knock* Who's there?
What happens when you piss off a pepper?
How do you get Squirtle, Charmander and Pikachu onto a bus?
How do Germans tie their shoes?
What town in the continental United States produces the most alligator pears per year?
What do you call an orgy with five black people?
What did Patrick Stewart say when he proposed to his wife?
What's Sean Connery's favorite sport and when does he play it?
What's the most offensive joke you've ever heard?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What came first the chicken or the egg?
What's the worse quality of a hermit crab?
What type of fruit is not allowed to get married?
When does Sean Connery like to show up at Wimbeldon?
What was the yacht doing while it played heavy metal music?
What was the name of Russia's first female traffic cop?
What does Batman do for Father's Day?
What's the difference between a Triscuit and a Lesbian??
What did the lesbian vampire say to the other?
What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea?
What do they call Bro Chads in the U.K.?
Have you guys heard the joke about the broken pencil?
What do Tiger Woods and baby seals have in common?
Why did the Raisin take a Prune to the Prom?
Why couldn't the drummer make it to the show?
Why do they call the hardest group, "The Group of Death"?
Why did the lone dolphin stop swimming?
What do ducks smoke?
Why should you never trust atoms?
Why did the semen cross the road?
Why did Demi Moore replace Sarah Jessica Parker in Wild Oats?
How many Polaks does it take to come up with heliocentric theory?
Why couldn't Batman go to the movie?
What did the boy with no arms & legs get at the World Cup?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when he and his friends decided to dress up as famous composers for Halloween?
What is green and flies above Poland?
How do you get your girlfriend to stop smoking??
What do you call a wireless network that goes down?
What's the difference?
What do Americans call the summer holidays?
Did you hear about the dog who had sleep apnea?
How do you know if someone is half texan and half Canadian?
What do vegan zombies say?
Why don't they teach sex ed and drivers ed at the same time in Mexico?
Why does Yoda like sheep?
Why does the U.S. Navy use powdered soap?
Who's Becky, Stan?
Why don't Americans get knock knock jokes?
Why wouldn't Samus go below Brinstar?
What's harder the softer it gets?
What did the bad soccer announcer get for Christmas?
Why do white girls only go out in odd numbered groups?
What's brown and sticky?
Why did the fish fall off it's bike?
What is red and bad for your teeth?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How do you catch a unique rabbit?
Not a joke, but just wondering, am I the only one who reads these jokes in a Southern accent?
Why did the cowboy buy a dachshund?
How does a Jew make a cup of tea?
Does anyone know where Engagement, Ohio is?
What country does fried fish swim in?
Why are people leaving the Ukraine?
How is being a pimp like being a farmer?
Want to hear a joke about pizza?
Where do rabbits learn to fly?
How do you drown a hipster?
Hey have you ever tried puppy love?
What is Pinocchio's favourite kind of sex?
Why do Lannisters hate turtles?
What is a nation inhabitated and reigned by stoners called?
Did you know that New York has two capitals?
Why can't you find any painkillers in the jungle?
Did you hear about the Mexican train robber?
What would bears be without bees?
What do you call a kid with no friends!?
How do the people of northern Iraq manage to get so much done?
How many Freudians does it take to change a lightbulb?
What does the nosy pepper do?
What do you call a one-legged Asian woman?
How do you kill a circus?
What do you call a cassette single of The Proclaimers' hit "I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles)"?
What do you call a cow with three legs?
You know what's stupider than a cow?
What is the best thing about having sex with twenty-five year olds?
What monsters are all the tools in the toolbox afraid of?
how do you catch a unique cat?
Did you hear about that Hollywood actress who got stabbed?
What did the fish say when he ran into a cement wall?
Have you heard the one about the angry mob?
Why do hens sit on eggs?
What drink did the vampire order at the bar?
What do you call Dracula when he goes swimming?
How does Moses make tea?
Why did the students need a ladder to get into school?
Why does the ocean roar?
What did the kid who could see dead eskimos say?
What do jokes and penises have in common?
What did the mother say to the child who refused to eat his fossil for dinner?
What is the difference between Game of Thrones and Twitter?
What does Mortal Kombat and a church in Helsinki have in common?
How many lawyers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call a farmer who's excellent at what he does?
Did you hear about the new Mike Tyson computer?
How was the Roman Empire cut in half?
Why did the old man hate living next to the tennis courts?
Have you heard the latest Unitarian Universalist miracle?
Why did the skeleton not go to prom?
How many Kings of Spain abdicated last week?
Why do black people put their garbage in clear trash bags?
What do old people smell like?
What did Lorde say to her sister when, seven minutes and fifty-five seconds into watching Pulp Fiction, they were kidnapped by an evil warlock who said that he would turn them into the last food they heard someone else talk about, and she asked Lorde for reassurance that everything would be okay?
What do you call a gay dinosaur?
What's the worst part about getting a lung transplant?
What is the difference between a fly and a mosquito?
What is the difference between a blonde in a church and a blonde in the bath tub?
What is long and hard that a Australian bride gets in her wedding night?
Why did Moses vote for Al Gore?
Why did hitler killed himself?
What do you call a two-headed lesbian dinosaur?
Why are so many Mathematicians vegetarians?
Why Can't you see the bacteria in milk?
Did you hear the one about premature ejaculation?
Want to hear a bird joke?
What type of meat are your calves made of?
Why is a bear brown?
What is long and hard that a Polish bride gets on her wedding night?
What is the definition of a farmer?
What's the most depressed thing in the bathroom?
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many friend-zoned guys does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call a Jewish incendiary device?
What do you call it when a Cat wins a Dogshow?
Ever wondered what your nose is for?
Why does Tumblr hate symmetrical shapes?
What do you do with dead atoms?
What's the Middle East's favorite candy?
What did Iocaste say to Oedipus when he dropped his plate?
What did one architect say to the other?
What do you call a fake noodle?
What is the difference between a woman on her period and a terrorist?
What did the old chimney say to the younger chimney?
(GoT Joke) Why did the King's Justice join Run DMC?
Where is the first tennis match mentioned in the Bible?
You have a donkey and I have a rooster. Your donkey eats my roosters legs. What do you have?
Go to racist joke, what's yours?
What does the leper say to the prostitute?
Why did Simba have trouble returning to Pride Rock?
What do you call two banana peels?
What does rock music and my grandpa have in common?
What's the difference between boogers and rice pudding?
Why did Tigger get stuck in the toilet?
How do little german children tie their shoes?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
1.What is Bruce Lee's favorite beverage?
Why do computer programmers spend so much time in the shower?
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer?
[OC]What do you call a shrunken walrus?
What's the difference between a toilet seat and dinner?
Did you hear about the man who proposed to his long-distance girlfriend?
Why do Marxists drink herbal tea?
What's it like having sex with a wave?
Did you hear about the penis-less man that got excited?
Why did Ernest Hemingway kill himself?
Where's Eritrea?
Why did a pile of gravel go to jail?
What do you call tree sap that won't stop running?
What's it called when two strains of a disease are identical?
How did the media know JFK was cheating on his wife?
What do you call a stomach ache you get from eating a Cuban sandwich?
Why is the universe expanding?
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a grape?
What do you get when you cross a mosquito and a mountain climber?
What's the difference between David Blaine and the NRA?
Why did the burger sit beside the telephone?
Have you heard about the gay Chinese prostitute?
What do you call a fly with no wings?
Did you hear about the Kool-Aid Man?
What's Hellen Keller's favorite color?
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when he got asked to play in a film about classic composers?
What's the difference between a cock and a sausage roll?
What else do you need when you use your Batman shampoo?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
Why does an elephant have four feet?
What did the pulse say to the legume as he left?
What mental illness does Hank Hill have?
What do you get when you combine a penis and a potato?
What do you call a classical composer's butthole after a night of bad Mexican food?
Is the penis a muscle or a bone?
What made Tesla successful ?
How did robbers gain entry to steal from Miley Cyrus?
— Dad, what does «indifference and incompetence» mean?
What do you call Nashville's Junior Hockey League?
Where are chocolate coins made?
What does a flaky boyfriend and constipation have in common?
You know what they say about living on Navy ships?
(OC) Wanna know my secret to not catching STD's?
Why did Holden Caulfield hate his job at Sprint?
The most offensive jokes thread?
How do you catch a Polar bear?
How does the butcher introduce his wife?
What's Putin's new favorite song?
Why are the Irish so rich?
Did you hear that they are building massive oscillating blades in New York?
What is a crossbreed between an elephant and a rhinoceros called?
What are some good deli related jokes?
want to hear a dirty joke?
Where is the only place engineers are considered artistic?
What do you call it when a gangster accidentally kills a fellow gang member?
How many Dragon Ball Z characters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What did the celebrity say to the tabloid?
Why do Scots fuck sheep at the edge of a cliff?
Why dont Demons fear oxidation?
How many feminists do you need to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the most Jewish instrument?
What's Snoop Dogg's favorite time of day?
What does a chicken call its backpack?
What is the difference between a brothel and a circus?
Why do soccer announcers make terrible business executives?
How many lawyers does it take to shingle a roof?
Why do white girls walk in groups of odd numbers?
How can you tell if your buddy is gay?
T NOW! what do we want?
Why is Six afraid of Seven?
Why did the boy like doing trigonometry?
Where does the president keep his armies?
Why do hockey players always make terrible birthday cakes?
Why did the Libertarian cross the road?
What did one ocean say to the other one?
Why did Skrillex lose his job at Long John Silvers?
Where did the hamburger go to dance?
What's the difference between batman and a black man?
What did Pythagoras say about the pyramid scheme?
Why is there cotton on top of the pills inside a pill bottle?
How many literalists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why are Jedis allowed to use negative numbers?
What do you call a middle eastern sorceress?
Whats the difference between Game of Thrones and Twitter?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
what the cell say to its sister cell when she stepped on his toe?
What do German women's lingerie and Africa have in common?
What's red and bad for your teeth?
What do you call a broken can-opener?
What do you call a pirate that pees on other people?
Who decides which weeds to kill in the garden?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl use the bathroom?
How do you get a 300 pound woman into bed?
Why do men like blowjobs?
What time is it when twenty dogs and one cat get together?
What do you call a robber telling a falsehood?
Is that dog poo?
What do you say if you're testing a new firearm?
Have you ever seen an elephant hiding in a tree?
How do you get an elephant across the freeway?
Why are cars in Russia so slow?
What's the hardest part of breaking up with a leper ?
What do you call two gay Irishmen?
Why did the blond snort NutraSweet?
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday?
How does moses make his tea?
What sound does a Hispanic pacman make?
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
Why did the condom fly out of the window?
Why do beaches not get sarcasm?
What does prison have in common with biology?
What do you do if you come across a lion in the jungle?
Did you hear about the German doing an impression at the talent show?
What's a pirate's favorite rapper?
Whats green and goes through walls?
What do you call a stingy douchebag who likes plants?
What did Mary say the first time she changed Jesus' diaper?
Why does carpet never make a sound?
What do you call a lazy fan of the old Price is Right?
What did the curtain rod say to the blinds?
Stop me if you've heard this one: When is a door not a door?
What do you get when you breed an elephant with a rhino?
What is a jewish golfer's favorite vegetable?
What does a physics cow say?
What are goosebumps used for?
What is Gordon Ramsay's least favourite subreddit?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
Why did Steve Jobs decline chemotherapy?
What's a Yankee?
What kind of pants does Mario wear?
What do you call an overpriced circumcision?
What's brown ans sticky???
How does Mulan's boyfriend explain himself when she caught him smoking pot?
What's the difference between a taxidermist and a tax collector?
Why is Six afraid of Seven?
Why was the orphan so successful?
Why would Rip Van Winkle make a good janitor?
what is big data ?
Whats the hardest part eating a vegetable?
What is the difference between a terrorist hideout and a school?
What is will?
What's the difference between a tire and 365 condoms?
Why do Avon Ladies walk funny?
What did the Mother say to her son when she saw him eating cookies for breakfast?
What's black and white and eats like a horse?
How many friend-zoned guys does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do making love in a canoe and Budweiser have in common?
What company spent over $6.2 billion in buying Viagra?
What is the difference between an American rabbit and a French rabbit?
what are some funny jokes you know?
What do Micheal Jackson and caviar have in common?
What do Alexander the Great and Winnie the Pooh have in common?
Did you hear about the blind man walking past the fishmonger's?
What did the donuts do on their date?
Why couldn't the whistle blower make it home for the holidays?
What part of the body never wins?
Wanna hear a dirty joke?
A Sexist Joke: Why are women bad at parking?
What did Australian Jesus say after the Last Supper?
What did the Mexican firefighter call his son??
What kind of boxes do gay boxes like?
Did you hear about the new restaraunt on the moon?
What did the Mexican say after two houses fell on him?
How would the Mexican Star-Spangled Banner begin?
Why don't people from Yorkshire use deodorant?
What did the kleptomaniacal compulsive liar say when his beekeeper friend asked him what he was running away with?
Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl go to the toilet?
What is half the diameter of a radish?
How is a Ska band the opposite of a rhinocerus?
What is it called when buckets of paint conspire with each other?
You know what doesn't suck?
Did you hear about the guy who took some dude's ear off with a vacuum cleaner?
Why do medicine boxes always have a little bit of cotton in them?
Why do Hippies love Didgeridoo?
Why are ska bands so clean?
What's a magician's favorite Mexican dish?
Why did the semen cross the road?
How many nice guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What did terrorists used to call Fidel Castro?
Why are camels called the ships of the desert?
Why did Mrs. Piggy's relationship fail?
How do you describe the facial features of a man who shaves with sculpting tools?
What do you call it when a valley girl gives blow jobs for Louis Vuitton's?
Who did Fat Albert accuse of leaving a burning cross on his lawn?
Where to stand as a teacher?
What do you call a trailer park in a tornado?
What's the difference between Mike Jones and Michael Jordan?
Why doesn't Magneto wear his old costume anymore?
What is someone doing when they are disposing of diseased radishes?
What's the difference between jam and peanut butter?
What did the Kiwi say to the Jew?
How does a barber avoid getting hair in his food?
How many communists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Ever heard a joke about a mime?
What would you call a supervillain that could control every part of the electro-magnetic spectrum except 495-570 nm?
Can I use cash to pay for a new electric car?
Is it okay to hate a certain race?
What is the difference between 2 dicks, and a joke?
What did the diva with Alzheimer's disease say?
What does a baby computer call it's father?
Waiter: How did you find your steak sir?
Have you heard the one about the roof?
What does a vegetable use to change a flat?
Why are Jews so good at making action movies?
What do you call an incestuous nephew?
Why doesn't George RR Martin use twitter?
What do Justin Timberlake and Theon Greyjoy have in common?
Why was the meeting for impotent men cancelled?
Why did the tomcat get sent to prison?
Did you hear that they exhumed the body of John Lennon?
Why do you have to take more than one Baptist with you when you go fishing?
How does Moses make tea?
What's the difference between a golfer and a skydiver?
What does Tom Cruise have in common with gay porn stars?
Why was the ground all white after Custer's last stand?
Why do Russians have so many bear fighting stories?
What kind of bees produce milk?
What do you call a baby deer's droppings?
What is the radio operator's favourite romantic story?
How do cats park their cars?
How do u castrate a priest ?
What did Tom Riddle's calculator tell Harry Potter?
Why did the pervert cross the road?
Why do hippies wear pachouli??
How many ska kids does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do the Welsh call a sheep when it's tied to a lamp post?
What's the difference between a Taliban outpost and a Pakistani Elementary school?
Did you hear about the cannibal?
What's Masta P's favorite fruit?
Why do sorority girls travel in odd numbers?
What has 100 teeth and keeps Godzilla at bay?
What do you call a fish with no eye?
What is the hardest part of rollerblading?
Did you hear about the kidnapping at the school?
What do you call a Chinese lady with one leg?
Why did the pig walk into the kitchen?
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court?
How did the hillbilly find the sheep in the tall grass?
What does a sandwich filling share in common with Joffrey Lannister?
What is the only part of a vegetable you cannot eat?
What's a priest's favorite X-men?
Did you hear about the corduroy pillows?
Want to know how copper wire was invented?
Why did the semen cross the road?
Did you hear about the new emo pizza?
What's the difference between a nun and a woman in a bathtub?
How many Tourette's suffers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's a pirate's favourite letter?
What is a ducks favorite snack?
What do buccaneers let off on bonfire night?
What language does a Jewish homo speak?
Did you hear about the one asian guy who failed calculus?
How many men does it take to change a lightbulb?
Knock knock. Who's there? 9/11. 9/11 who?
What do you call a burning white guy?
Have you ever heard of the ckicken plant?
What's the difference between an epileptic farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea?
What do a burnt pizza and a baby have in common?
Why is it tough to make it as a pornstar?
What do you call a well-rounded porn star?
Just wrote this one about my esteemed profession. How many lawyers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Did you hear about Evel Knievel's cousin Klu Klux Knievel?
What is it called when a Jewish woman ovulates?
What do a mystic and a hot dog vendor have in common?
Did you hear about the plane full of anorexics that crashed?
What's the difference between a pick pocket and a peeping tom?
what is a gays least favorite fruit?
What do your mom and monkeys have in common?
What country is the most fragile?
I psych student posted this joke on Facebook and I don't get it, can someone explain?
What do you call a red headed baker?
Why did the turkey get kicked out of the football stadium?
Son of a beech?
How many Redditors does it take to change a light bulb?
What do Harry Potter and Kermit the Frog's penis have in common?
Did you hear about the pornstar in court that was tried by a group of his peers?
Why do cows wear bells around there neck?
What do you call a burning rocket?
Why did the redneck Father walk his kid to school?
How do you spell it?
Did you hear about that new movie about Hitler?
How manny women dose it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's the difference between a fox and a pig?
Did you hear about the kindergartener with a bad knee?
How many tutors does it take to make a wild dog literate?
What do you call a duck that likes to steal?
What did the cat say when I shut him in the refridgerator?
Why does Anders Brevik oppose gassing the Muslims?
Why are native South African Tribesman immune to lightning?
Is Monica Lewinsky good at the piano?
Did you hear the one about the Viking who was reincarnated?
Whats the difference between a hooker and a lawyer?
What do you call a German think tank?
What's a Jackhammer's Best Friend?
What's a good Mexican joke?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
What do you call a turlte that flies?
What's brown and sticky?
What's the worst part about being a redneck?
What kind of bird does 2 Chainz own?
What's does the self reliant alcoholic Rabbi Pedophile do in his spare time?
what do you call a bear without an ear?
What's the difference between having a son and having a daughter?
What is the difference between a hormone and an enzyme?
What do you call a greedy marsupial?
Why was Stalin literally worse than Hitler?
Have you heard there's a new disease you can get from using Linux?
How many Freudian analysts does it take to change a light bulb?
What did the cucumber say to the salad?
Why did sally fall of the swing?
Why did the sun wear sunglasses?
Did you hear about the Shaman?
What is worse than a worm in your apple?
What do you call a fake noodle?
How does a stripper find jobs?
What did the NSA agent say when the blizzard hit?
What did a piece of tofu say when it got dirty?
What's the difference between Barbara Walters and Oprah?
why did the scarecrow get a promotion?
What is a carpenters dream girl?
How many Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why can't you tell jokes to a Nympho?
What do you call a blonde that dyed her hair brown?
Why was Oedipus against profanity?
What's the shortest Tom Cruise joke?
How do pirates know they exist?
What does a Catholic priest and a silver medalist have in common?
Why do chicken coops have only 2 doors?
What's better than winning gold in the Paralympics?
What's a redditor who makes pirate jokes' favorite letters?
What's the difference between a whore and Nickleback?
What is the main ingredient of a fractal fondue?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
How do you calm down an astronaut?
What do pirates do on Saturdays?
Why is your cat at school?
Why did the nun always go to the same bar?
Why does Helen Keller masturbate with one hand?
What did the pirate say after his first-mate stuck the wheel in his pants?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
Well, I guess I'll jump on the pirate train. What's a horny pirate's worst nightmare?
Do you know what a pirate's favorite letter is?
Another pirate joke. What is a pirate's favorite letter of the alphabet...?
How is a pirate like a trumpet player?
What do you say when the Batmobile drives by?
A New Rap song from a friend-what do you think?
Why to Native Americans wear Jockstraps?
Q: Why do Chinese noodles make the best lovers??
What do you call Magic Johnson in a wheel-chair?
What do a weather man and a fat penis doctor have in common?
Another Pirate joke?
Why was the composer late for work?
What is a guy who rubs bear toes called?
Since We're Doing Pirate Jokes. What Does Every Pirate Hate?
How many sorority girls does it take to change a light bulb?
What finally killed Captain Hook?
What should you never say to a brony?
Can't whistle?
What are some good 'your sister jokes'?
Why don't golf courses ever serve sandwiches?
What's a hippie's favorite animal?
What'd the leper say to the prostitute?
What do women and floor tiles have in common?
What did the Shepard say when he saw the sheep?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
Why are pirates called pirates?
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
What do Jewish pirates wear?
How do you know when someone is a single mother?
What do you call a sentinel with three hands?
What's the difference between a stadium full of Dallas Cowboys fans, and 90,000 buckets of shit?
what causes arthritis?
What do Ethiopian's and a pair of jeans have in common?
What's brightly coloured and looks good on raver kids?
Why do Irish stew recipes only call for 239 beans?
What's the difference between a gorilla and your mother ?
What do you call a guy that overeats for the sole purpose of getting stomachaches?
What do Vietnamese historians and Southern rednecks have in common?
Jokers of Reddit, any good blonde jokes or punch lines out there?
What do you do if the lights in a Chinese food restaurant are too bright?
Why can't Jewish people view pornography??
What noise does a witch make when she's flyin around?
Why do teenage girls hang out in odd numbers?
What is the fastest thing in the world?
What's the cheapest kind of meat?
Do you want to hear the funniest joke in the world?
Did you hear about the country adopting a "Get to it Later" policy?
What did the Giant say to the cripple?
How do Mexicans cut pizza?
What's the difference between a weasel and a stoat?
What do you get when you mix a joke and a rhetorical question?
Why did no one trust the dermatologist?
Why do teenage girls hang out in odd numbers?
What do you call a waffle that's been buried in sand?
What did the hero say during the September 11 attacks?
Did you hear about the big marijiauna company scandal?
What's the policy at French morgues?
The difference between a wife and a mistress?
What do you call a group of Beavers?
What's the last thing to go through a fly's mind when it hits your windshield?
How Do You Make A Blind Man Angry?
What's the sharpest thing in the world?
Why did the condom suddenly go flying across the room?
Why do black people put their trash out in clear plastic bags?
What's the funniest joke that doesn't reference itself?
Why do white girls always stay in groups of odd numbers?
What sound does a shotgun make?
What do radical feminists and Game of Thrones have in common?
What do you call a picture of Simon Pegg's brother?
what do you call 4 mexicans in a sinking boat?
What do you say to a robot with a good looking bum?
[meta] why did the chicken cross the road?
Why did the monkey fall from the tree?
Whats the ducks favorite drug?
What do you call a racing horse that's never been groomed?
What should you do if your girlfriend is choking?
What do you call a red lemon?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What's green, has four legs, and will kill you if it falls out of a tree?
What do you call Chinese woman with one leg?
Are you nerd ?
How many pornstars does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
Why is there no such thing as an epileptic exhibitionist?
Why does Godzilla go to temple?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the restroom?
You know what Popeye and Napoleon have in common?
What do you call a relative of a nap?
How are tornadoes and women alike?
What's the difference in a voyeur and a thief?
What happened to the religious idol when it was put up at auction?
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs who plays the piano?
What did the stuttering Mexican say to his friend when he tried to steal his food?
What do you call a promiscuous fat woman?
Whats the best part about getting a blowjob from a baby?
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Neil Armstrong?
Anal Lube?
What's the difference between a JCB and a giraffe?
Why do they have fences around cemetaries?
How might a Nazi judge something?
Why Should You Never Marry A Tennis Player?
Who wants gold?
What did Sweet Potato Yahweh say?
What do you use to compare and contrast nordic cultures?
Bar joke - What's the difference between the dog and the fox?
Which came first: the chicken or the egg?
When is a door not a door?
Have you guys heard about the Indian coat check?
What's that one place in Thailand called?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
Why don't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom?
What's the difference between a dead baby and a stick?
Have you heard the joke about the sky??
What did the viola say to her daughter before crossing the street?
Why was George Washington buried on Mount Vernon?
What do you call a pirate who is lost at sea and has to drink his own pee to survive?
Did you know there's a species of antelope that can jump higher than a two story house?
What do call a potato that knows martial arts?
Reddit, what is your best one-two line joke?
Why should you never date someone with a lazy-eye...?
What do you call a Russian with three nipples?
Whats the best thing about being a siamese twin?
Since women are shorter....are they more genetically suited to scrub the toilet?
What do you call a Yugoslavian Pimp?
What happens when you play a country song backwards?
What would you call Neil Armstrong had he burnt up in the atmosphere returning to earth instead of landing safely?
How do you find Will Smith in the winter time?
Why do seagulls fly over the sea?
What do you call a hirsute ceramicist?
If you're American outside of the bathroom, what are you inside it?
Want to hear a joke about Potassium?
How is an accordion like an artillery shell?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
What do you call the total pay from your jobs as a garbageman, a sewage plant worker, and a drug smuggler?
What do you call a belt with a clock?
Why was the baby strawberry sad?
What do you call a flesh light powered by your smartphone?
What's the difference between Mike Tyson and the iPhone 4s?
How many bricks do you need to screw in a lightbulb?
Why couldn't the bicycle stand on its own?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Whats the difference between Shaq and Koybe Bryant?
Why did the Rams give Michael Sam #96?
What's the sound of a water truck hitting a vinegar truck?
Why do you duct tape guinea pigs?
How can you tell if someone's a Vegan?
Why did the man use deodorant to fix a broken window?
Did you hear the one about the Mormon porn star?
What is the best gift you can give your girlfriend for your anniversary?
Did you know that beer contains female hormones?
Have you heard my unemployment joke?
Someone explain this joke to me?
What do you get if you cross Doc Brown and Jay-Z?
What did the banana say to the vibrator?
What was Jesus's least favourite exercise class?
Why do java coders wear glasses?
So why don't Southern Belles attend orgies any more?
Which part of a billiards setup can you use to clean your ears?
What's the difference between a Bald Eagle and an American?
What is the difference between pot and pussy?
What's large, gray, wrinkly, and not important?
What is brown and sticky?
How much does a hipster weigh?
How do pirates measure rope?
Why did Michael Sam, the first openly gay NFL player, say he doesn't shop at Sports Authority?
How much of Canada has a person from Iqaluit seen?
What do sex and air have in common?
What do you call a man with no arms or legs playing in the leaves?
Did you know Achilles was a runway model?
Why sacrifice virgins?
What do you call a Serbian who won't clean his room?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil?
What's the most confusing day in a Mormon home?
Why did the elephant paint his balls red?
You guys hear about the gay midget?
Did you hear about the midget fortune teller who escaped from prison?
What do you get when you win the laziest man in the world contest?
Did you hear the Russians tried to invent a new sport?
Why do they call it a pap smear?
Why did the hipster go to the gynecologist?
Have you heard about the guy who reanimated the dead?
What is a Pokemon master's favorite kind of pasta?
What do you call a bartender giving two dolphins a drink?
How do you give a lemon an orgasm?
Where does an Afghan boy go during a drone strike?
Would you tell me your street address, please?
Have you heard about the Viagra shipment that was stolen?
Why did Heisenberg have a miserable sex life?
Wheree did the king keep his armies?
What is it?
Did you hear about the chemist turned stand-up comic?
What do you call a 2x4 that lost its family to a fire?
What do you call a psychic midget that escaped from prison?
What do you call a gay dinosaur?
What does a cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend?
Why would a porn site that only focuses on flight attendants be really successful?
What do you call an ant that's walking in perfect form?
what did the jewish child molester say?
How many Alzheimer victims does it take to change a light bulb?
What is a shitzu?
What do you call the crazy people who always hang out with musicians?
What does a drill with a dildo attached to the end and watching golf have in common?
What would batman do if he wasn't rich?
What's Whitney Houston's favorite car?
How did the medical community come up with the term "PMS"?
Oh my gosh! Did you hear about the corderoy pillow?
What was Beethoven's favorite fruit?
Why don't chickens wear underwear?
What did the snake priest say to the snake groom after the marriage?
How many social justice warriors does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the similarity between 6th Sense and Titanic?
Why did the stoner put laxatives in the pot brownies?
All human females should be exterminated at menopause to reduce bitchiness?
What do you get when you cross a Jehova's Witness with a Hell's Angel?
What is the difference between an ounce of cocaine and an infant?
Flirty sex jokes, eh?
What did the chick pea say when it got a stomach ache?
What do crackheads, hookers, and mobsters have in common?
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic ocean with the Titanic?
What's dark, empty and going no where fast?
How many?
Why do black people take such good care of a Chinese baby?
How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why does the nurse always carry a red pen while at work?
Ever been to the Tower of Pisa?
Did you know that heaven and hell are actually right next to each other?
What do a lonely astronaut and your thumbs have in common?
What do you call a baker who doesn't make bread?
Why is buying a macbook like using a high end prostitute?
what's the fastest animal in the world ?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
How many feminists do you need to replace a lightbulb?
When is it okay to kick a midget in the balls?
What were people doing during the last ice age?
Why do Jews watch porn backwards?
Why should you never mess with an angry dysentery patient?
Hey girl, are you a grape?
does anyone know a knock knock joke that's actually funny?
What's green, fuzzy, has four legs, and if it falls out of a tree onto you it will probably kill you?
Did you hear about the albino fortune-teller who died in the house fire?
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination?
Gayfish?
What did the bottle of milk say to the Mexican?
What type of bagel can fly?
What do you get when you cross Miley Cyrus with an alligator?
Why don't they have phone books in China?
What's everyone's problem with euthanasia?
Why don't they have a Phone Directory in China?
Why do white girls always hang out in odd numbers?
How does Moses make tea?
What do you call a threesome with two guys and a girl?
What do you call a communist pirate ship?
What are the 4 dirtiest streets in Philadelphia?
Want a screwdriver?
OC: What does a limo driver and a hairy stripper have in common?
How much sex does a sister of the church get?
Did you hear Tarantino is making a documentary about the Catholic Church?
What kind of cheese do rich people eat?
Why can't ducks tell jokes when they fly?
What gym did Socrates go to?
What's the difference between a baby and a salad?
Why did the blind kid fail geometry?
Why do Native Americans make the best strippers?
What's the most dangerous animal in Alaska?
What did Mr. Burns bring to the pot luck?
Why did the bald man paint rabbits on his head?
How does a prostitute make more than a drug dealer?
What do a gas pump nozzle and a penis have in common?
My cousin was one of the most ambitious people I ever knew. Unfortunately, he struggled with depression. His life motto?
What do engineers use for birth control?
Where do you put the Duke?
What do you call a movie set during a woman's menstral cycle?
What vegetable was on the badge in the cab?
What's black and doesn't work?
What would LMFAO's hit song be called if they were Russian?
What's honey mustards least favorite holiday?
What does Optimus Prime say on 4-20?
What can give you life, but also kill you?
What does it say on Billy Mays' s tomb stone?
[Original] Why do the majority of web programmers choose the PHP programming language over plain HTML?
Why was 5 afraid of 6?
What do you get when you combine a rhetorical question and a bad joke?
Why are most blacks Catholic?
Why come cats purr?
What do you call a pirate having sex?
How many ears does Spock have?
Can you touch your dick to your asshole?
Did you hear about the terrorist who was sent to blow up a car?
Why couldn't Hellen Keller drive?
Whats the difference between a priest and acne?
Did you hear about the fly on the toilet seat?
The shortest sentence in the English language is "go." What is the longest?
What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt have in common?
Kentucky Derby trivia - Why don't female jockeys shave their pussies?
What's the difference between a honda and a Porsche?
How can you tell if you have a high sperm count?
What's the difference between yogurt and semen?
Why did Harry Potter buy so many golden snitches?
Why did the boat know it had a leak?
How do religions reproduce?
What did the physicist have for lunch?
WHat's the worst part of being a black jew?
How did the shattering glass get everyone's attention?
What did one orphan say to another?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
What do you call an Israeli rooster?
What did JFK say after banging Marilyn Monroe?
Did you hear about the christian rapper who went missing?
Have you heard about the Rabbi who did circumcisions for free?
How do you fit 10 lbs of shit into a 5 lb sack?
Did you hear about the scientist who accidentally tripped into his cloning machine?
Why was 2 afraid of 4?
Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl going the bathroom?
Did you hear about the guy who brought a ladder to the bar?
Why doesn't Jesus buy beer?
How did the Jewish terrorist die?
What's the difference between a queer and a refrigerator?
Did you hear about the leper whose wife died in a tragic car accident?
What's the best thing about fingering a gypsy woman who's on her period?
What does the cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend?
Why does a giraffe need such a long neck?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl taking a whiz?
What is the cheapest way to blindfold an Asian?
Why do you never have sex with someone's ear?
Are you gonna eat that?
What is a pirate's favorite letter?
Why did the Mexican Army only bring 5000 soldiers to the Alamo?
You know why cannibals don't eat divorced women?
What do you call a rabbit with fleas?
Wanna hear a joke?
What is a pirate's favorite element?
Why did Albert Einstein marry his cousin?
What does the "B" in Benoit B Mandelbrot stand for?
What is eternity?
Whats the difference between your Mom and the Pringles guy?
What do you get when you cross a horse and a donkey?
Which punchline do you like better? What do you call a nun that sleep-walks?
How did Jesus like his chicken?
How do you make a man from New Zealand fall asleep?
What is Jesus's go-to pickup line?
What did Sting say to his proctologist?
What so you call a bulldog mixed with a shih tzu?
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a fish?
What do tight jeans and a cheap hotel have in common?
Why Do Women Complain The Toilet Seat Isn't Left Down Yet Men Don't Complain The Toilet Seat Isn't Left Up?
[OC] Hey, do you wanna hear a joke about a condom?
Why do girls always walk around in odd numbered groups?
What do you call a cancerous growth on a clown?
What do you say to an airplane when it gets mad?
Why do Russians love pho?
How many potatoes does it take to kill am Irishman?
Whats long and green and smells like pork?
Why do you think this joke is funny?
What is the difference between a gay man and a hot dog?
What do you call a policeman with a thing for MLP?
Why can't a schizophrenic kleptomaniac become President?
Did you know that the Supreme Court is just a regular court with sour cream?
What did the tv say to the remote control?
What to gay men call hemorrhoids??
What do you call a shifty midget in a police line up?
What's the best thing about living in Switzerland?
Did you hear about the blonde that tried to enter a weightlifting competition?
What's the difference between a park bench and a writer?
If I have three bags of sour skittles and a child steals one bag of my sour skittles. What will I have at the end of the day?
Did you blow bubbles as a kid?
How do u get a pool table to laugh?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What is both a fruit and a vegetable?
What's the difference between pea soup and roast beef?
Why do Native Americans hate April showers?
What do you call a guy who's rolling around in the grass early in the morning?
Did you hear about the constipated math professor?
Did you hear about the man who had his entire left side removed?
Why did the scarecrow win an award?
what did the man say when he couldn't get frea with his dog?
Why is the bride always sad on her wedding day?
What's an Irish seven-course meal?
What's the best thing about fingering a gypsy on her period?
Why does the noble gas always cry?
What's the difference between a buffalo and a bison?
What did the blind, deaf and dumb kid get for Christmas?
Why did little Susie fall off the swing?
What do you call Raggedy Ann, in a puddle of mud, with a stone in her mouth?
What do you call a blind Australian Crocodile?
Why did Jill fall off the swing?
[META] What would you think about a monthly "best joke" thread?
What did the elephant say to the naked man?
Are people in wheelchairs okay with jokes being made about them?
What did the boy with no hands get for his birthday?
Why don't lawyers have sex with their clients?
What's a bear without an ear?
What did Noah do with all the poop?
What keeps running and doesn't get tired?
What do you call a vegetable who has escaped prison?
Why are knives always the funniest students at utensil school?
Why are white girls so odd?
Why do you call an angry bear?
Did you hear about gay Santa?
What's the difference between a priest and acne?
What do you get when ant's parents won't let him marry his girlfriend?
Have you heard the one about the ceiling?
What's black, red, and blue all over?
How do you top a car?
Why did Oscar Pistorius shoot his girlfriend in the bathroom?
How do you make holy water?
Have You Heard The One About The Sheep?
What do bulls do math with?
What's the difference between clever and stupid ?
What do you call a cheat sheet you use for a Philosophy test?
Did you hear about the scarecrow who won the Nobel Prize?
How do you say goodbye to a calculus teacher?
How did the girl end up with ninja jizz on her face?
What do you call a german who is afraid of enclosed spaces?
Have you guys heard of the new ska/dubstep band?
[OC] What is the gay community's favourite type of question?
Why did the one handed man cross the road?
What do you call a cow that's had an abortion?
What should you do when you are cold?
Why do hummingbirds hum?
Why don't old people have sex?
Why do Jews only read the Old Testament?
How do you make a little boy cry twice?
What's three times worse than OCD?
What fried food will shut your neighbor's dogs up?
Have you heard the joke about the cloud?
What was the slogan for Shakespeare's camping shop?
What did the divers find the sunken Korean ferry had hit?
Why should you not let your kids go to Korean Discos?
What's got two legs and bleeds?
What do all Amish women want?
Did you hear about the Kidnapping?
What do Will and Jaden Smith like about today?
Why does the Easter Bunny hide eggs?
What do you call it when plants bang?
Why are blonde jokes so short?
What seemed to be the parrots problem?
What do you call a bunch of white guys in a burning building?
What's the difference between zombies?
What did the field say to the farmer?
Why don't Korean captains wear hats?
How do you turn a cobra into a rattlesnake?
What is it called when you mix Alcohol and Literature?
What is the most sensitive part of your body when masturbating?
Why doesn't Sherlock Holmes pay any income tax?
What do you get when you cross a hit of acid with a birth control pill?
Whats long brown and sticky?
What's the difference between a faggot and a freezer?
Why can't Irish people become lawyers?
Why was the heroin dealer arrested at the basketball game?
Moms have Mother's Day and dads have Father's Day. What do single guys have?
Why don't the Amish waterski?
Why are there a lot of problem gamblers in the Harry Potter universe?
What's your favourite priest and a rabbi joke?
What's yellow and smells like a zebra?
Where is Benedict Arnold's favorite place to shop for groceries?
What do you do when a Chemistry teacher dies ?
Whats the perfect place to hide a body on the internet?
How did Hellen Keller's parents punish her?
If the sign says "don't feed the fishes" then what can you feed fishes anyway?
What is the difference between a seal and a sea lion?
How can a room full of couples be empty?
What do you call the Spanish Government?
Why'd the chicken cross the road.?
Why is Jesus terrible in bed?
What caused the civil war in Ethiopia?
What did the Easter egg say to the boiling water?
My mom's favorite Easter joke: Why does the Easter bunny hide Easter eggs?
Why does a Jew moan when he has an orgasm?
How do you organize a party in space?
What is so bad about being half black and half asian?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
How many Mormons does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why doesn't the Easter Bunny make noise when he has sex?
What did Donkey Kong say when Mario asked him for help for some schoolwork?
Why does the Easter Bunny go around hiding all those eggs?
What do you call a masturbation session that ensued while doing maths?
Why is a train a bad person to go to the bar with?
How do mathematicians deal with constipation?
what happened to the cow when it jumped over the barbed wire fence?
What do you call a hooker who likes noodles?
What is it called when someone overdoses on ecstasy?
What's your favorite dirty joke?
How do you cure the hiccups?
What do a Caucasian woman's breasts have in common with clouds?
What did the Buffalo say to his son when he left for college?
Why is Santa Claus' sack so big?
What happens when Kim Jong-un gets sick?
What happened when the Eskimo teens went clubbing?
What is the difference between a teacher and a train?
Why can't the drums never stop?
Did you hear about the new show about a camel on a cow ranch?
Did you hear about the woman who used a fake name and married a renown psychologist?
What do you call a cute shortcoming?
How do you make a latte?
Why did the photographer get arrested?
How did you get your girlfriend to have sex with you while she was on her period?
What's the difference between a kid and a cat?
Why should you never shout at a pirate?
Why are there no painkillers in the jungle?
What do you get when a cow jumps in cold water?
What type of cheese can you see in a mirror?
Why couldn't Beethoven find his music teacher?
Did you hear about the blind circumciser?
Why don't black people sleep well?
I believe there was a request for white jokes?
Why do rapists go after fat women?
What do you call an invisible mom that got a sex change?
Why do Communists drink herbal tea?
How are mashed potatoes similar to an online college degree?
Why Don't feminists make good botanists?
What do Little Miss Moffat and Saddam Hussein have in common?
What do you call a pony with a cough?
What do you call a brother and sister rack of ribs??
Jokes about white sugar are rare, but brown sugar?
Can February march?
April showers bring May flowers, and what do Mayflowers bring?
Which of the Knights of the Round Table actually created the round table?
What do you call a chocolate moose?
How do you know you let a hippie stay at your house?
What do good dragons read when they are pregnant?
Why can't white girls finish their sentences?
How do you tell a hypocrite from a normal person?
What does 80 year old pussy taste like?
what do you call bees on halloween?
What is Whitney Houston's favorite kind of coordination?
Why do white girls walk in odd numbers?
What do you call the Mexican KKK?
Did You Ever Stop And Think??
Did you hear about the priestess who accidentally healed the evil darklord?
Which guy to marry?
Why shouldn't you play against Adolf Hitler in Madden?
What does Professor Xavier say when he wants to be tickled?
Why doesn't Oedipus curse?
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe?
Why was the legless man immortal?
Do you know what evil kisses sound like?
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, agnostic and a dyslexic?
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a fish?
What's the difference between Canadians and Americans?
What do you find at the end of a double rainbow?
Why was the blonde nymphomaniac sad after she got her driver's license?
Why would two melons in love hate their parents?
A car in mouse's clothing????
What happened when the reporter fell into the water?
How do you fit 50 elephants into a subway station?
What shape is your hair in the morning?
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella?
What's the difference between a horse dick and a joke?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
If April showers bring May flowers what do Mayflowers bring?
Why did the hipster burn his tongue on his cup of free-trade coffee?
I asked my phone what its favorite joke was: What did Cinderella say when her photos didn't arrive on time?
What is your favorite "There are two kinds of people..." joke?
What did the doctor say to the terminally ill deaf patient?
Which part of a vegetable is the hardest to eat?
What's the difference between Walk of Life and Washington state?
When do Jews go swimming?
How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What is the difference between one night stand, long relationship and marriage?
Is Schrödinger's cat alive?
OC: after talking with my buddy, I thought of this. how do you know if some does crossfit?
What do you call it when an Italian has one arm shorter than the other?
What do toy trains and boobs have in common?
From my History class about elections: If a country is 80% Hindu and 20% Muslim, who wins?
Why was Jesus in such good shape when he died?
Having hearing problems?
Why did the lion always lose at poker?
Why were the sneakers so sad?
What's a musician's favourite kitchen utensil?
Why do monks wear the same clothes every day?
Why can't the average white girl pass Math?
What motivated Hercules to face off against Cerberus?
What has nine arms and sucks?
What is easier to pick up the heavier it gets?
What did the sea-world trainer's friend say to him after he spilled water on his friends lap?
Why do white girls always travel in odd number packs?
What beverage does Bruce Lee like to drink?
How are pimples and a priest different?
How many ants are needed to fill an apartment?
What happened with the wooden car with wooden wheels, wooden seats, and a wooden engine?
Why do white girls walk in odd numbers?
Why did the two chicken crossed the road?
For my food service workers out there: How many servers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
why do mice have such small balls?
What do you call a nun who is outside her local calling area?
What did the flower say to the bicycle?
Why did the Xbox owner cross the road?
Do you guys have any clean ish Super Hero jokes?
How do you tell a good farmer?
How do you get a man with only one arm out of a tree?
What if earth rotates 30 times faster?
Why do French tanks have rear-view mirrors?
What sort of soup do men make most often after sex?
Why are women like parachutes?
What do you call someone with one arm and no legs?
What do you call a mentally ill person without arms and legs?
What do you call a math teacher that assigns graphs with holes and assymptotes on tests?
What do women and grammar Nazis have in common?
Why can't your wife make crispy bacon?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
Why couldn't the bike stand up?
Why are there no elderly people in Africa?
Are people with OCD upset that those letters aren't in alphabetical order?
Why do so many people like hanging out with Mr. Mushroom?
Where do young cantaloupes go in the summer?
Did you know Helen Keller had a swing in her backyard?
Why do Leprechauns laugh when they run?
What's the difference between a muddy bicycle and a ditzy lesbian?
Why do teenage girls travel in odd numbered groups?
First cannibal: Am I late for dinner?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
What's the difference between a male and female table?
Have you heard the joke about Murphy's Law?
Did you hear about Medusa's short lived stand up career?
How did Moses make his coffee?
How often do airplanes crash?
What do you call a russian bull?
Did you hear about the movie with the Red Tractor?
What do women and KFC have in common?
What's the difference betweens jews and Santa-Claus?
Why don't skeletons get sick?
How do you know your sister is on her period?
Have you heard of the movie called "Diarrhea"?
What do you call a sauna massage?
Did you hear Kevin Trudeau is working on a new book?
What do you call a monkey in a minefield?
Did you hear about the white supremacists chemist with a lisp?
What's the only thing better than a gold medal at the Paralympics?
What do you call someone who wears a diaper fashioned from a map?
Which four-member rock group doesn't sing or play music?
What did the statue say to the chair?
You know what I love about cafeterias?
How long does a dog's bark last?
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
What do you call a fat psychic?
What did the bullied microchip say?
Why wouldn't you hire bears from Australia?
What is a printer's favorite Village People song?
Did you hear about the duck with a drug problem?
What do you call a judge that doesn't have any fingers?
What did the turtle do when he ran out of gas?
How do you move a 2000 lb dinosaur?
What's the opposite of Christopher Walken?
Why don't Mexicans blow their noses?
What's the Difference Between Steve Jobs and Bill Gates?
How does an atom with bad grammar respond to an order?
Did you hear about the man in Philadelphia who had a phone stuck up his butt?
Did you know Justin Bieber has an 8 inch cock?
Hey reddit, ever hear the one about no and me neither?
what happened when the blond tried giving her boyfriend a blowjob while he was driving?
What did the redneck say to the Frenchman?
Why do the Lannisters have such big beds?
Why do teenage girls hang out in odd-numbered groups?
How many dead prostitutes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you get when you cross a lesbian with a hippopotamus?
What do you call an Ethiopian taking a shit?
Why did the scarecrow get promoted?
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle?
What do a man and a rubix cube have in common?
Where do ants keep their armies?
What did the idiot do after seeing a joke that wasn't very funny?
Why did the man with one butt cheek get fired?
What do dumbfounded people eat for desert?
How do you say "Fuck you" in American Sign Language?
What's the difference between toilet paper and a shower curtain?
what was adam's nickname for eve?
What rhymes with freedom?
April showers bring may flowers What do may flowers bring?
X post from meanjokes: michael schumacher regained consciousness today, have your heard how the doctors did it?
Why couldn't Mewtwo move?
What do you call two gay Irish partners?
What do Pink Floyd & Dale Earnhart have in common?
Where do poor meatballs live?
What kind of tea do wealthy people own?
What do you call a guy with a rabbit up his arse?
Did you hear about the guy that got trampled by the triplets?
What's the difference between golf and sky diving?
Why do record collectors have bad sex lives?
Why do Native Americans hate snow?
Where does Amy go after the explosion?
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What does a man with a 9 inch penis eat for breakfast?
What do Indian movie stars play at the beach?
What do 7 million Chevy's have in common?
What do call a girl that eats pastries while browsing the internet?
You know how you keep an asshole in suspense?
What does the B in Benoît B. Mandelbrot stand for?
What's funnier than a dead baby?
What is the size of women in Italy?
What do you call a skinhead underwater?
Did you hear about the 2 guys who stole a calendar?
Why do women wear makeup and perfume?
What did one fish say to the other during the race?
Why does China care so much about money?
Why are all comic book readers drug addicts?
Why do asians got to the hospital after voting?
So, how do you make your truck look like Lance Armstrong?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the difference between a wheat thin and a lesbian?
How do you get a witch pregnant?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Why do old men take Viagra?
What is a printer's favorite type of jelly?
What do you call a psychic midget that just escaped from prison?
How do you know your friend has been at the gym?
What's the most fun a monk can have?
have you found Jesus?
Did you hear the one about the three holes in the ground?
Was your ass freed from enslavement?
What do you call a sleepwalking nun?
What do you call it when a flight attendant gets pregnant?
What do you call a stampede of mexicans running away from a snake?
How many bottles of beer does it take to kill someone?
How do you stop a Polish battletank?
What does Mrs. Potato Head call her husband's penis?
What do the French have between the 2nd and 3rd course?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What did the photographer say when he retired?
What is your funniest joke about the French?
What kind of Dog does Homer Simpson have?
How do you confuse a retard?
What's the difference between a computer program and global warming?
Is your refrigerator running?
Why can't you tell jokes in base 8?
What do you call it when a girl throws a tantrum during her period?
why did the cookie go to the doctors?
What did JFK say about his multiple affairs?
What's the difference between Black man, and Batman?
What steps do you take if you encounter a bear in the wild?
What's the difference between a hockey player and a French woman?
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg?
What Do You Call Giving a Dutch Guy a Gun?
What did the super smart dude say to the moron?
What do you call it when a chameleon won't change colors?
How many sound guys does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's the difference between a basketball player and a mexican?
What do you call a fat Chinese person?
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm?
My boyfriend didn't think the joke I made up was funny - what do Jews call Jesus?
What happened to the guy that was trimming some bushes and accidentally sliced off his left arm??
What do you call a second hand gold necklace?
What do fat chicks do in the summer time?
What's the difference between a plumber and a scientist?
What did one cell say to his sister that stepped on his toe?
What do you call a man with a seagull on his head?
What do you get when you order a JFK?
What did the chill pigeon say?
What do you call a Jew with heartburn?
Why was Edward stuck at the Russian airport?
Knock knock! Who's there? Orange. Orange who?
Why did the Hippy Drown?
(OC) What do you call Helen Keller punching someone?
Why did the hipster burn his tongue?
Why did Hitler kill himself?
Did you hear about the vintage attaché with a perfectly working clasp?
Back in the 60's all these people were making tons of money selling cocaine and weed and stuff so how did a big group of dweebs get in on the action ?
Why did the hipster drown?
What does a sick deception eat?
What's the difference between magic and black magic?
What do you call an Eastern European cashier?
Who do you want on your basketball team in heaven?
What is springy and springy?
What's the difference between a surgeon and God?
The NSA can see our emails but can they see why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch?
What do you call a constipated detective?
What do you get when you are the daughter of Rodney Dangerfield and Aretha Franklin?
Who do you call to clean up foul language?
How do you get 30 drunk Canadians out of the pool?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What does Tupak Shakur have in common with Lethal Weapon 4?
How do you know if a homeless man has a girlfriend?
Did you hear about the clam that could play violin?
What do you call a wannabe model?
What do alcoholics and necrophiliacs have in common?
How many Bolsheviks does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Three bloody tampons are walking down the street. Which one talks to you first?
What looks like half a sandwich?
Why is divorce so expensive?
If you have have a small green ball in one hand and another small green ball in the other, what do you have?
What's the difference between Biggie Smalls and Charlie Chaplin?
Have you heard about the guy who finally overcame his coprophilia?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What's the only thing in Australia that won't kill you?
What did the businessman say to the other businessman?
What do you call a fruit that argues against the position it supports?
What did the String Theorist say when his wife caught him in bed with another woman?
What's the deal with airline food?
What is the best pickup line at a gay bar?
Why were the Middle Ages called the Dark Ages?
Whats the Slogan for every I.T. Department in America?
Why has the Malaysian Government banned Cheese Boards?
Would you go into the woods?
Is your name Malaysian Airlines?
What's the best insult you can say to someone?
What do you call an armless obese jew?
What does a brick and a fat girl have in common?
What does a butler call his employer named mr. Bates?
Have you guys heard the secret about butter?
Did you know the host of the Discovery Channel's show Dirty Jobs has 2 degrees?
What do you call a black guy whose hitch-hiking?
What body part grows ten times its size when stimulated?
What can happen when a car breaks down?
How many jugglers does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call an alcoholic Mormon?
Why was the comedian with bad-ended jokes unpopular?
What is the difference between a chickpea and a lentil?
Why hasn't any lawyer ever been bitten by a shark?
Whats the difference between an Introverted Engineer and an Extroverted Engineer?
A cabbage and a carrot get into a race, who wins?
What do deer and women have in common?
What's the best thing about picking up a homeless chick?
What Did the Fish Say When He Swam into a Wall?
And how would you like that cooked?
Why didn't kids make fun of argon in high school?
What kind of environment do hobbits live in?
What do you call a group of cows robbing a Skyscraper?
What's the #1 song in Ukraine?
Why are Fiat cars named as such?
What's the difference between OP and a brick?
Did you hear about the locomotive that always did what it was told?
What do you call a pony mixed with a robot?
What do you call a homosexual in a wheelchair?
What is recursion?
why do you put a baby in a blender feet first?
Whats the number one cause of paedofilla?
What do you call an Asian woman with one leg?
Did you hear Lorain Labbobit died in a car accident last week?
Where does bad light go?
Why do optometrists enjoy nautical jokes?
if you open Door.jar, is the door still ajar?
What's green and smells like bacon?
What do you call two Mexicans playing volleyball?
What do you call a midget with a dildo on backwards?
Why did Popeye beat up the Pope?
What's the difference between Mormons and non Mormons?
What's the hardest thing about eating vegetables?
What is the hardest part of twerking?
Have you ever smelled molasses?
What do you call the annual cat beauty pageant?
Working Redditors: What is your favorite joke about your own profession?
Know any good jokes about running?
A joke from Pakistan: What did the ant whisper into the elephant's ear that made the elephant faint?
What's the best part of an asynchronous dog?
Why was the blond late on her first day of work?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
(not sure if repost) What do you call a black man that drives an airplane?
Why are jalapeños so annoying?
What do Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common?
You know what they say about assumptions, right?
How do you spell Canada in Canadian?
What did the constipated maths teacher do when he got stuck?
What is blue and smells like red paint?
What's the most sensitive part on a female dinosaur?
What language do pirates speak?
Why shouldn't you enter into a contract with Wolverine?
Male logic!! is it working?
What was Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination?
What happens when you throw a black rock into the Red Sea?
What is the difference between a bus station filled with elderly and a crab with boobs?
What is Santa's favorite music?
What's Brown and sticky?
What kind of food do the cool fish eat when they study math?
What do you get if you squash a house?
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway shopping cart?
How does Popeye lube up his dick?
Why can't you differentiate liberal arts majors?
You ever made love to a man?
What did the kidney say to the other kidney when it failed?
What is invisible and smells like carrots?
Why do black people like fried chicken?
Did you hear about the Mexican killer that owned trains?
Why did the rockstar turkey get kicked out of the concert?
When is the best time to play racquet sports?
If ADHD is heritable, is it therefore energenetic?
Three really fat girls were cramped under one umbrella. Why didn't any of them get wet?
What's the greatest symbol of inequality?
Why did the blonde quit using the pill?
What would the gay guy's version of 50 shades of grey be?
Don't you just hate it when people answer their own questions?
What's the difference between an egg and a wank?
Q: Is it safe if penis is kept in the vagina when sleeping?
Why is your mother like the universe?
What do you call an Irishman who bounces off things?
Why is the number 8 the only number that goes to heaven?
What's the difference between shame and pride?
Wanna hear a good joke?
Did you guys hear about the murderer who stole a train in Mexico?
What's the difference between God and Bono?
What's in an Irish 7 course meal?
Did you know that all Bicyclists are colorblind?
Why did the Crimean run across the Street?
Why couldn't the candle get any sleep?
Would you like a bag with that?
What do we want?
How do you enter an Egyptian's tomb?
How did Hellen Keller's parents punish her?
How much penis?
Why did the baby cross the road?
What did Obama say to Congress when they vetoed Obama Care?
Do you know what they feed you at Guantanamo Bay?
Why do you never see any ancient Central American civilizations anymore?
Why do cowboys prefer wienie dogs?
Why do Russian police officers always work in groups of three?
2 potatoes standing on the side of the road. How can you tell which one is the hooker?
How many climate change deniers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Whats the difference between your mom and your dad?
Did you know that building hospitals next to railroad tracks leads to an increase in the total number of trained doctors?
How can you tell if a duck has soul?
Why did the mushroom go to the party?
What's the difference between a dentist and a sadist?
What kind of a friar loves philosophy?
What's the difference between a male and female chocolate Easter bunny?
What's black and blue and doesn't like sex?
What do you call an orang-utan which has been in the sun for too long?
Why did the semen cross the road?
I shared a shuttle ride today with a linguist heading to Turkey to study Tuva throat singers. (No joke!) I was reminded of this joke: Two linguists were walking down the street. Which one was the expert in contextually-indicated deixis and anaphoric reference resolution strategies?
Why did Liberace like playing the piano?
What do you call an Egyptian with a gastrological disorder?
how do you make a conedian and a coke dealer hate you?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
What do you call an Aztec Mayan snake god tied in a knot?
what do you call a gay drive by?
How many potatoe does it take to kill a Latvian?
What type of tree doesn't remove active torrents?
What do you call a dance party in Colorado?
How many terrorist jokes are there out there?
Why did the pig break up with her boyfriend?
What would you call Hitler if he had a child?
Environmental Impact ??
What's the biggest advantage of being a smoker?
How can you tell if a redditor is a pedophile?
What do you call a group of rioters attacking a music store?
Who is this Rorschach guy???
Why did the archaeologist go bankrupt?
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells?
How do you confuse a blonde?
Why do prison guards use Proactive?
What do you call a bear with no teeth?
What do you do when you get to the top of the world's tallest mountain?
Did you hear about the recently unemployed electrician?
What did Stephen Hawking say when his computer crashed?
Texan: So where you from?
You know who the most popular guy at a nudist colony is?
Why was "C" afraid of the rest of the alphabet?
Did you hear about the guy who used 20% of his right not to incriminate himself?
Why wasn't Jesus born in Ireland?
Why doesnt Justin Bieber shop at Modells?
How do you find the blind guy at a nudist colony?
How do you install "blackout curtains"?
What's the difference between a redditor and a dead baby?
Have you heard about the corduroy pillows?
Why did the midget get kicked out of the nudist colony?
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe?
Did you hear about the joke about the broken pencil?
What do clouds wear under their pants?
What did the clock do after the good meal?
How can you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber?
Did ya hear about the Mexican who kept washing his dog?
How many graduate students does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many Canadians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why didn't the Jewish Boy Scout come home?
What breaks when you give it to a toddler?
Why do Indians get cremated at very religious places?
Do old people wear boxers or briefs?
What's long and hard on a black man?
What do you get when you inject human DNA into a goat?
What are some good fruit jokes?
Why could the crab not find a pair of shoes in his size?
What's the difference between an egg and a wank?
Why don't the French enjoy travelling to Northern Ireland?
Do you know what my favorite Jews are?
How do people usually feel after touching an electric fence?
What does Snoop Dogg do when he forgets to put on oven mitts?
What do you call a man without a beard?
What's gray and comes in quarts?
How many homophones does it take to change a lightbulb?
How do you titilate an ocelot?
You know who's a real motherfucker?
How do you cut off a redneck's dick?
What do you call a retard who is super high?
Did you hear about the epileptic snake?
Why is the alcoholic law student sad?
What do you call a woman with a very round head?
What's brass and sounds like Tom Jones?
How do you kill an Argentinian?
What do you call a punk band that knows how to play their instruments?
Where in Eastern Europe does Justin Timberlake like to kayaking?
What did the chicken say after it's wings caught on fire?
Why are there no Motown artists from North Korea?
What do you call a parrot wearing a raincoat?
What does a moped and a fat lady have in common?
How many prostitutes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How do you get the guitar player off of your porch?
Why didn't Karl Marx like Earl Grey tea?
Why is Tina Fey so good with her use of irony?
What's the difference between a jazz guitarist and a rock guitarist?
What happened when the USS Enterprise got a new toilet?
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
Whats a pirates favourite kind of wood??
What do you call someone who hangs around with musicians?
Have you heard the joke about the pencil?
What did the constipated mathematician do?
Why was the electrolytic solution taken to court?
What do you call two chess enthusiasts bragging in a lobby?
What's the difference between your mom and a condom?
How does Yo-Yo Ma answer the phone?
Which year is the most popular?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
You know when birds fly in an arrow formation? You know the reason why one side is sometimes longer then the other?
What do you call a black guy who can fly a plane?
Whats worse than eating 10 oysters out of your girlfriends vagina?
how do you know when a computer geek likes you?
How do hobbit flowers grow?
Where did the general put his armies?
Why do dogs lick their balls?
How do you get down from a horse?
What is the collective term for rams crossed with llamas who work as Avon representatives??
How do you get rid of an itch?
Did you hear about the hamster who died?
What do you call a fake noodle?
What do you call a dead blonde in a closet?
Why are camels referred to as "the ships of the desert" ?
What did the slut's left leg say to the slut's right leg?
What's the best way to make pants last?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do you call a gay dinosaur?
What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone?
What do you call cartoon duck sausage?
What does a fashionable dog do when it gets tired?
Why couldn't the baby Jesus be born in Montana?
What does IRE-1 say to XBP1 mRNA?
Where did Putin tell the protesters where to meet?
What's the difference between "ooo" and "ahhhh"?
You're American when you go in to the bathroom, and American when you come out, but what are you while you're in the bathroom?
What do you call an Italian with a rubber toe?
What is tangled rope in space called?
What is the difference between a whore and a bitch?
How are Polish Girls like Hockey Players?
Prior to officially becoming a part of the United States, what was Oregon like?
What do you call a Mexican at the bottom of the ocean?
[OC] What type of music do Irish people listen to?
Did you hear about the terrorists who hijacked a plane of lawyers?
What did a confused Mexican alphabet say?
Why do sumo-wrestlers shave their legs?
What do you call a pig with no legs?
Why did the fisherman want to go fishing in Alaska?
What is 6.9?
Can we make it a rule not to put anything after the punchline?
What do you call a religious owl?
What do you call a canadian enchilada?
Did you hear that the World Hokey Pokey Champion has died?
Where animal does Russian milk come from?
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist?
What is the difference between a woman and a fridge?
Wat did the romans say when they put jesus on the cross?
Who wants to hear an awesome knock knock joke?
What's another name for the Periodic Table of elements?
Why does a chicken coop always have two doors?
What do you call a Filipino contortionist?
Why doesn't Mexico have an olympic team?
Why do we call lady parts beavers?
What do you call a Hawaiian with a cold?
Did you hear about the cannibal that only ate beans?
What is orange and sounds like a parrot?
Why did the man quit his job at the bakery?
What do you call a fat Chinese man?
Where's the most racist place to focus one's thoughts?
How do you catch a unique horse?
Why couldn't the alcoholic become a lawyer?
Why do Eskimos wash their clothes in Tide?
How does god receive prayers?
What US State has the smallest soft drinks?
What did Naruto say at his mentor'a funeral?
What's a baker's favorite part of Manhattan?
What's the difference between ironman and ironwoman?
What has 12 breasts and 24 teeth?
What do you get when you put an idiot's brain in a female golden retriever?
What's black and white and black and white and black and white and green?
What happens when you take the tea away from your guest?
Why couldn't the American fly home from Russia after the Olympics?
What is Jesus' favorite mathematical operation?
How do you split Rome in half?
What did the mushroom say to the chef?
What's the best part about dating a homeless chick ?
What kind of bees eat brains?
What's the best part about having sex with a tranny?
What do you call it when a Sith goes to a Galleria?
[OC] What's Elton John's favorite kind of conditioner?
What's the difference between lust, love, and just plain showing off?
Why dont bicycles pedal backwards???
An Italian and a black jump out of a tree. Who lands first?
Why are all updates to Apple stuff piratical?
Why did the 2 stem cell researchers get a divorce?
Why did the Death Star hire a lot of football players from Thailand?
What goes "quick, quick"?
Did you guys hear about the man with the wooden leg named Smith?
What do you get when you drop a Hawaiian pizza?
Have you heard about the condition that causes your penis to ejaculate when submerged in water?
What do you call a homesick Asian?
How do you confuse a palaeontologist?
What do reddit and Playboy magazine have in common?
What do you call a pony with a sore throat?
Did you hear about the boy born without eyelids?
What is better than getting a gold medal at the paralympics?
What is a pirates favorite letter?
What do you call an alligator that wears a vest?
What do cannibals eat to freshen their breath?
Why was Samuel L. Jackson picking up ladies outside of the abortion clinic?
Why don't southern belles go to orgies any more?
How do you make a redditor impatient?
What starts with E, ends with E, and only has one letter in it?
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
How do you know you've satisfied a redhead?
What do gay horses eat??
What do Mexicans put under their carpet?
why do black people only have nightmares?
how does rex reclaim make his music?
What is a nudist's favourite alcoholic drink?
What do rednecks call the BATF?
Which pizza shop's business is like it's name?
What do you call someone who discriminates against certain groups of rappers?
Why did the numbers 25, 36, and 49 go to the dentist?
Why does Waldo wear stripes?
how are high schoolers similar to women?
What do rodents with an inclination towards mathematics use for their auctioning needs?
What do you call it when Shatner takes a shit?
What's the difference between you and a bucket of shit?
Hey, which is the best/funniest stand up comedy you've ever listened to?
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
whats a similarity between colorado and saudi arabia?
What's the difference between an introverted scientist and an extroverted scientist?
Do you know what happens when you don't pay your exorcist?
What did one termite say to another in a burning building?
What's the name of NASA's launch button?
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's Fuzzy, Smokes, and Comes in Cubes?
What is green and eats nuts?
Did you hear about the blonde who tried to blow up her car?
Whats black on top but white on bottom?
What does a mexican Highlander say?
Why don't Muslims fill out online forms?
What kind of baby appears when an Eskimo and a Japanese person have sex?
What do a prison and a concentration camp have in common?
What's the difference between Det. Rust Cohle and a psychopath?
What do you call re-arranging the layout of your network?
What's the worst STD you can get from a black man?
Why does America have so many boasting Republicans?
What's the definition of a woman?
What sort of crime is it if a neckbeard commits murder?
What do hemophiliacs and virgins have in common?
Why do Gypsy's walk funny?
What's the difference between a penis and a red light?
What did the bear do to be labeled a hipster?
What do you call a high definition piss?
What do you get when you mix a joke with a rhetorical question?
What's your favorite city in Thailand?
How many animals can you fit into a pair of pantyhose?
Why'd Sally fall off the swing?
What do you call a math teacher who's really into BDSM?
How do the Chinese pick a name for their child?
Why did the chicken commit suicide?
What's Captain Picard's favorite game system?
What did the ambitious suicidal person say?
How much money do hookers with shallow vaginas make?
Did you here that Lorena Bobbitt got killed in a car accident?
Whats the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?
What was the last thing that Columbus said to his sailors before getting on the ship?
What is Viagra for lesbians called?
What's the dirtiest or sexiest joke you have ever heard?
How many people does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's the difference between a tea bag and a used tampon?
Ever heard of the band called 1023 Megabites?
Why do proctologists like Facebook?
What's the only thing better than Roses on a Piano?
What did Cinderella say when she reached the ball?
How do you make a patty melt?
What kind of dog can jump higher than a building?
What did the elephant say to the naked man?
Did you hear about the drummer who fell and hit his head?
What's the difference between the lavatory and the cemetery?
What's the difference between a tribe of wild hunting pygmies and a Women's roller derby team?
Why did two ferrets decide to meet?
What's the difference between Ann Coulter and shooting arrows at lovers?
What do a wedding and a funeral have in common?
What do Nagasaki and Tehran have in common???
Why do french tanks have rear-view mirrors?
Why shouldn't you use red, white, and blue paint in a watercolor?
How do you know a vocalist is at your door?
What's your favorite pirate joke?
What is loud and sounds like "apple"?
How many Frenchmen does it take to defend Paris?
Why couldn't the philosopher make a living?
What’s the new French flag look like?
How do you know if someone is Puerto Rican?
Why is James Bond's favourite bartender played by Michael J Fox?
What rock group has four guys and no singers?
How do you know a drummer is at your door?
Wanna know something interesting about Roland Emmerich?
Why was the attorney kicked out of choir?
What do you call a person who delivers Indian food?
Have you seen my LSD?
What do you call a pretty lady on the arm of a drummer?
Why do woman have legs?
What happened when the orange slept with the dirty lemon?
What do you call a bat in a hurry?
What do you call it when someone comes to your house and takes all your pottery?
How are synagogues like lemons?
What's the difference between an introverted mathematician and an extroverted mathematician?
How did Einstein prove you can break the law of relativity?
Did you hear about the guy who was arrested for indecent jurisprudence?
What did little no armed Jimmy get for Christmas?
What did the black kid get on his SAT?
Did anyone see Bob Costas' double pink eye while watching the Olympics?
What's the best thing about owning a car in Liverpool?
Why does it take 2 feminists to screw in a lightbulb?
Why do women wear makeup and perfume?
Why are divers always so nervous?
Have you heard the new Google Glass ad?
How many X does it take to lightbulb?
What is love?
How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call a dim witted hooker?
Why didn't Edward leave his house?
How many bass players does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many guitar players does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's wife?
How many does it take?
Whats the difference between a lawyer and a trampoline?
How many programmers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Anybody know where I can get a Game of Thrones Valentine's day card?
Q. What's pink and fluffy?
What do you get when you cross an agnostic, an insomniac, and a dyslexic?
What did the evergreen tree say to it's love interest?
What's the hardest part about nailing a baby to a tree?
What do you call a small petition?
What does an octopus have ten of?
What was the code to hitler's secret bunker?
How do you know a redneck invented the tooth brush?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
What do you call a sextape with a 60 year-old man in it?
(Q)....... What do fat women & mopeds have in common?
How do you make a dog say meow?
What do you call an infinite series with a finite result that has never had sex?
Where do you get virgin wool from?
Q: What do you call a drunken Muslim?
what has 150 legs and 7 teeth?
What do riding a bike and playing basketball have in common?
What's better than winning a silver medal at the Special Olympics?
Want to hear a clean joke?
What has seven arms and sucks?
Why do Jewish men watch porno's backwards?
Birth Control?
What do you call funny laboratory equipment?
What starts with E, ends with E and has only one letter?
How does Darts Vader eat spaghetti?
Did you hear about the guy who is both a taxidermist and veterinarian?
What do you call a fake noodle?
Why are boxers never late to their fights?
What breed of dog loves to take a bath?
How did michael hutchence take his drugs?
What is the bass players preferred method of contraception?
What's worse than locking your keys in you car outside an abortion clinic?
How can you tell if a Redditor is an extrovert?
What did Jupiter say to Saturn when he found out Saturn was pregnant?
What is the Speed of Darkness?
How do you tell if someone's balls are sensitive?
What are the three worst words to hear while you are having sex?
Why do drug dealers hate prostitutes?
What sound does a fratboy make when he hits the water?
What did the Mexican detective say in England?
Why did the suicide bomber explode on the train?
What's that smell?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
What has two legs and looks like a spider?
What does the rude barista say to the customer in a coffee shop?
Why don't you see any slow black people?
How do you know if a girl is dating a vampire?
What do you call a pile of kittens?
what's the healthiest thing about eating a wheelchair?
What's the plural form of the word "anecdote"?
What do Coors Light and sex on the beach have in common?
What did Euler find in his toilet?
Why are their no jokes about the Jonestown Massacre?
Does anyone have a good joke about essays/paper writing I can use?
What did the gay guy, say to the man at the bar?
What did the priest get at Toys R Us?
Have you read the book about the guy who can only ejaculate a virus?
How can you tell which Russian olympic spectators are actually KGB agents?
Why was 6 afraid of 7.938?
Why couldn't the Great Ape tell a story?
What is the most affectionate type of chicken?
What do you call the sweat between two people having sex in Arkansas?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
What is a trailer park's favorite game?
How do you get money out of a piggy bank?
So, it's now officially a week after the Super Bowl, can we please stop with the Super Bowl jokes?
Why can't Miss Piggy count to 70?
What did the network engineer give to his fiancée?
Got a pen?
Why was the blonde fired from the M&M factory?
What does a masturbating Latvian sound like?
Why are aspirins white?
What do you find between Godzilla's toes?
What do you call a sad robot?
What do you get when you throw a piano down a mine shaft?
What's the difference between a lawnmower and a hooker?
Rib jokes?
Have what it takes to become a Monk?
What does a sperm and a politician have in common?
(OC) What do the cops do when they get a fly infestation?
what did the doe say when she came out of the woods?
Why did the yoga pants come in last place?
What do you call a Pirate who lost his anchor?
How do we know that slaves went to college?
Ever heard of a game called Polish Roulette?
Did you hear the one about the old man at the doctor?
Why did the blonde have a red sore on her belly button?
What did the pink panther have all over his house after he fumigated for insects?
What animal brings the most boys to the yard?
Just thought this one up: What do Jay Leno and Payton Manning have in common?
How about a blonde joke thread?
How does a blond cross the road?
Why are cowboy hats curled up on the sides?
What do Abraham Lincoln and Peyton Manning have in common?
Best place to hide stuff?
What do you call a cat eating a girl out?
Why did the hipster burn his tongue?
What's better than kiddie porno?
How do single people honor valentine's day?
What was Philip Seymour Hoffman's favorite album this year?
What do you call a man with a small penis?
What's a pirates favorite thing to knit?
Did you hear about the constipated Mathematician?
Testicular cancer joke?
Grandpa, why did you have so many kids?
What did everyone do after the Super Bowl was over?
Why doesn't Mike Tyson play the Playstation?
How many SRSers does it take to change a lightbulb?
what do you call a cow with two legs?
What do you call a Russian, homophobic, golfer?
Why did the golfer take a spare pair of trousers with him?
What do you call the guy you buy your weed from?
Can you tell me a dirty joke?
what did the ranch say to the refrigerator?
Why was Bob Marley fired from being a tennis announcer?
Why do vegetarian chefs type with their feet?
What do you call a gay man milking a cow?
What do the weather man and every other man have in common?
How many heroin addicts does it take to change a lightbulb?
What kind of bees give milk?
How many cats?
What do dwarves use to cut their pizza?
Stunt pilot?
What's black, has bite marks and isn't needed any more?
What's the first step in making Bronco cookies?
Does giving birth or getting kicked in the balls hurt more?
What did Peyton Manning do yesterday?
What did the Magician say when he took some Adderall?
Did you hear about that proctologist who became an English teacher?
What's Peyton Manning's favorite hair style?
How many pallbearers are needed at an Indian funeral?
What is a chemist's favourite restaurant?
Wanna hear a joke?
Why did the Pepsi Half-Time Show suck so much?
What is Wilford Brimley's favorite band?
How many Broncos does it take to change a tire?
Did you hear the one about the Seahawk who wouldn't stop talking?
What is the only olympic sport that mexicans can compete in?
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
What did the Korean girl say about anal?
What's the difference between Jack Daniel's and General Custer?
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs floating in the ocean?
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive a car?
How do you know if someone is a vegetarian?
What's the difference between GOP voters and polar bears?
Heard of the cannibal who had a shit taste in people?
How did the telephone propose to his girlfriend?
So how did you die?
Why doesn't Justin Bieber shop at Sport's Authority?
How does a West Virginia mother know when her daughter is on her period?
How is Halloween celebrated in Kentucky?
Why was the gunman on a diet?
Whose fault is it that California always has earthquakes?
Why is Chicago called the Windy City?
Where do Squarells live?
Why is an apple a Dalek's favourite fruit?
What do you get when you cross an owl and a bungee cord?
What type of pants do Japanese people wear?
Why do Scottish men watch porno movies backwards?
What is it called when you throw a tin can into a recycling bin?
Do you know why they can't make ice in Poland anymore?
Have any brief jokes I can snapchat a girl that I like?
Did you hear they finally published that book about clocks?
Why does Waldo wear stripes?
What did one fish say to the other?
What's Irish and stays out all night?
What is the difference between paint and a midgets' underpants?
Why don't you ever eat a girl out in the morning?
What does Mr. Miyagi do while Daniel-san waxes the car?
What's a funny non-racist joke a Polish person would laugh at?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
Where do you find a dog with no legs?
What does 80 year-old pussy taste like?
What is the term for someone that gets aroused watching Star Wars?
What is a Mexicans favorite sport?
Cop: Is that a radar detector I see?
Why do they say all minorities look the same?
What do you call two crows sitting in a tree?
Why did the chicken not cross the road?
What is your best lawyer joke?
Why does Marx only drink herbal tea?
What did the Mexican firefighter name his two sons?
How does the pope refer to his secret superhero identity?
Why did the girl bring 2 basketballs to the basketball game?
Why did Scotty check all the toilets of the Starship Enterprise?
Bit of a different post here - an author introduces a joke but never reveals the punchline...anyone heard this joke? Or make up your own punchline?
How many psychiatrists dose it take to change a light bulb?
What is it called when a guy called Justin gets justice?
Why are there rugs in front of the stove and the sink?
Why did the Mexican push his wife off a cliff?
Where do men have the most curly hair?
What does a doughnut have in common with a nut?
Why was the Hay Robber's prison sentence cut short?
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
How does a religious extremist convert an atheist into a holy man?
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How does Moses make his tea?
What's the worst aspect about Calculus teachers?
What happens to garlic sauce over time?
What did the really dumb guy name his pet giraffe?
Is it wrong to hate a certain race?
Why the word redundancy when lawyers say cease and desist?
Why was Shakespeare always a good teammate to have?
How many introverts does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why are women so bad at being hockey goalies?
How many Dragonball Z characters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb?
What are your favorite "No arms, no legs" jokes?
What is the Pope's favorite type of woman?
Why was Simba's dad killed by the pride?
What is the difference between 69 and an ambush ?
What do you call a fake enemy?
How do you Circumcise a whale?
Why do North Korean statesmen make for bad lovers?
Why did the bike fall over?
What do you call a Viking pop band with a big gay following?
Did you hear what ubisoft rated assassins creed black flag?
How are hanging upside-down and getting a boner alike?
What happened when The Pope went to Mount Olive?
What do you call a row of 10 blondes standing ear to ear?
what kind of biscuit can fly?
Why did the Tomato blush?
What lies in a pram and wobbles?
How many ears does Spock have?
What did the lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire?
What does your mother's face and a Pillar and have in common?
Why was the Japanese man so careful when walking in his house?
Why did the Trix bunny hand out eggs?
Have you ever had sex in the woods?
What type of Martial Arts does Jesus know?
What happens when two girl rabbits really like each other?
What is a penguin?
What did one tampon say to the other?
What happens if an elephant comes through your letterbox?
What's white, lumpy, and extremely dangerous?
Is a brain dead cow a vegetable?
Why did the hipster drown?
What do you call a white slave?
Did you hear the one...?
How does it feel to be a famous rock-and-roll musician?
How does Jesus make his coffee?
How do you get 4 gay guys to sit on 1 bar stool?
What's a similarity between obese people, and my relationships with women?
Why was the mother cow mad at father cow?
Did you hear about the girl that backed into an airplane propeller?
Did you hear about the Mexicans that robbed the train museum?
What's the difference between a vacuum and a Harley Davidson?
What do North Koreans lack that South Koreans do not?
Are there holes in your socks?
Where's the best place to apologise to someone?
What do you call the largest of the land masses, when it's unable to hold itself together, breaking into smaller land masses and leaking waste water?
Do It Yourself?
What do you get when you cross an octopus and a cow?
What does a dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac do?
How do you reply when someone on /r/askscience asks you on a date?
What did the Cannibal do after he dumped his Girlfriend?
What do you call an Englishman with no butt?
Is there a difference between men and women?
What's the most annoying thing about Electronic Music?
How does a French lady hold her liquor?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the difference between a cactus and a schoolbus?
Why was the cupcake so scared of the bong?
What did one sick casket say to the other sick casket?
What do you call it when the only cow on your dairy farm won't produce milk?
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball?
Why do Physicists make terrible parents?
The honest lawyer?
what's the most impressive thing about tom cruise performing his own stunts?
Why did Winnie the Pooh want to become an astronaut?
What did the physicists say when he accidentally broke his resistor?
What did the chinese billionaire say after buying the deer with no eyes?
What do you call a reptile...?
What did the mailman ask his girlfriend?
Did you hear about the man who flashed three old ladies sitting on a bench in the park?
Why can't two Chinese people make a white baby?
Whats brown and sticky?
Wana hear a knock knock joke?
What did the Melon King say to the two young melons in love?
How many emo kids does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why does the New York Times hire Jews?
Why did Obama tap Merkel's phone?
Did you hear about that baby boy that was born with no eyelids?
What did the Indian woman say during sex?
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a case of beer?
Why was the tomato blushing?
What is the difference between a blonde and a blonde dude?
Why was the beach wet?
What do you call two crows on a park bench?
Why did the Seattle Seahawks and the Denver Broncos made it to the finals?
Why did the demon get arrested?
How did the hipster drown?
What do you call a fat computer?
What does a nosy pepper do?
How did the Romans split up their empire?
Punk rockers are unruly, what do they like most about women though?
Why can't Ray Charles see his friends?
Why do parents send their toddlers to the army for daycare?
Why couldn't the lizard get a girlfriend?
What's worse than watching your brother do a double barrel roll over 15 cars on a motorbike?
What sound does a pinewood derby car make when you rev it?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth?
What did the bartender ask Charles Dickens when he ordered a martini?
What did the deaf person get after having sex with a hooker?
What's the objective of Jewish football?
Why did all the prisoners at the AT&T jail escape?
What did the Mexican firefighter call his two sons?
What's the most difficult instrument for a percussionist to play?
Why can't you tell pun jokes to kleptomaniacs?
How did the paramedics know Princess Diana had dandruff?
What is Zoolander's least favourite sport?
What do you say to a woman with a black eye?
How many Freudians does it take to change a lightbulb?
What did the racist chess player say?
How can you tell a cow isn't listening to you?
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand?
How can you tell if a Finnish guy likes you?
what's the difference between a cat and compound sentence?
Why was Civil Disobedience such a good essay?
Why is it a good idea to put your money in the freezer, instead of the bank?
What is the opposite of paranoia?
Want to play the rape game?
What's the difference between a peeping tom and a pickpocket?
What do you call a short physic that has escaped from jail?
How do you make five pounds of fat look good?
Can antelopes get married?
What do you call a snobbish criminal going downstairs?
How does George W. Bush do well on his high school midterms?
Whats the difference between man united and a clown?
How many SEC football players does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What did the pirate captain say to the sucker fish he hired to clean his ship?
Do you know what George Washington would be doing if he were alive today?
How do you kill a blonde?
What's the difference between a microwave and anal sex?
[OC] Why can't an orchestra made of OB/GYN doctors ever get good enough to perform a concert?
What did the homophobic sheep say when he saw the two female sheep making out in the field?
What's the difference between a penis and a paycheck?
What happened to the octopus in the football game?
What do you call a gnome that muffs a fairy ?
What's Beethoven up to these days?
What's the difference between a prostitute with dysentery and an epileptic oyster shucker?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What do the Globetrotters do when they're finished urinating?
Why did the hot dog vendor cry?
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion?
Why didn't anyone care about the circus?
Why don't they have sex ed and drivers ed on the same day in the middle east?
What's the difference between jam and marmalade?
What do you call a paper crane folded by a prositute?
Why do black people call each other "son"?
Why do fire departments have dalmatians?
What's the most offensive jokes you guys have?
How did the steak chef at the courthouse like his paycheck?
What is Fido the dog's favorite part of a tree?
What kind of Lettuce do serve on the Titanic?
What the best thing about pedophiles?
What do you get when you mix an owl with a rooster?
Why do pedophiles have social anxiety?
911?
Why aren't cowboys circumcised?
What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone?
Why is studying statistics hard to do in Afghanistan?
Why can't atheists solve exponential equations?
What did the Joker say when he was at McDonalds?
Have you heard the one about Ron Jeremy's penis?
Are you aware you broke the speed limit?
Why did my Geoligist wife divorce me?
What do you call someone who is good at fishing?
How do you confuse an idiot?
Why don't Amish people water ski?
How do you keep an Idiot occupied?
If I was a smart thief, do you know what I would rob?
How do you get your husband to eat shit?
Whats better than roses on your piano?
Teacher: did your father help you with your homework?
What does Popeye's dick smell like?
Why is the sport of cricket called cricket?
What's the difference between Jews and Christians?
Why don't baseball players get much action?
Chris Christie's Favorite New Dessert???
What's a Pedophile's Favorite Part about Hockey?
What does Beyonce bake her cookies on?
What do you call a man without shins?
Does anyone know any good renal/kidney jokes?
What do you call a well respected slave?
What do 8 hobbits make?
Did you hear about the new bra they call the Sheepdog?
What's the Difference between NHL Players and the Jersey Shore Girls?
I don't get this joke. Can someone explain it to me?
How many gnats does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What did the blind man say as he passed the fish market?
What did Courtney Love say before she shot Kurt?
What did the 0 say to the 8?
What's black and white and red all over?
Want to know how I can see 6 years into the future?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
Which came first: the chicken or the egg?
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors?
Did you hear the one about the vegan cannibal?
Where do electricians get supplies?
What is the difference between jelly and jam?
How do you get a fat girl into your bed?
How much is an M&M?
Can anyone explain this joke for me?
What's the difference between a praying nun and a girl taking a bath?
What happens when an American has a heart attack and survives?
Did you know that the walrus has the second largest penis of all mammals?
Wait, you're citing me for reckless driving?
What do you call sunscreen in Ireland?
Why does internet explorer ask so many questions?
What is a frog's favourite website?
What did the little mountain say to the big mountain?
I wonder what the parking situation is at the Special Olympics?
Why was the mushroom happy?
How does Moses make his tea?
What do you call a thieving duck?
If you're looking for something fun and exciting to do, why not try anti-gravity?
Which is the smallest pub in the world?
Why does Daenerys take so long to get places?
What do you get when you have a blonde do a handstand?
What do you call a fight between a Mexican and a child molester?
What kind of pants do the Mario Bros wear?
Why did Princess Diana cross the road?
Do you remember when you used to blow bubbles?
Do you want a sister or a brother?
What did the joints say to the arthritis pain?
What's fourteen inches and white?
Do you know the difference between erotic and perverted?
Do you drink beer?
How do you stop an angry rhino from charging?
How do you describe a boring, Asian, black and white film?
What do ghosts use for lube?
a piece of what?
Why did the referee blow his whistle at the leper hockey game?
What do you call a baby Matt Damon?
What happened when the man couldn't afford the mortgage on his haunted house?
Have you heard about the Polish strip club?
who is the most fun on a missing persons case?
Has enough time passed in our country that we honestly and openly talk about the good things Osama Bin Laden did for us?
Why does the NSA only do anal?
What happens when you cross the band "The Knack" and a bottle of Corona?
What did one wall say to the other wall?
What do grandparents smell like?
Did you hear about the psychic midget that escaped from jail?
What's long and hard and makes women cry at night?
What's worse than finding cum stains in your son's underwear?
How do you keep an asshole in suspense?
What's the best defense against Britney Spears?
What did Charlie Bucket say when Willie Wonka peed on him?
Why did the girl get grumpy after anal sex?
What do you call a gay rhinoceros?
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer?
How do you make the spying NSA frustrated?
What type of pussy does a priest get?
How do you keep bacon from curling in the pan?
What do the Dallas Cowboys do when they win the Superbowl?
What type of wife always knows where her husband is?
If you call a foreigner who wants to be Japanese a weeaboo and a foreigner who wants to be British a teeaboo what do you call a person who wants to be a Canadian?
What did the whistleblower say after the blizzard in Russia?
What do you call the gingerbread man's ghetto cousin?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews?
What do you call it when a male mathematician imagines himself having an orgasm?
Did you hear that the DMV is going make all stop signs bilingual for Spanish Speakers in 2014?
Why is the Adults only store open 24hrs?
Have you ever had sex while camping?
What do you call 1000 aches?
What's the difference between a white story and a black story?
How do you confuse a gay person?
What's the true meaning of a New Years resolution?
What happened to the Indian that drank too much?
How do you get garbanzo breath?
Aims at the heels, but hits the nose. What is it?
Where does Obama live?
What was Bob Marley's favourite font?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
Why don't debutantes like group sex?
What did the magazine say to the comic book?
What's the difference between a Harley Davidson and a vacuum cleaner?
What's the difference between a Southern wedding and a Southern tornado?
How long does it take to get from Louisiana to Alabama?
What did Hugh Hefner say when he got to heaven?
What does Jeffrey Dahmer and Peewee Herman have in common?
How many Libertarian Capitalists does it take to change a light bulb?
Have you tried the chicken boobs?
What do you call 0.33333333333 of a shit?
What do you call over the counter Viagra?
What does the NFL and Broke Back Mountain have in common?
What did the deer say when the sportsman asked if he wanted to go hunting?
What's the difference between an optimist and a pessimist?
Do you know what is heart warming?
How did the blind priest find the choir boys?
What's a philosopher's favorite toy?
What do you call a 100 year old frog?
What do a priest and an Olympic silver medalist have in common?
Why did the baker's hands smell?
Did you hear about the guy who burnt down the Chinese restaurant?
What did the banker use for birth control?
What's the best thing about living with alzheimer's?
How is a Mac like a Queen's guard?
How did the Mexican greet people in Hawaii?
What's the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo bean?
Where does Skrillex like to eat lunch?
What dance moves do physicists do?
Did you hear Lorraina Babbitt died in LA?
Why should you never buy ukrainian underwear?
Nurse - are my testicles black?
Do you know why the spanish letter "j" is pronounced as "h"?
What did the bartender say to the giraffe when he ordered a beer?
what is michael J. Fox's favourite beverage?
Whats the difference between a rectal and an oral thermometer?
What's common between Marriage & a Port-a-potty?
(I heard this one a while back, sorry) Why can't you use a the restroom at a Beatles reunion concert?
Was Johann Sebastian Bach wealthy?
What kind of STD does a blonde woman give you?
Do you know what is heart warming?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What do you call a two dentists that live on opposite sides of the world?
What's the most electronegative state?
What did the proctologist say to the guy with glued ass cheeks?
What are some canned retorts that can be funny in many situations, like "that's what she said" or "let's not and say we did"?
What is black & white, black & white, black & white, black & white, black & white, black & blue?
Who makes the best milkshakes ever?
Why did the squirrel swim on his back?
What do you call girls that have a chance of winning?
What's the worst part about season 1 of Lost?
What's the difference between Gene Simmons and Richard Simmons?
What has two legs and bleeds profusely?
Wanna hear a dirty joke?
What is a stalkers favorite part of a hospital?
Did you hear about the bastard frog?
What's worse than a cardboard box?
Know any good white people jokes?
(x-post from /r/lotr) How many Nazgûl does it take to kill a hobbit?
Can someone please invent pantyhose that don't rip?
What does a 90 year old pussy taste like?
Why is Santa Claus so jolly?
My neighbour knocked on my door at 2:30am...Can you believe that, 2:30am!?
What do you call an Asian girl with Mexican parents?
Why did the Mexican girl get pregnant?
What is the difference between pick and choose?
Why do Jews hate sex?
Why do Jews have big noses?
What did the little cloud say about the big cloud?
What's the difference between a tea cup and pea cup?
Did you hear about the Power Plant that was bad for the environment all year?
How does Kim Kardashian like her eggs?
What should you care?
Why is [friend's name] always on the bottom?
What do you call clothes for a car?
Why doesn't Santa have any children?
What did the ram say as his lover lay on her deathbed?
How do you say "fuck you" in Hebrew?
What are your best family friendly Christmas jokes?
What do you call a suicidal cat?
Why do rappers repeat their names in their songs?
What says "Mark! Mark! Mark! Mark! Mark!" ?
What did the cat say after reading ""To Kill a Mockingbird"?
What's a specimen?
Why do witches not wear underwear?
You eat what (phonetic joke)?
What is the mathematician's favorite pick-up line?
Why shouldn't you wear Russian underwear?
What do you call Hitler's bachelor party?
What's the difference between an orange and a baby?
What do you call a group of Mexicans doing work?
Why is it so hard to get a comb from a bald man?
What are Tony Montana's favourite trousers?
What is the most surprised a cow can be??
Ever wonder why people pay so much for their electricity bill?
Why does Marx's toilet play a sonata when flushed?
What ethnicity is Santa?
It's yellow, lives in a tree, and is very annoying?
What's a Lawyers favourite food?
What did Adam say to Eve on the day before Christmas?
What do you call it when all the Chinese places in town start to close?
Why shouldn't you ask if someone's a Texan?
What do you call a booger that you've been squishing for awhile?
What do you call the survivors of the holocaust?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
How do you make a fruit cordial?
What did Peter Pan say during the plane crash?
Why did the hipster drown, when he was iceskating?
Whats the difference between a BMW and a porcupine?
What did the Roman premature ejaculater say?
What did the physicist say when he tried to meditate?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
What do Justin Bieber and Pinocchio have in common?
What's your favorite joke appropriate for a 6-8 year old?
How do you drown a polar bear?
Why is the sand so quiet?
What does Santa Claus call his more thuggish elves?
Why did the baby have such a poor time in the marathon?
Just now, from my dad: Have you heard the new Christmas carol from India?
What is all that useless flesh around a woman's vagina?
What was the crow doing up on the telephone pole?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
What do you do with a sick chemist?
How many friend zoned guys does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Remember when you used to blow bubbles as a kid?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his mates?
How does the blind man know when to stop wiping his arse?
Whose point is it anyway?
How did the dentist become a brain surgeon?
Why do women wear makeup and perfume?
What do you call A Bohemian Lumberjack?
My co-worker is going out of town for a week. What are some easy pranks I can set up in his cubicle?
What do Saudi guys and girls have in common?
What language do cats speak?
How did the hipster burn his tongue...?
Have you seen the clown that hides from ugly people?
What do you call a huge pile of cats?
What do you call an angry German?
What did the bird say when it flew into the window?
Did you hear about the butcher who backed into the meat grinder?
What does a turkey scream right before you squirt a hot load all over it?
What do a hippie-chick and a hockey player have in common?
Did you know they buried Steve Jobs in an orchard?
Whats the worst thing about being dyslexic and having ADHD?
What does a gang say on December 25th?
What did the Kiwi say to the Rabbi?
What's the difference between Pink Floyd and Princess Diana?
What do you call an Amish guy with his hand up a horse's ass?
Why did the French construct the Maginot Line?
Who was the first carpenter?
What is a Rastafarian's favorite country?
Why do Native Americans hate snow?
What did the monkey say when he caught his tail in the revolving door?
Why can't you trust atoms?
Why should you never date a tennis player?
Why are redditors so bad at "getting" jokes?
What is the difference between a middle school boy and a high school boy?
What is worse than getting a wrong call at 3 AM in the morning?
What is black Jesus' favorite fruit?
What did the prarie dog coach say to his team?
What did the greek cow say?
What does a Gynecologist and a Pizza Boy have in common?
What do you call fake soup?
How did the Italian die?
Why do men snore when they sleep on their back?
How many cops does it take to push a hooker down the stairs?
Why does the rabbit hide Easter eggs?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Did you hear about Princess Dianas car crash?
Did you hear the one about the constipated mathematician?
What do you get when you combine a watch and a bottle of beer?
Why was the computer tired when it got home?
What do you call a bad circumcision?
What do you see when the Pillsbury Doughboy bend over?
What is the one thing Spiderman can't eat?
Wanna hear a short joke?
What's the difference between a woman and a computer?
How does John Lennon get his kids to eat their vegetables?
What do you call 2 algebraists who marry?
What did Saint Patrick say when he drove all the snakes out of Ireland?
Did you hear about the guy who won the Nobel for inventing time travel to the future?
What did Chuck Norris told his father when he left home for college?
What do you say to a girl with small tits?
What is the easiest way to kill a gaggle of black men?
If college football created a bowl game called the "Hyperbole," which two teams would be selected to play in it?
(Grandpa joke) If seagulls fly over the sea, what flies over the bay?
How low can you get??
What were the Crocodile Hunters last words?
Can someone please explain this joke to me?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What did the stoner drop when he listened to dubstep?
How do you know you are in the gardening section of Home Depot?
How do terrorist surfers spend free time at Guantanamo Bay?
What did they do with the Crazy 8's?
What's the difference between love, true love, and showing off?
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up?
How did the butcher introduce his wife?
What is an Italian redditors favorite meal?
What did Jay-Z call Knowles before getting married?
How can you tell your room mates gay?
What do pantyhose and Brooklyn have in common?
What's a Chinese chicken's favorite vegetable?
What is a physicist's favorite cookie?
How much does a hipster weigh?
Who says men don't remember?
What do you call an Eskimo who's a peeping tom?
What would you name a star wars movie featuring Pluto?
Wanna hear my joke about pizza?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Want to hear about the worst blowjob I ever had?
Did you hear about the kidnapping at the school?
Wanna hear a joke about a pizza?
Remember how in Lord of the Rings they slept out under the stars?
Why did the semen cross the road?
What's a Yankee?
What is yellow and lives off dead Beatles?
What is the difference between a wife and a mistress?
How many kids with ADHD does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why did the model pee herself?
Did you hear about the sign language translator at Nelson Mandela's funeral?
What do you call Billy Mays when he says something stupid?
What does Salvador Dali eat for breakfast?
Why couldn't the dwarves renew their lease on the Lonely Mountain?
What's the most popular pickup line at a gay bar?
What's 6.9?
Why can't the NSA leaker leave Russia?
What did one earring say to the other?
Why did candycain go to jail?
Why couldn't they save the shipwrecked hippies?
What do you call a muslim in the 90's?
What do ducks do at Christmas time?
Which US state is friendliest toward the Japanese?
What do you call an Irish Jew?
Did you hear about the physicist who moonlighted as a romance novelist?
Did you hear about the three Mexicans who robbed a bank?
Without context, where would we be?
How did the dollar bill feel when his change started disappearing?
Why is it good for a mason to live in constant fear?
Why was the dieting Roman so thrilled?
What did the square say to the triangle?
Did you hear about the Italian documentary on suppositories?
How does Dallas Cowboys fans change a lightbulb?
Who does a dead pharaoh talk to?
How do you confuse Helen Keller?
Where the Hell Have You Been?
How does Moses make his tea?
How does a spoiled rich girl change a lightbulb?
Why did Kelly fall off the swing?
You know what we used to call vegetarians?
What do you call a nurse with dirty knees?
What do you call a mexican midget?
What did one shovel say to the other during a recurring fight?
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road?
Did you hear about the gay magician?
What do you call it when an Asian's imaginary friend dies?
How do you know you have a high sperm count?
What do you call a blonde in a BMW?
What did Mr. T say when he saw a fat lady at the bar?
Why do American tourists talk so loudly?
Where did Javon get his earrings?
Why are women like condoms?
What's the difference between being hungry and being horny?
How do you know a woman has had sex in every country in the world?
Why is there no gambling in Africa?
What does Polynomial Man say when you beat him?
What's the difference between Snowmen and Snowwomen?
Why is it easier for women to shave "downstairs" than men?
How do you make a flea circus?
Why don't the people of Pompeii like volcanoes?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
What do you call 2 crackers arguing?
How come Hitler never went to the movies?
What concert can you see for 45 cents?
What do you call two gay Scotsmen?
What did the Nazi become after the war ended?
Why is it never a good idea to use a Chinese phone book?
Did you hear about the guy who was half black and half Japanese?
Did you here about the women who died after masturbating with a carrot?
Q:What did The Banana Say To the Vibrator?
Did you hear about the Mexican train killer?
Why do programmers always confuse Halloween and Christmas?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How bad is it when a nations power crisis can only be solved by a couple of hydroelectric plants?
Why don't paperclips move around a lot?
What is the difference between kinky and perverted?
Did you hear about the hispanic that's been stealing all the trains?
What's the difference between a Porsche and a KIA?
What do you get when you cross an owl and a bungee chord?
How do you say "constipated" in German?
Why did Hitler not mind being on the naughty list?
What does the cow say while having sex?
How can you tell two people are married?
How many women does it take to screw a lightbulb?
What do a 9 volt battery and a hot chick's asshole have in common?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why did the kleptomaniac spend so much time in Bed Bath and Beyond?
Where did the salami go on holiday?
G.W.Bush - Dyslexic?
What do you call a scientific measuring instrument with degrees?
What's better than breaking the seal on a bottle?
What do LotR and Brokeback Mountain have in common?
Did you hear about the kleptomaniac with no sense of humor?
How did Jesus feel after the last supper?
What do you call a psychic midget that just escaped prison?
How do you save a Republican from drowning?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What is the worst type of sand to have in your pants?
Why does the Devil hate the holiday Season?
What do oranges, and Jews have in common?
What type of drink do gay nazis hate?
Why couldn't the dyslexic plantation owner get anything done?
Why do you always see Santa with a full sack?
What is every young lady`s ultimate Disney fantasy?
What do you call Moby Dick when he washes up on a sandbar?
What keyboard layout does Miley Cyrus use?
What do you call a boring Muslim?
How many people does it take to screw a lightbulb?
What is the difference between Jamaicans and Jewish people?
What do gay cow's eat?
What did Mike Tyson say when he saw Breaking Bad?
Q: What is Mr. T's nickname for Wednesday?
How many blind people does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's the internal temperature of a Ton-ton?
What were the 2 doctors who worked with Schrödinger called?
Why did the sailor ground his son?
Why does Helen Keller play the piano with only one hand?
What do you call a black man in a tree?
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and Sarah Palin's vagina?
Is your phone in your back pocket?
Have you heard about the dyslexic satanist?
What do you call a woman who sells sex for noodles?
What has ten legs and nine arms?
How do hispanics cut a pizza?
How many x does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the worst thing about catching AIDS?
What do you call a preacher with an erection?
Did you hear about the fat chick I fucked on the elevator?
What's a telemarketer's favourite element?
Have you heard about the new male contraceptive pill?
What do you have to use to check a test on Telemarketing?
Did you hear about the woman who tried to bribe the police with pennies?
What rock group has four men that don't sing?
Did ya hear about the guy who got his hand caught in the printing press?
How do philosophers shave off their beards?
What's the difference between a ladder and a truck?
What's the best way to make a girl weak in the knees?
How many 'friend-zoned' guys does it take to change a light bulb?
Who always wins at musical chairs?
How is pussy like veal?
What did the black kid get on his ACT?
Q) What do you call a fat person that eats because they're angry, and is then angry because they eat?
Why do black people only have nightmares?
Hey billy jokes?
Did you hear about the corduroy pillow?
How do you circumcise a hillbilly?
What do you call a Serbian prostitute?
What kind of currency do they use in space?
What do you call a red-headed ninja?
Why is Santa's sack so big?
How many passive-aggressive people does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why is Santa's sack so big?
How does a deaf and dumb tell a secret to another one?
How many bad joke tellers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's green and smells like pork?
How many lightbulbs does it take to screw in a bad joke teller?
Did you know Hellen Keller had a dollhouse?
Q:How do you circumcise a hillbilly?
Why did the man break the clock?
What kind of bellybutton did Paul Walker have?
How do you cook toilet paper?
Why was the Berlin Wall torn down?
What do you call a farting fatass?
What's Black and Yellow that makes everyone laugh?
What did the egg say to the pot of boiling water?
How many physicists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
What's older than sand?
Did you hear about the kleptomaniac who went to the theater the other day?
What's brown and sticky?
What kind of overalls does Mario wear?
What was the deaf mans favorite song?
Who is the most famous cow in France?
Have you ever seen mothballs?
You guys ever hear the one about little tyrome?
did you know it takes 3 sheep to make a wool sweater?
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer?
How do you separate the men from the boys in the Navy?
What happened to the Indian chief who drank too much tea?
What do you get when you mix a joke with a hypothetical question?
Do you know what i say to people that are "butthurt"?
What's the worst part of running into your ex?
Why is it called Black Friday?
How do you greet an overweight Micronesian when you're trying to sound cool?
Ok, r/Jokes, I I realize that it's still Thanksgiving, but I need your help: what are your dirtiest Santa/elf related jokes?
What is the temperature of the average coffin?
On Thanksgiving, how does Miley Cyrus stuff her bird?
Can anyone give me a Russian-English bilingual pun?
How much does wood cost?
How do you seperate the men from the boys?
What did the zero say to the eight?
What did the hurricane say to the palm tree?
Why did Jesus drop out of the carpentry business?
What did the blind, deaf, and mute kid get for Christmas?
Why are farmers the best at what they do?
How did the badge get away with murder?
Did you hear about that new space mosque?
Why did the Mexican army attack the Alamo with only 2000 soldiers?
What do they say about a rapper who stole a dictionary?
You want to know what's the toughest part about Thanksgiving dinner at my house?
What do you call a reliable coke dealer?
Anyone heard of that movie "Constipation"?
Why don't fairies live under toadstools?
Why are all rabbits negro?
How do Asians name their babies?
What is a priest's favorite snack?
What happened when the cow jumped over the barbed wire fence?
Why doesn't jesus play hockey?
Why was the cow scared about going into the slaughter house?
Why am I not afraid of Michelle Obama banning soda pop?
How do make a gay guy fuck a woman?
Why do migits laugh when they run?
Why did James Gandolfini die of a heart attack?
Why do owls not mate when it's raining?
What did the elephant say to the naked man?
Why Are Jews Considered Optimists?
What did the scat fetishist say to his wife before divorcing her?
Who is busier than a one-toothed man in a corn eating contest?
What do you call a person from South America with a walking assist?
How does the moon cut its hair?
What do you call a man who just had his back waxed?
How do you you ask your male friend to shave your body?
What did the accountant do when he was constipated?
Do you like jokes that make you think a little?
What do you call making your booty clap for likes and upvotes?
What do you call a cowboy with a case of bad gas?
Why did Barbie never get pregnant?
Why is it called xbox one?
What happens to gay horses when they die?
Why did the computer cross the road?
Why did Mike Tyson bring his calculator to church?
What's the difference between a gorilla and an Italian in the bathtub?
How do you get to Carnegie Hall?
What happened when Sean Connery bought himself a little kitten?
What European city is home to the most Indians?
What Did Delaware?
What does a blind person read in church?
What's an old woman taste like?
Why couldn't the witch get pregnant?
What's the best thing about being a meth addict?
What did one tampon say to the other?
What is the difference between a Cadillac and five dead Asian hookers?
What do you call an environmentally-conscious Mexican?
How many calories do you get from eating pussy?
Why is Santa's sack so big?
Is knowing of collapse of supermarket in Latvia?
Did you hear about the woman banned from Disney World?
What does a Nazi reach for when he has a head cold?
What is my favorite street sign?
What's the difference between Santa Claus and Tiger Woods?
What do you call a little person who can talk to ghosts and just escaped from prison?
What's the difference between my dick and my jokes?
How do you get a polar bear in the water?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What does a sick train say?
You know why it'd called modern jazz right?
How many Soviets does it take to change a light bulb?
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs?
Why did the Wright brothers turn their aircraft 90 degrees west when their dad walked in the cockpit?
What's the best thing about Switzerland?
How does Moses make beer?
(Q)...... What was the difference between Bill Clinton & Monica Lewinsky's dry-cleaners?
What's the difference between broccoli and boogers?
If iron man is a superhero what's iron woman?
What is your favorite knick knock joke?
What kind of lizard can run the mafia?
How many immature people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
What's the difference between an American and a moldy piece of bread?
What do you call a jackass in the mafia?
What's the most important part of a vegetable's golf stats?
What does it take to make a squid laugh?
What do you call a deer without eyes?
Why was six afraid of the rhetorical question?
What's the difference between eugenics and a charity marathon?
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam?
How do you keep a blonde busy?
What do you call a grumpy girl's desk?
Does anyone remember Gotye?
What does anal sex and broccoli have in common?
What do you call a nosy pooper?
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball?
How does an Australian clean is bum?
Why did the Mexican push his wife off a cliff?
What does a bird say when it wants revenge?
Why do tweekers do it doggie style?
What did the lobster do at the disco?
How do you confuse a Daily Mail reader?
Why was the mathematician late for work?
Did you hear about the man who drowned in a bowl of Muesli?
What does Walter White say when someone tells him a knock-knock joke?
What brand of vodka does a Canadian drink?
What is a homophobe's favorite fruit?
How do you make a dead baby float?
Why'd the Mexican cross the road?
Three guys are on a boat with four cigarettes, but they don't have any matches or lighters. What do they do?
Why did the painting go to jail?
Why did the paleontologist measure the height of a dinosaur using a T-Rex's foot?
How Many Bit Coins Does it take to screw in a Lightbulb?
Whats The difference between Stealing Cookies from a Jar and Child Molesting?
Why do stormtroopers make good drivers?
What were Adam's first ever words to Eve?
What do bears and women from Arkansas have in common?
What do you call a 90's sitcom star's inactivated x chromosomes?
Why shouldn't you look at a cup of ranch?
If you had sex 365 times in one year and melted the rubbers down to make a tire, what would you call it?
What do you call that piece of flesh around the clitoris?
What do you call a cow that gets an abortion?
What do you call it when you feed a stick of dynamite to a steer?
There are three flies in the kitchen. Which one is the cowboy?
Did you hear about the guy addicted to eating salt?
How do you tell if someone is opposed to GMOs?
Did you hear about the man that submitted all those entries to the pun contest?
Why couldn't the pony speak clearly?
Why did the computer scientist die in the shower?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
Who has two thumbs and looks an awful lot like Alec Baldwin?
What's red and bad for your teeth?
M'lady, What is the most beautiful thing in the world?
will you enjoy some humour?
What's the difference between Jesus and other carpenters?
Why did Simba's father die?
What's the difference between a dead cat and a dead lawyer on the road?
What's every movie critic's favorite cooking ingredient?
What does the arabs put in their Mexican food??
What's enormous, gray, and unimportant?
Did you hear about the impoverished farmers who drove from Oklahoma to California?
What's the difference between a washing machine and your mom?
Did you hear about that new state of the art jackhammer technology?
Where does the Navy rank amongst the armed forces?
Are you a Lawyer?
What do you call the entrance to a brothel?
What is Cab Calloway's favorite type of humor?
Did you hear about the awesome new Corey Hart cover of Sunglasses at Night?
Why shouldn't happy people hang out with crustaceans?
What is the historical significance of Sir George Stokes?
What do you call a masturbating cow?
Who is faster... Speedy Gonzales or Road Runner?
Did you hear about the man who went on a business trip?
Have you ever heard a joke with no punchline?
Why did the black man wipe his ass?
How do you circumcise a redneck?
What kind of cigarettes do California kids smoke?
Why did the blind driver have no hands?
What if there were no hypothetical situations?
My work colleague sees himself as the pun king... he just made up these jokes..... opinions?
What did the messed up psychologist have for dinner?
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How do you fit 50 Jews in a car?
Did you hear about the new corduroy pillows?
Why did the condom fly across the room?
Why did God invent the yeast infection?
What has 16 legs and speaks german?
How is digging fence post holes like being the mayor of Toronto?
Has anyone ever told you what it's like to be royally screwed?
What do you call a bee in a space rocket?
How did Hitler tie his shoes?
Did you hear about the man with five penises?
beautiful?
What's green and has wheels?
How does the devil measure his drugs?
Why did the virus get a ticket?
How do Mexicans cut their pizza?
What do you call glass cookware from Jamaica?
Who's Leonardo Dicaprio's least favorite Sesame Street character?
What do you call a Rapper who smokes too much?
How do you make a Snowman smile?
Why couldn't the grape help his friend move on Saturday?
Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill?
Why couldn't the Dairy Queen have any kids?
What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas?
Why was the tea so obstinate?
What's the difference between Limburger cheese and my friend Ted?
Did you hear about the guy who tied to put his package into tried to put his package into the mail box?
What do you call a king's fart?
What do you call four mexicans drowning?
What do you call a window that can rap?
If you were a Canadian and I were a Canadian and we bumped into each other, who would apologize first?
Why was the blonde girl sitting on the roof?
What did the drug dealer say to his long time girlfriend?
What do you call the useless skin around the vagina?
where does a Finnish child molester go when his ship sinks?
What do ghosts wear?
Did you know that 50% of the Chinese have cataracts?
What did the mexican say when two houses fell on him?
How do u kill a blonde ?
Why did the scarecrow win an award?
Why is China a communist country?
There are three men on a boat with a pack of cigarettes and no matches. How did they manage to smoke?
What happened when the pig ran into his ex?
Want to hear a joke about sodium hypobromite?
What do you call a military base that has quadrupled in size?
What do bulimic stone masons do?
What did one Labium say to the other Labium?
What do Jewish women get when they go to the gynecologist?
How many existentialists does it take to change a light-bulb?
How do you kill a hipster?
What's the best wood to make a golf club out of?
How many people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why does a chicken coop has two doors?
How many political idealists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why is Bieber never late?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
Did you hear about the kidnapping?
Welche vier Flüsse kennt jede Blondine?
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb?
How do you make holy water?
What did Neil Armstrong and Michael Jackson have in common?
What do you call it when Batman skips church?
How many Borg does it take to change a light bulb?
What did the right crazy-saggy boob say to the left crazy-saggy boob?
What do you call it when a dj gets a blowjob while he's on the air?
What do they call the lottery in Africa?
Why didn't the bike go to the car show?
To whom do agnostics pray?
What do you call a sick bird who has crossed a national border without consent?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
How do you make a clown cry?
What did one testicle say to the other testicle?
Why do seagulls live by the sea?
What makes the scarecrow so good at his job?
What do you call a fart from a paraplegic?
What did the little acorn say when it got planted and grew up?
Why is American Beer like making love in a canoe?
Have you ever had Ethiopian food?
What's the difference between my dick and my paycheck?
What do you call a singing group trio of pre-op Trannies?
Why did the hippie stick his penis in the chick peas?
How many ska kids does it take to screw in a light bulb?
why do i love bananas so much?
How can you tell if a woman's picture is photoshopped?
What does a Bears fan do when his team wins the Superbowl?
How many terrorists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How does a Mexican build a house?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What's pink and wrinked and hangs out my Y-fronts?
What's so great about nihilism?
How many gorillas does it take to change a lightbulb?
What kind of bagel did the camper eat?
Why did the blind fly starve to death??
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
Why did the DJ get fired as a waiter?
Why does everyone hate German sausage jokes?
Why do people call their weed the Koran?
Why did the Pakistani cook get fired?
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a light bulb?
How many immature people does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What kind of batteries do stuttering Canadians use?
What's the best thing about living in Switzerland?
What is gay pride?
How many babies does it take to change a light bulb?
Did you hear about the linoleum factory in France that exploded?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What's the dating scene like at MIT?
What do you call a gay light fixture?
How do you tell if somebody doesn't have a smartphone?
How many shrinks does it take to change a lightbulb?
What colour animals have the most sex?
How many Marines does it take to change a lightbulb?
Did you hear the one about the umbrella in the trench coat and sunglasses?
How many gay men does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Did you hear about the guy that farted in church?
Why didn't Toronto's mayor tell us earlier about his drug use?
How many bodybuilders does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why couldn't Beethoven find his teacher?
Did you hear about the Vietnam veteran who became a sewage worker?
How many 9GAGers does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why is there only one Monopolies Commission?
how many redditors does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many lightbulbs does it take to change a lightbulb?
Math joke: Why do so many math majors confuse Halloween and Christmas?
What has over a hundred teeth and keeps back Godzilla?
how do you call those guys who hang around with musicians all the time?
How many light bulbs did it take to screw a human?
What does 90 year old pussy taste like?
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb?
What did the underweight onion say to the garlic?
What do old lady vaginas smell like?
[Russian Joke] What will the results of the next election be?
How many teenagers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many Irish does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Man goes to his son and asks 'Did you tip over the outhouse'?
Why was Karl Marx against Chinese mutes?
How many light bulbs does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Where do magical animals go to jail?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many members of Coldplay does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a vibrating cat?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many bassists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
how many pop punkers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many ska kids does it take to change a light bulb?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many sorority girls does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why aren't there more jokes based on haptics?
How many friendzoned guys does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many Arabs does it take to change a lightbulb?
What movie aspect ratio do cats prefer?
You know what's gay?
Why was Six afraid of Seven?
Why do Jews watch porno movies in reverse?
What do old people smell like?
What's the best kind of bee?
What happens if I make a cake with washing soda, not baking soda?
What is Popeye's favorite Led Zeppelin song?
What do you call somebody after you give them a noogie?
Why do pirates take so long to learn the alphabet?
What's the definition of "trust"?
How does every black guy joke start?
What do you call a mexican protein?
What's the difference between a drummer and shoes in a dryer?
Did you hear about the cannibal in the colosseum?
Why should you bury indians 10 feet deep?
Why didn't the ghost go to the dance?
What does Nic Cage have in common with Asian fathers?
What do you find in a pumpkins pants?
Why are recycle bins optimistic?
Why did the skeleton leave the party?
Why did the ghost get kicked out of the bar?
Why did the Eskimos have to stop partying?
Why didn't ken and barbie ever have kids?
How do you make a ginger snap?
Why did the ghost go into the elevator?
What is green and has cake?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
How many people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What does a dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac spend most of his time doing?
What did batman say to robin before they got in the car?
What do you call a fat cow..?
What was the victim of the car crash wearing?
Why is a giraffe's neck so long?
How you turn a washer into a snow blower?
Why does Naruto vomit after every meal?
What's brown and sticky?
How often did the asian cow go to the gym?
What is 1 + 1?
how do socks reproduce?
What is Kanye West's favourite kind of omelette?
Whats black and sits at the top of the stairs after a house fire?
What do you call an Asian pornstar?
How long does it take King Zora to move out of your way?
What do you call a Russian wearing a head scarf, a balaclava and a helmet?
What happened when the joker dropped an elephant carrying a ten ton weight on Batman and Robin?
Did you hear about the serial killer who was coming out of retirement?
what do you get when you cross a donkey and an onion?
What does a virgin eat for breakfast?
What's the greatest trick the Austrians ever pulled off?
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Ferrarri?
What time does Sean Connery get to Wimbledon?
Any good chemistry jokes?
How do Ghosts get Drunk?
What's the difference between a joke and 3 dicks?
What do you call an expensive circumcision?
What causes a pilot to cry after sex?
What did the 2 tampons say to each other?
The best part about being ugly?
What's the difference between a wife and a girlfriend?
What do Hillbillies do for Halloween?
Did you hear about the guy with a jurisprudence fetish?
What do liberal arts majors yell when overwhelmed?
How do you know your sister's on her period?
What kind of jokes does a mute clown tell?
What do Asians do during an erection?
How many mathematician does it take to change a lightbulb?
How much does a hipster weigh?
What did the boy pee say to the girl pee?
In response to the Country Singer lightbulb joke, how many guitarists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Sayings always said with sarcasm. Any examples?
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why don't mathematicians ever get blackout drunk?
It's My First Cake Day and I'm Scrambling. How Does Moses Make his Tea?
What can you find in the middle of no where?
What is Michael Jackson's favorite piano chord?
Why did the paraplegic man cross the road?
Did you see that new porno for necrophiliacs?
What is the motto for the Epilepsy Research Society?
Why is North Korea so lame?
What has seven arms and sucks?
What do you call getting a movie about Norse gods from the Internet?
Did you hear about the psychic midget who is wanted by the FBI?
What does the “B” in Benoit B Mandelbrot stand for?
What has a tongue, cannot walk, but gets around a lot?
Why did the German watchmaker say to the watch that kept saying "Tick, tick, tick, tick,..."?
When is the only time you can park like a retard?
What's the difference between humor and odor?
Why was the skeleton embarrassed?
Do you know what a sex stone is?
What do you call the teacher who lost her baby?
Wanna hear a joke about paper?
What did the NSA agent say to the other NSA agent when he saw the German Chancellor?
What do you call a tooth in a glass?
How does this name fit?
What did one tampon say to the other when they passed each other on the street?
What happens to the cannibal who is late to the party?
Why was the airport depressed?
What did the hat say to the other hat?
Wanna hear a pun about a sausage?
What is the hardest part about eating vegetables?
Why did the lollipop cross the road?
How many mutants do you need to take over a Ship?
What is your favorite joke about women?
When does a heterosexual man leave a gay bar?
How do you know when you're REALLY drunk ?
Yo gurl is your dad in prison?
too soon?
Can I ask you a self-referential question?
What happened to the Greek dairy farmer who got robbed on his way to market?
Did you hear about the dyslexic who sold his soul to Santa?
What do you get when you roll weed on a dictionary?
Why shouldn't you join Alcoholics Anonymous on Thanksgiving?
Do these jeans make me look fat?
REQUEST: any Greg Giraldo jokes or is it still too soon?
Got any funny fortune cookie idea's?
What do you call a dictatorship founded on the principles of Ethos, Logos & Pathos?
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
Why doesn't UGA ever have a nativity scene at Christmas?
Did you hear about the Bob Marley impersonator?
Why can't ghosts make babies?
Did you hear about that party at Thor's?
What's the difference between a bad coffee in Switzerland and a bad coffee in Italy?
Did you know that Native Americans were really good strippers?
What's the best part of having sex with twenty one year olds?
Why doesn't Rihanna smoke weed anymore?
Why should you always finish telling your jokes to David Carradine?
When is a door not a door?
Where does Dracula live?
Opposites?
How amphetamine addiction is called?
How do birds record their songs ?
Why did President Kennedy never get drunk?
What happened to the fly that sat on the toilet seat?
What type of pants does Mario wear?
What's the difference between a rectal thermometer and an oral thermometer?
How do you know when the drummer has shown up for band practice?
What is 6 inches long 2 inches wide and makes a woman crazy?
Did you hear the one about the constipated mathematician?
How do you stop a nuclear bomb from squeaking...?
What did the rock say when he went metamorphic?
Why did the cannibal have an upset stomach?
Why do they call it an Xbox One?
What's the hardest part of the vegetable to eat?
What did one tampon say to the other?
What do you call a cow jumping over a barbed wire fence?
What's the best part of punching a tranny in the face?
Have you ever read "The Longest Joke in the World"?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
What did the green grape say to the purple grape?
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs?
What's Mary short for?
What's black and eats pussy?
What did the chinese guy tell the police when he was caught?
Did you hear about the Dick that graduated from Law School?
I'm dressing up as a (dead) hooker for Halloween...what are some lines you NEVER want to hear a hooker say?
Did you hear about the clarinet player who left her clarinet in the backseat of her unlocked car?
How are teenaged boys like the enzyme helicase?
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom?
Did you know that yeast cells are incestuous?
Did you hear about the guy who mixed viagra and laxatives?
[Reguest] Can you tell me a joke that's translatable in any language?
Did you hear about corduroy pillow cases?
How do they make Holy Water?
Who is a bodybuilder's favourite painter?
Why do drummers carry transparent lunchboxes?
(Warning:lame music joke. I just came back from a classicical music concert) Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do you call a person of mixed heritage from eastern Turkey/northern Iraq, and from Wisconsin?
Why should you wash your hair with counterfeit feces?
Why do Africans wear baggy pants?
What's the difference between Jesus, and a picture of Jesus?
What's brown and rhymes with "snoop"?
Do Rabbis get paid for performing circumcisions?
Why didn't the man buy Velcro shoes?
I know they're bad but ya wanna know why I love dead baby jokes?
Did you hear about the new Canadian pornographic news network?
What did the Mexican say when the house fell on him?
Did you hear they're going to print the Daily Mail on A1 sheets?
How old do you think I am?
What does Sean Connery call a greedy oyster?
What do you call a midget with leprosy?
What do you call a black guy in a cockpit?
What does Al-Libi use for his defense during his trial?
what's the difference between a normal consumer and a prostitute?
How do you know when your dog is a bad hot dog?
What did the cumulus cloud say to the stratus cloud?
Why did the pirate's rap song become such a hit?
what did Cindarella say when she got to the ball?
Cop Jokes?
What is the difference between a girl in church and a girl in a bathtub?
What does DMX say when he has trouble putting on a hoodie?
What do you call tension in the percussion section?
What is a pirate's favorite letter?
Why did the pony have such a hard time talking?
What did the Australian say when he won a game of chess?
Did you hear Miley Cyrus got a new job?
Did you hear they recently opened a bar on the moon?
Why is a dance like a bowl of cereal?
How do you make a hormone?
What did the picky cow say?
How are lawyers and apples similar?
What do you call a cow that just had a baby?
What's a four letter word for intercourse ending with K?
Why did the storm trooper buy an iPhone?
What did the doe say when she came out of the woods?
Sweetie, will you buy me a cellphone?
Why didn't Tim have any friends while he was studying fishing?
What do you call a lawyer up to his neck in cement?
Matt Schaub and Eli Manning walk into a bar. What happened?
What did the wolfman say to the sentient AI?
How does Bob Marley like his doughnuts?
How far can you walk into the forest?
Why do mermaids wear seashells?
What is the difference between "ooo" and "aaa"?
What do you call the bad part of Italy?
What's the difference between Twitter and Game of Thrones?
Hey does anyone know how to spell antidisestablishmentarianism?
What's the best thing about twenty-three year olds?
Did i tell you that someone hit me over the head with a power tool the other day?
What do you call someone who confuses Emma Stone and Mila Kunis in a movie?
How do old people go to the bathroom?
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
How do you titillate an ocelot?
What did the armless warrior say to his opponent before battle?
What do you call it when a lizard has problems in the bedroom?
Why cant miss piggy count to 70?
If pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of progress?
Divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter, and what do you get?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth on the pizza?
What would you have if all autos in the US were painted pink?
Why does green think yellow is such a slut?
What did the blind prostitute say to the guy with five dicks?
What's the difference between an accordion and an onion?
Why did the girl blush when she opened the fridge?
What does violent diarrhoea and a bar fight have in common?
What do you call a male cow wearing a pink shirt, orange shorts, and a purple backpack?
How many hippies does it take to change a light bulb?
What happens when a political party filled with loyal members builds its entire platform on being unwilling to cooperate with the opposing party in a system based on compromise between parties that share power?
Why could the witch never get the enchantments right?
How many Deadheads (Grateful Dead fans) does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the definition of macho?
What's a clown's favorite thing to eat?
What did one earthquake say to the other?
Why did the melon plan a big elaborate wedding?
What did one unemployed cancer cell say to the other?
How do you fix a broken jack-o-lantern?
What do you call a women who cant draw?
What do you call a rape in the military?
Why are Apple products popular with hipsters?
A challenge for /r/jokes: What's your funniest yet least known joke?
How Do You Kill An Anorexic?
Why are there exactly two hundred and thirty nine beans in an Irish Bean Soup?
What do you get if an elephant has sex with a rabbit?
How do you know which potato is a prostitute?
What do you have in a room full of tweakers?
How do you get a black guy out of a tree?
In what month are Rabbis dishonest?
What's the difference between an Irish Catholic and a Roman Catholic?
What does Matthew Shephard hate more than being raped, having AIDS, and being pistol whipped?
Why wouldn't you ask the zebra for music advice?
What do you call a robotic priest?
How did the detective solve his cold-case?
Why was Noah a great economist?
Why don't electrical engineers get girls?
What do gay people call each other on?
What's the difference between a black guy and a pizza?
Does your face hurt?
Are you a VIRGIN?
What do you say to a thin American?
Have you ever seen the inside of an ac compressor?
What did 50 cent say to his grandma after she crocheted him a sweater?
What do you call it when you wake up with a boner and wait till you go limp to urinate?
why do women fake orgasms?
Hey reddit, guess what's funnier than 24?
where do you send a jewish kid with ADD?
What does a sperm cell have in common with a lawyer?
When is a testicular tumor like a bingo ball?
how do you make pickle bread?
what is the difference between mosquito and prostitute?
What is the difference between a guitar player and government bonds?
So a man buying stolen goods gets caught, and is given one phone call, who does he call?
Why are Nazis such bad DJs?
How do you get a bass player off of your porch?
did you hear about the Chinese lift repairman?
What do you get when you cross a republican house with a democratic senate?
Can't remember the name of that 80's song, huh?
What do cubs fans do after they win the world series?
How does Lil Wayne get inspiration for his new music?
What's the difference between the Olympic long distance race and the Paralympic long distance race?
Why did the male spider spin a web?
Did anyone see the original joke posted on this sub today?
Whats the least paying job?
What do you call a group of fundamentalist mathematicians?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
Did you hear about the 6 guys and the woman that went fishing?
What´s the only white thing about a black guy?
Why is NASA having a lawsuit filed against them from animal protection?
What's the difference between a Snickers and my girlfriend?
(This one is better when spoken) Did you hear about the man with two penises?
What's the difference between GTA V Online and a non-essential government employee?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Who's the world most famous blacksmith?
How many babies does it take to paint a house?
How many members of Linkin Park does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How do you make a handkerchief dance?
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino?
How many members of Coldplay does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What don't you want to hear after performing oral sex on Willie Nelson?
What's the difference between a pregnant lady and a lightbulb?
Did you hear that the Jim Henson company is making a show about meth-cooking?
Why does riding in an elevator make ghosts happy?
Where do Pandas live?
Why aren't there any knock-knock jokes about freedom?
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa Claus?
What did the farmer say after he fed his cows pot?
Why does Michael Jackson like 26 year Olds?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Do you hear about the 2 Irish gays?
What do Saddam Hussein and Little Miss Muffet have in common?
What was the console gamer's New Years Resolution?
How are bad dubstep and constipation similar?
Why did Tony the Tiger go to prison?
What's the difference between the jokes from today and next week's jokes?
What do you call an incredibly well-dressed punk?
Why did the airport luggage checker refuse to date the depressed man?
Did you hear about that guy going around stealing everybody's Flamin' Hot Cheetos?
Where did Susie go during the bombing?
What are Mario's pants made of?
Why is the letter E lazy?
Why is golf better than sex?
What is 6.9?
Why don't gays like to play hide-and-seek?
If you woke up alone in the woods with your pants at your ankles and a condom in your ass, would you tell anyone?
What did the leper say to the hooker?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
What's fun about having sex with twenty-one year olds?
What do you call it when a guy fucks a girl and never calls her again?
Want to hear a joke about Potassium?
I was at a hockey game yesterday and I came up with this horrible joke. Why are women bad luck at hockey games?
What do you call bees that make milk instead of honey?
Why do you hate a nosey pepper?
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam?
Did you hear about the new anti-depressant for lesbians?
What color are your panties, babe?
How can you tell that a black person used your computer?
Why don't churches, synagogues, mosques and temples have Wi-Fi?
Why do women prefer 77 more than 69?
What do you call pickled bread?
What is the difference between a Greek spearman and a pale beer?
How do you get down off an elephant?
What was the last thing that went through the fly's head when he hit the windshield?
Where does biggest potato grow?
What is E.T short for?
Why don't lobsters share?
What is the difference between a hormone and a enzyme ?
Why did the 14 year old Mexican girl end up pregnant?
What does seven days without exercise make?
Did you hear about the guy ducking charges of sheep rape?
What is the internal temperature of a tauntaun?
Why do dwarfs always laugh when they are playing football?
Why doesn't a chicken coop have four doors?
What do you call a wandering caveman?
Why is it so tough to please girls?
Why did the lights go out?
Why don't blind people go skydiving?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Do ya know the difference between Scots and Scotch?
Why is it so hard to explain metaphors to a kleptomaniac?
What is the last thing you want to hear after sucking Willie Nelsons dick?
Who's the most badass flower salesman?
Why should I date you?
Where did Pedobear go to college?
What jokes do you know that can only be understood if you know two (or more) languages?
How do ghosts get ghouls interested in them?
What's the difference between the French and toast?
I made a joke: What is a fruit bun's favourite subject in a Pub Quiz?
What do you call a prostitute with her hands up her own skirt?
Why can't you tell knock knock jokes about freedom?
Repost- How do you circumcise a redneck?
How were you conceived?
What's the difference between pussy and parsley?
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scottish Highlander?
What's the difference between humor and odor?
Why was 6 afraid if 7?
What do call groups of the 5 most dangerous animals?
What's the difference between a lawyer and an angry rooster?
I blow, but I don't swallow. I whip, but don't do chains. Some watch me and feel proud, while others feel ashamed. What am I?
What's the difference between a Genealogist and a Gynecologist?
Have you watched the documentary about sponges?
What do you call a Mexican dessert that won't sink? (Or) What do you call an effeminate Mexican custard?
Did ya' hear about the bear that tried to fly from British Columbia to New York?
Why does the dyslexic Spanish speaker have a poor self image?
What's the difference between a well dressed man and a tired dog?
What's the difference between fancy food and military food?
Why do comedians hate noble gasses?
What's the worst thing about sex?
What did the bad shock tell the good shock?
Have you heard what scientists are saying about Pluto?
Did you hear about the alligator who couldn't get a hard-on?
What do Roman Doctors call I.V.s?
What's a pirate's worst nightmare?
Why are there no knock knock jokes about America?
What do you call the Mexican version of the NSA?
Why was old Bilbo's body found with a massive erection?
What is the cheapest kind of meat you can buy?
What Engineer Designed The Human Body?
What do you call Shaka Zulu with a Fire Cracker?
Did you hear about the gangsta proctologist?
Where are PCs formed?
How do you stop a dog from humping your leg?
Why do pirates like TIG welding so much?
What does Reddit need?
What kind of online videos do fish love to watch?
What did the 0 say to the 8?
What do you call Atheism?
Do you know who wants some good D?
What do a burnt pizza, a frozen beer, and a pregnant woman have in common?
Did you hear pooh bear went gangsta?
Did you hear about the time traveler who finished his plate?
What is your favorite fruit?
What do you get when you goose a ghost?
What kind of bees make milk?
What do you get if you cross a brown chicken and a brown cow?
What does a member of the British Royal Family say when they are reaching climax?
Why did the gay scarecrows get divorced after their surrogate mother aborted their IVF baby on obamacare?
Why was it easier for the whistleblower to leave American soil earlier in the year?
What is on the Pink Panther's to-do list?
How is a computer like an air conditioner?
What do you call a stupid arachnid?
How do you get down off an elephant?
What is the worst part about breaking up with a japanese girl?
Why did the pirate update his Macbook?
What does the Doctor say on a one-night stand going wrong?
Where does a psychologist keep his boat?
Wanna get laid?
What do you call the director of Kill Bill out in the sun?
What is irony?
Why did the kiddie pool have no friends?
How to put 7 holes in 1 hole?
Why can't pirates wear sunglasses?
What's the best part about showering with a 5 year-old?
What does a hungry clock do?
Why Did Hitler commit suicide?
Why were the Libyans eating money?
Why don't U2's lawyers ever make any money?
What did the redditor say when he opened his package from the UniBomber?
[Mysoginistic joke] What's the definition of the perfect woman?
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger become after he resigned as Governor of California?
Why did the thief killed himself after getting caught stealing instruments from an orchestra?
What does a dyslexic, agnostic insomniac do at night?
Why should you never make fun of a fat girl with a lisp?
How do you make a fat chick orgasm?
Have you been drinking sir?
What's the opposite of irony?
what happens when you pop a cherry?
Why do fat chicks give good head?
What is the most important thing for a hungry shark?
Yeah, did you hear about the really chatty snake gynecologist?
What does a nosy pepper do?
What do you call a mathematician at the beach?
Did you know that 90% of all dog in South Korea are inbred?
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say to Beethoven on the way to the fancy dress party?
Did you hear about the sale of lesbian beds at IKEA?
What did the kids say to the gay rabbit?
What do you call a pepper on a string that comes back to you?
What do you call a bear in the rain?
Why is it difficult to explain puns to kleptomaniacs?
What do you call an artist with a brown finger?
How do you catch a rabbit?
Why did the lettuce blush?
Why is a coin factory so logical?
Q: What's the shortest book ever written?
How did the hipster﻿ burn his tongue?
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a lightbulb?
What is enjoyed if it is wanted and hated if its not?
What do you call potato friends?
What did the Chinese man give his daughter?
Did you hear the one about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac?
Would you like to hear a good joke about Jonestown Massacre?
Have any you ever tried to throw out a garbage can ?
What do u call two lesbians floating down a river in a canoe?
Who is both a knight and a spy?
What did Kenny G say when he got off the elevator?
Why was the nerd not late for class?
How did the lesbian couple build their house?
What did the traffic light say to the car?
Why did the ghost cross the road?
When does a pentagon not have 5 sides?
Why couldn't the NSA do anything after the blizzard?
What's a hard drive's favorite band?
How do you get a redneck to suck your dick?
Why did no one laugh at the hot dogs joke?
What hangs at a man's thigh, and wants to poke the hole it's often poked before?
Which city u cannot enter?
Are you fond of alternative sources for cooling technologies?
Why did the introduction and the conclusion break up?
The documentary who?
What'd the Mexican say when he was upset?
What's a word that starts with "N" that you don't want to call a black person?
What do you call a Mexican maid with no legs?
Need an ark?
What's a nymphomaniac's favorite candy bar?
What is the difference between cats and commas?
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off?
Have you been a good girl?
What does it mean to give more than 100%?
Why do hipsters love 'Raiders of the Lost Ark'?
Why are there no Walmarts in Syria?
What do you get when you suck all of the Botox out of Madonna?
Did you hear about the Texas hipster whose bicycle was broken?
Why did the Chihuahua put on a jacket?
What did the gay Mexican dentist ask his boyfriend for?
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume?
Guess my age?
Where will Miley Cyrus go when her showbiz career is over?
What do you find in a rythmic bakery?
What do you call a Japanese boy who just got beat by his dad after getting got masterbating?
What did the writer say when he glued himself to his book?
what's the worst part for a zombie about eating a vegetable?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
Ready for hell?
what’s the difference between an old greyhound bus terminal and a lobster with 36B breasts?
What is long and hard that women don't have compulsorily?
What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW?
Is fashion all about clothes?
What is the difference between deer nuts and beer nuts?
OK Reddit, whats the best 9/11 Joke You've Ever Heard?
How can you tell if your wife is dead?
Did you know that diarrhea is genetic?
What's the difference between Preston Coach Terminal and a lobster with 34e breasts?
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11?
Did you hear the joke about the UPS guy?
What's the best thing to come out of Oklahoma?
Why was the young boy crying?
Why is Oklahoma so windy?
Did you hear about the dog that's become the first to officially own pieces of art?
What do you call a wind that never gusts?
What's the best part about being African?
Why do cows never walk out of horror movies?
What's the difference between my penis and the Three Stooges?
Sex in the middle of the highway!?
What's the difference between Justin Bieber and a lawyer?
What kind of music does a factory worker listen to?
Where do the gays in New Mexico live?
What did 0 say to 8?
What do you call it when batman skips church?
Did you hear oxygen and magnesium started dating?
How do you send a sandwich to someone on a computer?
What do you find in the Pope's toilet?
If a person were to give a speech about Mozart, where would they be most likely to do it?
Why did Princess Diana cross the road?
What do you call someone who LOVES Wikipedia?
Why did the squirrel swim on its back?
Know how I upset my balcony?
Why did the hipster burn his tongue on his pizza?
Why did the bacon laugh?
which city u cannot enter???????????????????????
What do you call it when a homeless wino robs a gay man in a park late at night?
Why do women wear make-up and perfume?
What was the Mathematician's Favorite Johnny Depp Movie?
What's the difference between an flautist and a Porsche?
How does a space class start a party?
Don't you hate people that answer their own questions?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
Why did the coed have sex with a Mexican?
What do you milk you can't see?
guess what?
How do you re-use a condom?
What are some good conversation starter jokes you can think of?
What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone?
What does the DJ do when he spills acid?
Do you want to know a good Jewish wine?
What's white and washes your socks?
How does a woman destroy a mans pride with 4 words?
What is the best way to get over a guy/girl?
How are you going to celebrate 9-11?
What do you call it when you're run over by a German?
Why don't seagulls fly over the bay?
What was the best use of the phrase "That's what she said" you've ever heard in person?
you met the short guy who came out of the cupboard?
Do you suck ?
What is the difference between a dead baby and a water melon?
Why did the feminist get raped?
What did the metaphysicist say when he came out of the bathroom?
You guys wanna hear a construction joke?
What do you name a dog with no legs?
Have you ever been in a Schindler's Lift?
Why are manhole covers circular?
If Adam Sandler, Rob Schneider and Dennis Dugan are in a plane and the plane crashes, who will survive?
Why did Dr.Pepper blush?
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose?
What's the longest Island in New York?
What do deviant nuns have?
Why did Jimmy bring his cat to school?
Why do elephants drink?
What is black and white and red all over?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
How do you make a hormone?
A Riddle: Where did the apple go when it's parents died?
What is Swizz Beatz's favorite breakfast meal?
Did you hear about the Scooby Doo villain who became an Olympic swimmer?
Why do vampires hate Texas Roadhouse?
do you know?
Did you hear there was a fire in George Bushes personal library?
Ever had sex while camping?
Did you hear about the girl who was dating the guy with the wooden leg?
How do you reward a chicken journalist?
What do you call the ghost of a chicken?
What is an ear of corn's favourite Leonardo DiCaprio movie?
Did you know Steve Irwin would still be alive if he wore sunscreen?
Why are there fences around cemeteries?
Why does the bass fart a half-tone flatter than every other fish?
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex?
What does picking your nose and masturbating have in common?
Why did I cross the road?
Why did the doctor kick his patients?
What's the difference...?
What's Moby Dick's dads name?
What does DNA stand for?
Why did the hipster burn his tongue?
Why was Nancy always on top when the Reagans made love?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
Does anybody know if Maternity Wards are open today?
Why does a fat man when squeezed compliment the ladies?
Why does Mrs. Claus not have any kids?
Why is a restless man in bed like a lawyer?
I heard "...and that's when the fight started." jokes today for the first time. What's your best one?
Did you hear about the man who spent his whole life trying to perfect cloning technology?
Why doesn't Mexico have an olympic team?
did you hear about the kid who read a book about anti gravity?
What's the opposite of running away and getting married?
Did you hear about the magician who could create things out of thin air?
What do you get when hou bring a Greek and a Swede together?
Did you hear about the unreleased Western starring Bruce Lee?
What do I have in common with neutrinos?
What do you call 2 ducks who walk like, act like, and believe they are geese?
What do you call a Mexican that can't cross the border?
What did a tree say to another tree?
What do you call an asian walking a dog?
What did the time traveller do after he ate the last bite of his dinner?
What's the difference between a Mexican and an elevator?
What did the Doe say when she walked out of the bushes?
Why do flies hate the shower?
How do you keep a moron in suspense?
What is blonde and brown blonde and brown blonde and brown?
what do a divorce and a tornado have in common in west virginia?
Who is the most popular guy in a swingers' club?
Did you hear Gotye converted from Judaism to Catholicism?
what do eggs benedict and a blow job have in common?
What do you call a gang of tires?
What do you call a guy with no arms and legs in a hot dog bun?
What's the most indian bone in the human body?
What do you call something that only 9 or 11 can fix?
What do you call an artist in a dark alley?
What do a Tupperware designer and a horny walrus have in common?
How do you get an r/jokes redditor confused?
Why are dentists usually always male?
What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer?
How many guys in the friend zone does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do a call a midget psychic that just robbed a bank?
Did you hear about the horny Asian janitor?
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a toddler?
What's it called when a pig kills itself?
What do a pizza guy and a gynecology have in common?
Why do Ken and Barbie never have kids?
What do you get when you cross a nymphomaniac with a kleptomaniac?
what do you call it when 3 muppets have sex together?
What entrance do prostitutes use?
What's the difference between love and herpes?
How do you project confidence?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
How do you start a rave in Africa?
Wanna See a perfect Relationship?
Why did god invent patchouli?
Why did Lady Gaga wear seashells to the VMAs?
What do you get when you cross a philosopher, an insomniac and a dyslexic?
How are peanut butter and jelly related?
How many Freuds does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What happens when you zip up a lion?
How does Queen Elizabeth win a game of poker?
What about the man with nobody and no nose?
What do you call a pile of kittens?
What do you call a gay satanist?
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito?
What do you call a fat man in a bath ?
What's the difference between a woman and a toilet?
What Did MLK Say When Asked If He Suffered From Jock Itch?
What do you call a gay dinosaur?
What do you call an angry German?
Whats the hardest part of rollerblading?
Have you heard about the man who got cooled to absolute zero??
How does Bob Marley like his donuts?
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
Why do fat white women like black guys?
Why was the woman sent to jail for 12 months, while the man got a year?
Did you hear about the famous Italian chef that recently died?
I am extremely offended by the song "God is Dead" by Black Sabbath. How can Ozzy Osbourne possibly sing that?
How do you titillate an ocelot?
How is a lonely twig like a piece of cling wrap?
Why are black people so tall?
What did the two iPhones say to the two iPads?
Who discovered Victoria Falls?
What has 2 legs and bleeds......?
What's the difference between a girlfriend and a wife?
Why was the ghost on an episode of Hoaders?
What's slimy cold long and smells like pork?
What do you call a Nun that bites her nails?
What happens if you don't keep up payments to your exorcist?
What did the Canadian think of his hardwood flooring?
How did Jesus feel when He was crucified by the jews?
How does Moses make his tea?
What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common?
What is Mike Tyson's favorite thing for a woman to wear?
What did one tree say to the other?
What does a redditor do after his picket fence is installed?
I (maybe?) came up with this joke today. What do you call a lost caveman?
How do you foil a plan?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
What's the difference between a car tyre, and 365 condoms?
Whats the difference between a prostitute and a crack dealer?
Why did the mushroom get invited to the party?
Why are New Yorkers so depressed?
What did Simba say to his dad when he was moving too slow?
What's the stupidest joke you've ever heard?
What happens when Fonzie doesn't fold his clothes after doing laundry?
How do you catch a steroidal fish?
What does Subway and a Hollywood Tranny have in common?
What does a promiscuous homosexual have in common with a popular homeless person?
What's the speed limit of sex?
What's the difference between a fake orgasm and a fake Christmas tree?
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg?
Why should Steve Irwin have put on sunscreen?
why is oral sex better than cake?
What do you call a hundred women in a tree?
How do you make a dwarf taller?
Which car will you get in heaven?
What's green and eats nuts?
How many Freudians does it take to change a light bulb?
You all know any good masturbation jokes?
Why do women fake orgasms?
What's a calender's favorite fruit?
How do you email a sandwich?
Did you here about the two faces being added to MT. Rushmore?
Where do you find a dog with no legs?
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs driving a car?
How did the midget feel after sleeping all night in a coffin?
Why did the chef add extra oregano to the sauce?
Why did they stop feeding cows the round bails of Hay in Texas?
How do you feel when there's no more coffee?
What can a cup of coffee and a cow that's had an abortion have in common?
What does a rock artist say to a jazz musician?
What do brunettes and red-heads do on Friday nights?
What do you call poor pasta?
How do you fit an elephant into a safeway bag?
What's the difference between a dog?
Do you know a joke in a Foreign Language?
What do you tell a woman with black eyes?
How did Helen Keller break her arm?
What do you call a blonde Jew?
What do you get when you cross an orthodontist and a secret agent?
What is the national front's favorite curry?
Why could Darren jump higher than Zeus?
What happened to the two zombies who went on a date?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
What does Mr. Miyagi do when he gets home from a date?
Do you know why 6 is afraid of 7?
What can turn a fruit into a vegetable?
Do you need an Ark?
Oh, so you're a Shania Twain fan, eh?
Ever wonder about those people who spend $2.00 on those little bottles of Evian water?
What do you call a cheap hooker's snatch?
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable?
How do you keep your hair from blowing everywhere when you drive in a convertible?
What did Johann Sebastian Bach do when someone steam-rolled his organ?
Why are women called bitches?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
What type of shoes do pedophiles wear?
Anybody heard about that new drug for lesbians?
What is brown and sticky?
What do you call a bald porcupine?
Did you hear about the suicidal dolphin?
Did you hear about the famous musical gay trio?
Why didn't the Chinese guy get any time off from work when he told them about his son's death?
What did the blind man say when he walked past the fish market?
What do you call a whore famous among pickles?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
What do you get when you cross a highway with a lawnmower?
Why were the ancient Greeks considered so brave on the battlefield?
How do you stop a Mexican tank?
What do you call 2 Asians playing basketball?
Will carrying a torch save you from an attacking bear?
Why didn't Hitler drink?
What type of animals are put on envelopes?
I go in hard and come out soft You blow me hard what am I?
What did the inflatable principal say to the inflatable student who brought a pin to the inflatable school?
What did the bartender say to the bear?
What do you call houses who have good behavior?
Have you seen the photo of me and REM?
Why are Jews so rich?
What's the difference between a pig and a musician?
Michael Jackson, too soon?
You know Coca Cola's newest advertising campaign in russia?
Why don't black people get sunburns?
What's a Canadian Anarchist's favorite shape?
Is sex work?
Did it hurt when you were circumcised?
Where did you leave your legless dog?
What do you call it when two Mexicans were in a car accident and one had both legs amputated?
If you had a 12 inch dick sticking out of the middle of your forehead, how many inches of it would you be able to see?
Why couldn't Jesus's eat m&m's?
How many jews fit in a car?
Why do so many Australian men experience premature ejeculation?
What's the difference between a golf ball and a Ford?
What's upside down and downside up at the same time ?
What was the first profession to go all digital?
How do you make endocrine?
What did the chef say to the man who wouldn't eat alphabet soup?
What gets whiter as it gets dirtier?
How many Economists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Screw for a Hinge?
How do you make estrogen?
What time do dentists fly airplanes?
What did airport security tell the Dentist?
Anyone else want to join my all Mexican tribute band?
How did Han Solo enter the world?
What does a Transvestite do on Xmas day?
What do 9 out of 10 people love?
What did Cindarella say when she got to the ball?
Why did the little girl fall off the swing?
If you used a keyboard with built-in speakers, you would be...?
What do you call a pompous Hobbit?
Why did Princess Di cross the road?
Why was the whale lonely after his date?
If 'Blasian' is the mix of Asian and black, what do you get when you mix white and Indian?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What is courage??
What's brown and sounds like a bell?
What does a feminist use as a contraceptive?
Did you know that a male ejaculates at 27mph?
How do you keep the Kansas City Chiefs away from your house?
How many monkeys does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What did the pilot say to the co-pilot right before the UPS plane crash in Alabama?
Why did the French chef commit suicide?
How many MRAs does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What is the internal temperature of a Taunton?
What do Japanese men do when they have erections?
What is the difference between Princess Diana and Tiger Woods?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
I see your thesaurus joke and raise you mine. Did you here about the truck full of thesauruses that crashed?
What's the last thing that goes through a fly's mind when it hits a car windscreen?
How many Greeks does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How do they know that Princess Diana had dandruff?
Do you know what an Australian kiss is?
What is the fakest part of Skyrim?
Why's making love so enjoyable?
What do you call a group of yogurt loving boat enthusiast?
Why was Noah a great businessman?
Are you pudgey?
What do you call a female peacock?
Why did the blonde have bruises on her belly button?
Why did the black man walk into a bar?
Or What?
What did the stormtrooper say when he was frying Luke's aunt and uncle?
Who is missing an egg?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What did batman say to robin?
How do you find a blind man at a nudist colony?
What do phone books and women have in common?
What does a cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
Why do people hate playing uno with Mexicans?
You know what they say about a guy with tiny arms?
What do you call it when thieves in a metal boat steal your fool's gold?
I know its slightly distasteful but, what's the best way to punish a blind kid?
What did the court jester call the balding crown prince?
Why was diarrhoea classified under hereditary diseases?
Wilson & Jesus?
What is it called when an old priest and a nun having sex both crap in the bed?
What do you get when you mix human DNA with zebra DNA?
What happens to Captain America when he dies?
What did Joss say on the last day of shooting the Avengers?
What did Thor say to the weaver fixing his cape?
Did you hear about the dyslexic devil worshipper ?
What do you call Iron Man when he is feeling sad?
Why did the pickle stop being a contortionist?
What did one tampon say to the other?
How do you circumcise a hillbilly?
Why is a bullet like a gay man?
What's the difference between a dirty old bus station and a lobster with boobs?
What kind of vehicle did they use to transport prisoners to concentration camps during the holocaust?
What is a cat's favorite tropical destination?
What's the best thing about having sex with 23 year olds?
How can you tell someone is vegan?
How ugly was she?
Did you know that Santa Claus is both an arborist and a geologist?
What kind of bees make milk?
You know what the say about men with big shoes?
Did you hear the joke about the Hassidic jew dentist who only puts braces on every third tooth?
What do you call an attractive bee who goes to bars?
What do you call a man who has sex with his 9 year old wife?
Do you know a good veterinarian?
Who Am I?
How many Northern Californians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Do you know why Jewish men are circumcised?
How do you make a Jewish girl scream twice?
Can the ninja throw his ninja stars?
Why did the excluded tree grow?
What game do enemy naval officers play in the sauna?
Why do Java Programmers wear glasses?
How do you get a white trash girl to suck your dick?
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other?
Why couldn't little Johnny get the toy he saw on TV?
What do Catholics and Baptists have in common?
What do you get when you cross the Queen of England and Prince Charles?
What's a joke that you invented?
ever have sex while camping?
do you sell wasps?
What is the last thing to go through a fly's mind when it hits a windshield?
Why is it so hard to contact comedians?
How can you tell vampirism is a disease?
Why was 9 mad at 0 after winning a game of bingo?
What does Tarzan sing at Christmas?
Why do the jews have such big noses?
Quest for most offensive joke?
[warning racist] wanna hear a dark joke?
How does a whore relieve herself?
What do you call a Russian with Tourette's syndrome?
Why did Silver have such a successful rap career?
What did the sign on the door of the whorehouse say?
Marriage to the end?
What do you call a bird with 3 wings and 3 legs?
What do you get when you cross a Drug cartel and a Mafia lord?
Why don't orphans play baseball?
What kind of lotion does a bullfighter use?
What do Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant, and LeBron James have in common that led to their success in the NBA?
What do you call an Asian prize fighter who's dad has a serious case of diarrhea?
What did the allergic say after getting stung by a bee?
Did you hear about the refuse collector in Pakistan who died after carrying too much rubbish?
[OC] What does a blind pessimist say?
Do you like Knock Knock jokes?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Why do cows have bells around their necks?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom?
How was copper wire invented?
How do you know when you're staying in a hillbilly hotel?
What do you pasta with a witty comeback?
What did one bird say to another bird on New Year's?
Why are C programmers poor?
What is the difference between brown nosing and butt kissing?
What's Irish and stays out all night?
What did the egg say to the pot of boiling water?
How did the hour and minute hands of the clock get cancer?
What's the most useless thing ever?
Did you hear about the bassist?
What song does a dwarf pimp sing?
What is a chronic masturbator's favorite dish?
What is a guy who hangs out with musicians called?
Who came after Augustus?
What's the best joke you know that's kid-safe?
What did the traffic light say to the car?
Ever blow bubbles as a kid?
Why couldn't the boy look at the Milky Way?
What do you call a psychic midget that broke out of jail?
What do you call masturbating on a plane?
How do Mexican peanuts tell time?
Whats the difference between a Polish woman and a hockey goalkeeper??
What does a greengrocer weigh?
What do you call it when a jewish submarine operator is discriminated against for being gay?
Where are all the people that just have one sclerosis?
How does Luke Skywalker get through the forest?
Why did the Origami Artist never win a poker match?
Need an Ark?
What do you call a Mexican Midget?
Why is a wizard so good in bed?
What do you get when you cross an English bulldog and a Shih Tzu?
Baseball heaven?
What percentage of germans are not nazis?
How does the man on the moon cut his hair?
Why didn't the butterfly go to the dance?
What is a homeless man's favorite type of music?
How do you make a hormone?
What's the internal tempered of a Taunton?
How many bears would Bear Grylls grill if Bear Grylls could grill bears?
How do you know when a black chick is pregnant?
Q: What do you call a powerful black guy?
Why did the squirrel swim on his back?
What's grey and comes in quarts?
What did the necrophile say to his ex-girlfriend?
Why did Xmen's Cyclops go to the doctors?
Where do Russian Spy's live?
What two games does Carl Sagan play at the bar?
What is the difference between a grizzly bear and a limp dick?
Have you heard about the new Web MD zodiac?
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord?
what's about 5 inches long and hasn't been inside another man in almost 2 weeks?
Do you have bread?
What does a cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
Have you heard about the gay bees with allergies?
What kind of music do rabbits listen to?
How do you know you sister is on her period?
How did Steve Jobs die?
Why did the woman sky-diver wear a jock strap?
What happens when Anthony Weiner tries to shake someones hand?
Have you ever ordered a honeymoon salad?
Why is Spider-Man a bad boyfriend?
Why is Stephen Hawking going to hell?
What's innuendo?
What did one tampon say to the other?
Did you hear about the guy who was obsessed with building HOV lanes through mountains?
What do wizards call unmagical African Americans?
What do you call a frog that jumps half the distance to its destination every time?
What's the difference between a dirty Greyhound station and a lobster with big breasts?
Why did the zombie get a gym membership?
Why didn't crab and lobster like to share?
What season is it when you are on a trampoline?
Did you hear about the dyslexic devil worshipper?
What's the best thing about twenty nine year olds?
Why did the Grim Reaper go to the shoe repair shop?
What do you call a Psychic Compromise?
When a vegetarian turns into a zombie, what does it eat?
Lots of nouns have particular GROUP names. A MOB of kangaroos, a HERD of cattle, a TEAM of footballers. What is the name for a group of Bankers?
What's the Titanic's Favorite Holiday?
What kind of bees produce milk?
What does a gay cow eat?
What is the square root of 69?
What do you call 5 black people on a plane?
Why do people with no arms have difficulty remembering?
Why are even the best forensic teams unable to catch hillbilly criminals?
What did the pastry chef say to his apprentice?
What do you call a deer that can't see?
Did you hear about the restaurant that got closed down because they were serving just the rear ends of animals?
What do you call a boat that gives fresh breath?
How much does a Hipster weigh?
Do you know what your pimples do while you're asleep?
Why did the Irish call their currency the "Punt" ?
Why do girls prefer to drive auto cars, instead of manual?
What do you get when you cross an Indian smoothie with a rescue dog?
What did the one wall say to the other wall?
A broom and a mop have sex. What happens next?
What do you call a gay guy in a coma?
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster and a hooker with diarrhea?
What happened to Mr. Potato Head when he smoked weed?
Whats the difference between an onion and a hooker?
What do you call a Frenchman with eleven penises?
How many redditors does it take to change a lightbulb?
One did one redditor say to the other?
What did the French skeleton say before he ate?
Why couldn't anyone hear Hellen Keller scream?
What is Bill Clinton's favorite instrument?
Heard about the Polish Coyote?
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe?
What's the worst kind of tea?
You know why Dolly Parton has small feet?
Weight discrimination and fat-shaming are a real problem in our society. Do you know what the worst source of fat-shaming is?
What did the dwarf pimp say to his working girl?
What's the difference between Japanese people and their food?
What kind of cheese did Medusa eat?
What do you call a blonde haired skeleton in the closet?
Why doesn't a rooster wear pants?
What do you call a black man who flies a plane for a living?
Scotland or Whales?
How do you flirt with a calligraphist?
26 letters, minus the U. What do you get?
Have you heard about the gay midget?
What's the difference between a fox and a dog?
Did you hear about the injured Carpenter?
Why did the business dog chase his tail?
What does a two-headed cat say??
What's more illegal than marijuana?
How do you know when a blonde is having a bad day?
Why did the duck go to the basketball game?
Why was the chef mad?
What do you say when someone asks you to make a fat person leave?
Why was the female bank teller angry?
Have you heard the one about the mentally challenged couple making love?
Where does a pirate keep his buccaneers?
How many drugs did Charlie Sheen take?
Why did the pervert cross the road?
Why did the black man buy 4 boxes of condoms?
What do you call a woman with boobs on her back?
Why did the black person cross the road?
How did Helen Keller break her hands?
Whats the technical term for a female to male sex change?
Which U.S. state abbreviation is the best?
What do you a call girl with a saggy vagina shaking her booty?
How Long Does It Take A Black Woman To Take A Dump?
What did Tennessee?
What did the two tampons have in common?
Why did the restaurant on the moon fail?
Why can't a bicycle stand on its own?
How do you know when a cat's done cleaning itself?
What's worse than finding a lobster on your piano?
What do you call a girl who only likes guys with big muscles?
What do you call a Middle Eastern moving company?
Why should you never BBQ on your roof?
slight variation on an arguable classic: How do mermaids reproduce?
Did you hear about the plastic surgeon that hung himself?
What's the last thing a Redneck says before he dies?
What's a pedophile's favorite part about Halloween?
What does a Jewish wife make for dinner?
Why did the blonde snort splenda?
Why don't debutantes like group sex?
How many "friend zoned" guys does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call a man that brews beer?
Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes?
What do you call a Greek intellectual that only eats kimchee?
How do you process a queue of table delete requests for an asynchronous database?
Why did the pedophile go into the cave?
How near was the boy to his dad's tobacco stash before getting busted?
What is green and smells like pork?
Who has to always be on there toes?
Why was the stadium so cool?
What did the guy with no arms and no legs get for christmas?
What do you call a lesbian that you can't understand?
(Male-related)When I have a double stream, is there something obstructing the penis?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
What's the difference between Iron Man and Iron Woman?
Did you hear about the cat that ate a ball of yarn?
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman naked?
What boxer's nickname is EEEEE?
Where do otters come from?
3 old ladies go to a baseball game with a bottle of liquor. They finish the bottle...what inning is it and what are the circumstances on the field?
What do you call a kid with no arms, no legs, and an eyepatch?
Whats the KKK's favorite type of cake?
Why are computers in Palestine really fast?
What's the hardest part to eat of a vegetable?
What is a Nazi baker's secret ingredient?
What are the 3 rings involved in marriage?
Why won't Malia and Sasha Obama's classmates gossip about them?
What's the difference between erotic and kinky?
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom?
What do you call a gay T-Rex?
What was special about Three-Eyed Suzie?
What does someone do after they eat too much bacon?
What do you call Bruce Lee stuffed in a shell?
What did the Buffalo say to his son on the first day of school?
What kind of pants does Mario wear?
What do a gynecologist and a pizza guy have in common?
How does an abortion doctor like his eggs?
Why was six afraid of seven?
What do you get when you shove an iPhone into a blender?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why couldn't the joke walk?
Why would I go to a high school reunion?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
What do a priest and a swimmer who came in second have in common?
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snow blower?
Did you hear about Stevie Wonder getting a cheese grater for his birthday?
How do Spaniards take their coffee?
What do Polar Bears eat for lunch?
Hey baby, are you a parking ticket?
What's the difference between pizza and your opinion?
What is the definition of trust?
What did the slut's left leg say to her right leg?
Wanna hear a cat joke?
What does Delia Smith say when she wants to fight a road?
Can I get my Check chased right now?
What did the man say to the bee who wanted to learn the alphabet?
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why couldn't the bee dress as a ghost for Halloween?
What's an archaeologist's favorite verb?
What happens when you mix human DNA with goat DNA?
What do you call an alligator in a vest?
Any good jokes involving an Armadillo, a banana and a grandmother?
Why did the policeman wake up his son?
What do you get when you cross a fish with an elephant?
Did you ever see that movie about constipation?
How does a French person sneeze?
How do you get rid of a fat ghost?
What's the difference between George Zimmerman and Trayvon Martin?
What do you call a train that has a tobacco addiction?
What's common to the cockpit of a modern fighter aircraft and the inside of a headhunter's hut?
Did you hear about the Mexican Army's new weapons?
What happened to the cowboy when he said that he was sick of washing cowhides at his side of the dairy?
Q: When Do You Hurt a Midget?
Did you hear about the band Kansas getting arrested for kidnapping at the airport?
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe?
What do you call a donkey in space?
How does Moses make coffee?
Why do gay guys like rotisserie chicken?
What does a toilet, a clitoris, and an anniversary have in common?
How can you tell if Asians have broken into your house?
Did you hear about that free-range astrophysicist buffalo?
What's your secret?
What do animal poachers do in their spare time?
So we're doing "Roman walks into a bar" jokes?
Did you hear what they're planning for the next episode of 'Glee'?
What does a stripper do to her asshole before work?
What do you call a dog with no hind legs?
What do you call a scary philosopher?
What does a Rubik's Cube and a penis have in common?
How did the blonde chip her teeth?
What's the best way to break in a new pair of shoes?
Why did the Little Mermaid run away with the fisherman?
Did you hear the one about the Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon?
What did the philanderer say to the gardener praying in the shed?
What state has the smallest soft drinks?
Why couldn't the melons run away and get married?
Why would the Higgs Boson feel unsafe in a country where the leader openly practiced genocide?
Which tire was flat?
What do you call a pair of identical twins who are stewardesses?
What do you get if you cross a Fish and an Elephant?
What do you call it when you give chairs to the poor?
What mistake did the chronometer make while it was getting along well with the digital watch?
Wanna hear a joke about an unsharpened pencil?
What's another way to describe a contradicktion?
What does Justin Bieber and jam have in common?
What's the square root of 69?
Did you know two melons of the same sex can't marry?
What do your child and your dick have in common?
If you are Russian on your way to the bathroom and Russian when you get out, what are you in the bathroom?
How do you get a unicorn from neighing in your front yard?
What did Santa give the blind, autistic, paraplegic kid with down syndrome for Christmas?
How many policemen does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why do Queenslanders call their beer, "XXXX"?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What does the US Government use to spy on a high school student?
How to Jews travel?
If seagulls fly over the sea, what flies over the bay?
Why did the scare crow win the award?
Why do blondes have bruised belly buttons?
Why does the little mermaid wear seashells?
Why are female schoolteachers always so angry?
Why couldn't Edward leave Russia?
I don't know much about math, but what did the acorn say when it grew up?
Why does Waldo wear stripes?
Where did the promiscuous girl from Belgium go to plant her flowers?
How many clones of president Obama does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why is a duck-billed platypus called a duck-billed platypus?
Why was the russian airforce less superior than their enemies?
Why are housing prices in Toronto falling?
What has 10 letters and starts with Gas?
How is Disneyland like Viagra?
What did the businessman wear to the thai restaurant?
What do you call a hundred black men buried up to their necks in dirt?
If seagulls fly over the sea,what flies over the bay?
What's the best way to search a linen store?
Why does Luigi bring an extra pair of overalls when he golfs?
What do snotty vegetables do when they see something they don't like ?
Why did the Green Giant get a new lid?
How do you make an archeologist blush?
What's it called when a man cums inside a woman when in Massachusetts?
How Do You Start a Flood?
How does a girl get a guy to eat shit?
How do you fit 4 gay men on one bar stool?
What's worse than lobsters on your piano?
What song did the man who lived next door to a brothel sing on his way to work?
Why was six afraid of seven?
Did you hear about the guy they found dead at the Mediterranean restaurant?
How do you get 50 Pikachus on a bus?
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Can someone please explain my joke for me?
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Neil Armstrong?
What does a guy with 2 right feet wear to the beach?
What do we want?
Why did the tomato blush?
What's a feminists least favorite Pokemon?
What's the hardest part about eating vegetables?
What's the difference between a Black man and a park bench?
What do you call 5 white guys sitting on a bench?
what did the cornflake say to the other cornflake?
What did the leper say to the prostitute after their session?
Whats green, three inches long and smells like bacon?
What kind of bird works on a construction site?
What's the best part about having sex with twenty-one year old's?
How many forever alone guys does it take to change a light bulb?
why don't melons run away to get married?
Why don't the French have fireworks on Bastille day?
Whats the worse part of being a pedophile?
What happened to the fireman who let the house burn?
What did one Buddhist Master give to the child for his birthday?
What do you call a happy cowboy?
What do you call women who are faster than me?
Did you know half your penis is inside you?
What do you call it when Lenin, Trotsky, and Stalin get together for a drink?
What's the quickest way to a woman's heart?
Why did the French Hen give up her job?
What do you do when a woman serves you bad sushi?
What is brown and rhymes with Snoop?
What are the two words men hate most unless used together?
What do you call a white man surrounded by black men?
Why are French guns the best to buy?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
What did the molar use to cross the root canal?
What's black and brown and looks good on a lawyer?
Sushi A bumped into Sushi B on the road one day. What did Sushi A said to Sushi B?
What do you do when you see a spaceman?
Why was the Egyptian queen so grumpy?
Why do gay guys use ribbed condoms?
What do you call a bear that is missing all of its teeth??
What's the definition of vagina?
Why did the scarecrow get the Nobel prize?
What do you call two crows on a branch?
Did you hear about Chris Brown's latest Hit?
What's the difference between looking for a lost golf ball and Lady Godiva?
Why do mermaids wear sea shells?
What's the difference between a normal woman and a witch?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
What does a gay Kraken eat?
Did you hear about the cannibal who showed up late to the luncheon?
What do fat chicks do in the summer?
How can you tell if your goose is depressed?
How did a Chinese spy disguise himself as an Arab in America?
Why Americans are so bad in geography?
Why doesn't Santa Claus have any children?
How do mermaids have babies?
What do you call a man in a hole?
What do you call a pig with three eyes?
Did you hear about the dyslexic devil worshipper?
How can you tell if your wife left you?
What did Watson tell his friend when he was constipated?
What country uses the most foul language?
What do you call a Flaming Homosexual?
What is a mexican's favorite sport event?
What's the difference between a woman and a computer?
What is the difference between Jelly and Jam?
Did you hear about the guy who cooled himself to absolute zero?
What's the best thing about a dead baby?
What does a wall of penises look like?
Why are divorces so expensive?
What is the objective of jewish football?
I just made this one up: What kind of Internet creep can swim the fastest?
What does it tell you, Holmes?
What is best potato?
What do you call a fake noodle?
What's a New Zealander's favorite car?
Why doesn't Shirley Manson change her Facebook relationship status?
Why couldn't Edward leave the Airport?
heard about the toilet that quit his job?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What does a nosey pepper do?
You know what bothers me about arson?
What is Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg's favorite facebook game?
Did you hear about the agnostic, dyslexic, insomniac?
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working?
Do you know who has the most home runs in MLB history?
What is the difference between jam and marmalade?
What did one bag of shit say to the other bag of shit?
Where was Timmy when the bomb fell?
What's the difference between Santa and Tiger Woods?
How many points do you get if you hit a golfer?
What do you do when you stub your toe?
What's the difference between a pitbull and a social worker?
What do you call a Mexican Baptism?
Did you hear the energizer bunny was arrested?
What does an 80-year old's vagina taste like?
What do you call a donkey throwing nuts?
Where should Aaron Hernandez have hidden the evidence?
Did you hear about the one about the heart and stomach?
How can you spot the prostitute at the Miss America pageant?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's the difference between a Jewish mother and a pit bull?
What's the difference between a Jewish mother and a terrorist?
What happened when Cinderella got to the ball?
What was Dodi Fayed's favorite state?
Why did the frat boy throw away his curtains?
Have you heard the state of [insert state] is making round hale bales illegal?
What's the difference between a catholic priest and acne?
How do dogs like their eggs cooked?
What do Oranges and Apples have in common?
How many prostitutes do you have to kill until someone notices?
What is the poor part of Italy called?
What do gay horses eat?
How do you catch a unique bird?
What kind of fruit tells the best jokes?
What part of Canada do the Inuit control?
Which two farm animals are the dirtiest?
Why don't people get married in North Korea?
Where does a pirate keep his buccaneer' s?
What's the difference between a Hoover and a Harley?
What's the difference between a goldfish and a mountain goat?
What do you get if you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
....Hey...uh...hey. Reddit. Yeah, you Reddit.....what do ducks eat?
Did you hear about Pala Deans new restaurant?
Did you hear about the guy who decided to put the S next to the D?
What's the definition of a will?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
Why did Walter White not pay for his pizza?
Why does the Mexican Olympic team always do so badly?
What has 9 arms and still sucks?
What's a white supremacist's favorite cereal?
How will we truly reach gender equality?
Why is it so hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs?
What does Oedipus the king's mother wear under her dress?
Was Nicky Minaj born on a highway?
You know what's great about senility?
Why areAfrican Americans high jumpers?
Who was the first person Aaron Hernandez called after the shooting?
What type of pants does Mario wear?
What's brown and sticky?
How come you never see a pregnant Barbie?
How many tickles does it take to make a squid laugh?
Why aren't there any Muslims on Star Trek?
What is the best thing about liquid soap?
Prank Caller- Hello! is your refrigerator running??
If a guitarist playing on his own is a "Guitar Solo" and a drummer on his own is a "Drum Solo" what do you call Harrison Ford giving you a round of applause?
what's the difference between a vagina and your joke?
What is the least racist animal?
Where does a powerful king keep his armies?
What's the worst part about seeing 4 black people go off a cliff in a Cadillac?
Why did Helen Keller scream?
What kind of doctor deals with pussies?
Which one of the smurfs is the only one to recycle?
What do you call Adrian Monk when he's angry?
Why didn't Edward leave Russia?
What's red and has seven dents in it?
What's the best/worst dirty joke you know?
How can you tell birds are afraid of heights?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
what was the last thing that went through Jane Wicker's mind?
Will reddit let me get by with this one?
What's the worst thing about owning a dildo farm?
Why doesn't that NSA informant just come back to USA?
What's the difference between an epileptic farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea?
What kind of man was Boaz before he got married?
Why isn't there gambling in Africa?
Did you hear about the hillbilly yeast?
What is brown and sticky?
Have you ever wondered where they got the name "Canada"?
What is something you can use to find the pH of tree sap?
If Jesus is the Lamb of God?
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic?
How is the Torah like Kidz Bop?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
What do you call a drunk dinosaur?
Ey gurl, are you a TSA agent?
What happens when you take acid with a birth control pill?
Why doesn't George R.R. Martin have Twitter?
What did the ZERO say to the EIGHT?
Where do dumb aliens go?
Whats the best place to drive to in Iowa?
Why couldn't the whistleblower leave his driveway?
What is black and white and red and brown and silver and can't turn around in an elevator?
How many white people can you fit in a can?
what's better than roses on your piano?
What do you call a white person on fire?
why are flies the biggest troll?
How do we know God is not a woman?
What happens when you put too many paintings in your car?
Why did the janitor flush the toilet?
What do you say when your mom walks in on you fapping?
How are a punchline and a dick similar?
What's the hardest part of rollerblading?
(bad joke) What's the best vegetable for stepping on when you get out of the shower?
What do men with big dicks eat for breakfast?
What does a racist get for their birthday?
What did the grape say when it got stepped on?
What makes food go bad?
Q: What's Slimy, cold, green, and smells like pork?
How do you catch a unique rabbit?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Ladies - how do you know if you are having a good time?
What do you get when an argument occurs on a camping trip?
Why do ducks have webbed feet?
What does DNA stand for?
What's the difference between 3 dicks and a joke?
Did you know that papa johns was delivering to the twin towers on nine eleven?
How do I know Kim and Kanye's daughter is going to be smart?
What do you give an octomom for mother's day?
What does D.N.A. stand for?
What do you call a kid who's dad is Jamaican and mom is Chinese?
What is it called when a heavy gambler goes on vacation?
Who is Nickelback's biggest fan?
What did Pink Floyd say to Jerry Sandusky?
Why is six afraid of seven?
If jerk chicken could talk, what would it say?
Why did the band Nickelback get booed at the football halftime show?
How much does a slave cost?
Why are programmers good husbands?
What do you call it when a chickpea gets killed?
Can you believe that after all the shit they've been through, they're still together?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Did you hear about the albino clairvoyant master hypnotist from San Francisco?
What happened?
What is another name for the disabled stall in a restroom?
What do all battered women have in common?
What's the difference between Jesus and a Mexican?
Is the subscribed to r/jokes number a joke?
Why does Karl Marx only drink herbal tea?
What are some good clean jokes to be used at a grade 8 farewell dinner?
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
New Knock-Knock joke?
What did the DJ order from the deli?
How many recovering alcoholics does it take to change a light bulb?
Do you know how Michael Jackson really died?
How does a baby Wookie get around?
Were a blind person to go sky diving, how would they do it?
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
Why do black guys like overweight white women so much?
Why did the walrus go to the tupperware party?
Why can't you tell a joke in a cornfield?
What did the ocean say to the beach?
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball?
What do you call an unemployed Rastafarian??
What did the fish say when he swam into the wall?
How did the Jewish mother offer to help her son meet a nice Jewish girl?
How many indie bands does it take to change a light bulb?
What's the difference between a baby and a washing machine?
Did you hear about the Chelsea team without a player?
What does a woman and KFC have in common?
What's the difference between a pretty girl and a bowl of soup?
What burns longer, a red or a green candle?
What do you do if you're attacked by a gang of clowns?
What is at the bottom of the sea and shakes?
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
What do I think about my toes?
Why do ghosts say booOoOoo?
Did you hear about the woman who got wooden implants?
How do you know if you are having a good time?
Why dont Asians go to the theaters?
What do you call a dumb nerd?
What do you call a sick bird?
Why was the baby ant confused?
Q: How Do You Tell 2 Scottsmen Apart?
What's the difference between a golfer and a climber?
Why did the smoothie get assassinated?
Why don't birds wear underwear?
What's the difference between organized crime and the government?
If a stork brings white babies, and a blackbird black babies, what bird brings no babies?
How many couples does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why was the whistleblower late for his annual winter whistleblower's convention?
What are the three rings of marriage?
What Pixar movie will Rick Astley never let you borrow?
How do you circumcise a whale?
How many married women does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How do you get your girlfriend to stop giving you blowjobs?
What did the Leper say to the hooker?
Why do melons have traditional marriages?
What is the difference between a blonde and a hen?
Why did the Dark Ages existed?
What do men do after orgasm?
How many women does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What goes after foursome?
Did you hear about the constipated Jew?
What do you call a Mexican crossed with an octopus?
Why couldn't the whistleblower leave his house?
What is the difference between a cat and a comma?
What's a Drill Sergeant's term for an erection?
What do you call a bunch of Mexican Stoners?
How does Moses make his tea?
What do Mexicans use to cut their pizza?
What did the necrophiliac have when his grandmother died?
Yo daddy jokes?
What are the 2 sexiest farm animals?
Do scooby got a booty?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
What did the wick say to the wax?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
Do you know what 6.9 is?
What do you call a cow...?
What is green, slimy, and smells like bacon?
What did the devil get arrested for?
What did one ocean say to the other ocean?
What's the difference between a bull and a cow?
Why Can't you hear a Pterodactyl going to the bathroom?
What did Saddam Hussein and Little Miss Muffett have in common?
Why did the cow win a Nobel Prize?
How many kids with ADD does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why did the book get stitches?
What doctors really thinking?
Guys, what's the most funny offensive joke you know?
Did you hear about the legless man who got his wheelchair taken away?
Why was Crassus bad at insults?
How does Megatron get away with raw-dogging it?
How can you get four suits for under $2.00?
Why doesn't Spiderman like rice?
"What is your greatest strength"?
What's better: A Parachute Jump or a BJ of a 90 year old?
What does a nosey pepper do?
What do Nazi pilots eat for breakfast?
Where do hippos go to school?
How do you suffocate a redneck?
Did anyone see the new Irish gay pornstar?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Why can't mimes finish marathons?
What's the difference between a baby and a trampoline?
What do you call a teacher that doesn't fart in public?
What's Master P's favorite fruit?
Why do tourists always take pictures in Paris?
Why is Chuck Norris still alive?
You guys wanna see something cool?
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
What do gay horses eat?
What do you call a Mexican without a car?
Why couldn't the bike stand by itself?
What 8 letter phrase means a healthy scratch?
Have you heard about corduroy pillows?
What do you call a prostitute with her hands down her skirt?
What do you call an old person from Portugal?
Why was the blonde upset when she got her Drivers License?
What do anemic people drink?
Did you hear about the steering-wheel belt?
What do you call it when an Asian composer really needs the bathroom?
Why don't French people smile in pictures?
Why do they call them "S'mores"?
What do they call diarrhea at Hogwarts?
What's a pedophile's favorite drink?
What does a Gynecologist and Pizza Delivery guy have in common?
Did you hear the one about the JRPG character who named his daughter Dot?
How do you blindfold an Asian woman?
Did you hear about the kidnapping?
Did you hear the one about the man with a big procrastination problem?
Why do the French only eat one egg for breakfast?
What did the right boob say to the left boob?
Why do women fake orgasms?
Whats the difference between a prostitute with diarrhea and an epileptic corn-husker?
Difference between Port Authority and a lobster with breast implants?
What does a deaf woman say to a premature ejaculator?
What do you call a dog with short legs and steel balls?
What's the difference between cancer and a black guy?
[One to tell militant women]: how many women on their period does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a car with a broken exhaust?
Can anyone help me make a joke about running over a child?
What do you call an Irishman with no arms and no legs who's rolling down a hill?
Why did the Republican get a sunburn?
What do you do with a dead chemist?
What's a buffalo's favorite activity?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why can't girls count to 70?
What is the difference between menstrual blood and sand?
Girl, do you have 67 protons?
What did the fish say when he hit the wall?
How many friendzoned guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What does the Indian chef do in his spare time?
Did you hear about the eskimo couple?
How did Dairy Queen get pregnant?
What is Jeremy Clarkson's PIN number?
What will the neighbors think?
What do you call a biker on her period?
Why is it so easy to trust a hypochondriac?
Why do witches not wear panties?
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive?
Why don't the french like kiwifruit?
What do you call it when Charlie Sheen's brother has sex with him?
What did one Jewish bird say to the other?
What was the under-appreciated, often-exploited kitchen contractor's complaint?
What does a Jewish turtle say when it first meets someone?
What's the difference between an apple an a dead baby?
How many men does it take to close the toilet seat?
How do we know Andy Taylor never had grandchildren?
What do you call it when you second guess your decision to book a stay at a Native American resort?
What are the two biggest lies a man will ever tell?
Who Is The Real Boss?
Why do girls generally go to the bathroom in groups?
what do people call bob the builder when he's not building anything?
Why didn't the NSA request AT&T's phone records?
Where's the best place to weigh a pie?
Why was the sacajawea coin made?
Why are pedophiles terrible Blackjack players?
What's the technical term for a female to male sex change?
What do you get when you stick your hand in a blender?
inspired by frontpage's TIL about the guy fawkes mask: how many occupy protesters does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why are ducks funny?
How do you advertise a motor home?
What does grandma's crotch smell like?
What do you call the neighborhood where all the poor Italians live?
Why did the baby squirrel wear a diaper?
How does Jaden Smith keep getting roles in big movies?
There are 3 roosters, a straight one, a backwards one, and a gay one. The straight rooster says cock-a-doodle doo. The backwards rooster says doo doodle cock. What does the gay rooster say?
What is the difference between an event at the X Games and a sorrority?
How do you get down off an elephant?
What does DNA stand for?
How do you know you're at a gay BBQ?
Why does Bill Clinton prefer B.J.s?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
Where did Mario and Luigi go to school?
Did you know Han Solo had an employment agency?
How do you embarrass an archaeologist?
This is one of those gems thought up at 4 am, why does nobody listen to Neo-Nazis?
How are socks like Boy Scouts?
Whats the best thing about doing twenty four year olds?
Who's the laziest doctor at the hospital?
What does a Math Professor do when he's constipated?
What's an epileptic's least favorite pizza place?
Why did Skrillex get fired from the antique shop?
What do gay horses eat?
What do you do if an epileptic has a seizure in your bath?
What do you do with an epileptic lettuce?
What do you call shit that comes out with a fart?
How do you know you have a high sperm count?
Where did sally go when the bombs dropped?
What kind of juice does hitler drink?
My little brother is extremely proud of this joke. What do you call a reptile who anyways starts fights?
I don't pay for prostitute, they pay me to stop ?
What did the Muslim train conductor say to the passengers as they were getting on?
What did the cell say to his sister who stepped on his toe?
How did the fruits get married?
Why do redditors have so many inside jokes?
How many rats does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Joke my kid made up when he was like 4.... What do you call an angry shopper using bad words?
What do WNBA players make?
How does Santa know if he lands on a Jewish house?
what kind of file makes a 1 inch hole into a 3 inch hole?
Why didn't the lesbians go shopping for sports equipment?
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why do peasants watch the Weather Channel?
What's the wrong way to feed the cat?
Where do burgers like to dance?
Did you hear about the dyslexic druggie lawyer who just finished rehab?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
Why couldn't the Coast Guard save the hippie?
What's a hipster's favorite painkiller?
How many bears could Bear Grylls grill, if Bear Grylls could grill bears?
What do you call a capital lambda?
What do you call an angry wind?
What do you call a vampire whose car breaks down 3 miles from a blood bank?
What did Cesar say when the people of Rome wanted to re-empower the Tribune?
What is Tom Hanks' wireless password?
What did the black hole say to the pulsar?
So what's the best part about dead baby jokes?
What's brown and hides in the attic?
Why does Mike Tyson cry during sex?
Why did the cactus cross the road?
What did Kanye West say when he saw the Red Wedding episode of Game of Thrones?
You know what makes my blood boil?
What is the stinkiest businessman?
What's really important to a bat when they are looking for a new home?
What's the bright side of being knocked unconscious and raped?
What do you call a little Lannister when winter finally comes?
What kind of tree would Hanna Montana be?
What do you call a group of people from Portugal?
How do you know when a hiptser is a good secret agent?
Did I ever post my Alzheimer's joke?
Why did the interjecting, dismissive, gay Italian have so many problems?
Where do drinks go on vacation?
What do you call 10 lawyers chained to the bottom of the ocean?
What did the Israeli Prime Minister who can't say the word "and" say about candy that caused such a hubbub?
Why are jokes in base 8 not funny?
What did the self-deprecating Indian say about his car?
Why does nobody like a rich stone?
Which war was the hungriest?
Yo guys, does it smell like updog in here to you?
What do a politician and a sperm have in common?
What did the Mancunian abortion doctor say to the fetus?
Did you hear the one about the church that burned down?
What happens when you sit on a grape?
How many Surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
Do you know what a Canadian's favourite gun is?
What sexual position creates the ugliest kids?
What do you call a rapper who masterbates a lot?
Why do girls talk so much?
How many Americans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why did the gynecologist get taken in for questioning?
How does Moses make his coffee?
What's the difference between your dick and a joke?
What's the worst part about being a black Jew?
What do you call a cow with three legs?
Why are woman so happy in wedding photos?
What do you do all day?
Why does the farmer hate his mule?
Three Tampons are walking down the street, which one doesnt talk to you?
Why do they call it a third eye?
What has 341 teeth and holds back The Hulk?
What is Napoleon Dynamite's Favorite TV Dinner?
Why does an elephant have four feet?
What do you call the babies born in a whorehouse?
What is E.T. short for?
What were the favorite Linux text editors of 8 randomly selected Monty Python fans?
What did the fish say when it ran into the wall?
Why did the lion get lost?
What do Rick Ross and a dominatrix have in common?
What's the difference between a Slut and a Bitch?
How many teenagers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the difference between a soldier and a teacher?
Are you having trouble finding your kids' name's on bottles of Coca Cola?
So someone dropped a Chinese baby in a toilet?
Why does Tyler Perry put his name on everything he makes?
What is the difference between a introverted engineer and an extroverted engineer?
How do you titillate an ocelot?
Why are there no Irish lawyers?
How can you tell if someone's a vegan?
Did you hear about the leper on the trampoline?
What is a Redneck virgin?
Did you hear about the photographer that got locked in his darkroom?
did you hear about this new fish?
Why aren't your buttcheeks horizontal?
How many Firefly fans does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did the Redneck cross the road?
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light bulb?
Did you hear the one about the constipated mathematician?
What is the best formula for leaving Auschwitz?
Wanna join my feminist group?
What did Obama mean when he called for "change"?
What's the squeakiest ride at the fair?
Why is a gay God purty cool?
Why would you wrap masking tape around a 3 day old baby?
Got this from my dad tonight...You know why they don't have CSI in Arkansas?
What happens when a Jew walks into a wall with a boner??
Chantelle has 756 friends on Facebook. She adds 122, what does she have?
What does DNA stand for?
Why did the elevator take antidepressants?
Shrapnel related jokes please?
How does R.Kelly end a joke?
What did Jay Z call his girlfriend before they got married?
Did you hear about the scarecrow who won a Nobel Prize?
What do you call a Jewish feline?
What do you have to know to be an auctioneer?
Why can't Michael Jackson play chess?
What does a walrus and tupperware have in common?
How do you get three old ladies to say the "F" word?
What's the difference between Stephen Harper and Rob Ford?
How many bees does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why is Kim Jung Un so upset?
What do you say to a guy with kidney stones?
Do you want to hear a dirty joke?
What's the worst thing that could happen if you don't use a condom?
Did you know Helen Keller is on the back of the Alabama quarter?
What's the difference in Xbox One and your mother?
How many Freemasons does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why didn't the buddhist accept the Nitrous Oxide for his root canal?
How many people does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's white on bottom and black on top?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
How was copper wire invented?
What is a KKK member's favorite board game?
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
Why didn't Jesus eat bacon?
A Mexican , a black guy , an arab and A Jew Jump out of a plane....who wins?
Record for the world's smallest penis?
What's Whitney Houstons's favourite type of co-ordination?
Why is unemployment rising in Jamaica?
What's the difference between acne and catholic priests?
What month was King Kong born in?
Why was the sapling such a horrible entrepreneur?
Why did the man angrily throw out his alarm clock this morning?
If you hated really old teak furniture, would you be anti antique teak?
What do you call a gay man with a hard-on?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?
Where do you find a quadriplegic?
How do you make a 5yr old cry twice?
What did the Russian woman say to her violent husband?
What is the difference between a pregnant lady and a lightbulb?
How long does it take to tune a double bass?
What kind of peanuts get warts?
what did the cloud say to the atmosphere?
What's it called when you a kill a sapling?
How do you make a plumber cry?
Do y'all have any tips on growing Salvia officinalis?
Why did the baker have smelly fingers?
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft?
Did you here about the Jewish son who asked his father for $50?
What causes arthritis?
Death Jokes for a homework assignment?
What starts with Y and ends with a D?
What did Harry Potter say when he found Dumbledore in bed with his godfather?
Do you know why they call it the Xbox One?
How do you stop an F4 tornado from destroying a town?
What's the best part of two lesbians marrying?
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose?
April showers bring May flowers. But what do May flowers bring?
What do you call a group of homosexual musicians from India who never get to play out?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish man?
What's the diffrence between a girl in a church and a girl in a bath?
What'd the leper say to the prostitute?
What's red and green and goes 100mph?
Do you know what a Freudian slip is?
What do Dale Earnhardt and Pink Floyd have in common?
Does size matter?
What is the biggest key when moving a piano up a flight of stairs?
Why did the pig go into the kitchen?
Where do puppies go when they die?
What did the hurricane say to the coconut tree?
Why does Saudi Arabia import so many camels from Australia?
What do you call some one with no body and no nose?
What do terrorist Weight Watchers use?
Why do mermaids wear seashells?
Lisa has 750 friends on Facebook. A week later she adds 150 more to her friends list. What does she have?
What do you call it when a group of chickens rebel against their farmers?
Did the girl ever go to the whore Olympics?
What did the depressed plankton do?
Why did the baker have so many customers?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Want to hear the one about my penis..?
Why do hipsters drink coffee so quickly?
How is a 9 Volt Battery similar to an Anus?
What do you call a prostitute after a 12 hour shift?
What does Mr. T say when he sees a fat lady at a bar?
I know Mexican culture is big on traditions: baptism at birth, ear piercing as a baby, but what's the one they do when they turn 15?
Why does China hate Digimon Fans?
What does Mortal Kombat and a Helsinki church have in common?
What do <school name> cheerleaders and a shotgun have in common?
Whats your best "This is so bad that ____" joke?
What do people in Prague call abortions?
What do you do to an elephant with three balls?
What do you call a Mexican child?
Did you hear about the murder mystery porno?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
What was the Walrus doing in the Tupperware store?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
Where is the best place to have anal sex?
What's a Jehovah's Witness's favorite band?
Can a ninja bring a ninja star into the airport?
Whats the last thing you give a tickle me elmo before it leaves the factory?
What do you call a 6 year old with no friends?
What do philosophical dolphins say?
What happened to the little Dutch boy after he put his finger in the dyke?
How many bros does it take to change a light bulb?
How did the Burger King get the Dairy Queen pregnant?
Where do otters come from?
What happens when you predict snow but don't get any?
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?
What do the Enterprise and and toilet paper have in common?
Why did the tomato blush?
Why do you let him call you that?
What do you call a gay paraplegic?
What do you call the guy that graduated last in his class at med school?
How are neutrinos and i alike?
If you had to steal a bike from someone, who would it be?
Whats a Mexicans Favorite sport?
A guy runs to your door and pleads, "Someone's trying to kill me! Can I come in?" How should you respond?
How does a blond like her eggs in the morning?
A real cowboy?
How many NBA refs does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do Brazilian cats speak?
What kind of pants did the Japanese porn star wear to her job interview?
How do you drown a hipster?
How man hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb?
What did the Mexican put under his carpet?
Ever wondered why is being gay a sin?
How many lazy people does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you give a cannibal late for Sunday lunch?
Fish sticks?
How many ADD kids does it take to change a lightbulb?
What did the prolapsed anus say to the sock?
For The Musicians: What's the difference between an orchestra and a bull?
Did you hear about the fire at the circus?
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees?
What do you get a first dad for father's day?
What do Mexicans use to cut pizza?
What do you call someone who never farts in public?
What kind of bees make milk?
Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have any children?
What do you get when you squeeze a synagogue?
Why did the farmer name his pig Ink?
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?
Which country has the most millionaires?
What does a duck like to have for breakfast?
What do rabbis call the leftovers of a circumcision?
What's a Mormon's favorite sexual position?
Why do LEGO men hate going to hospital...?
How many paranoids does it take to change a lightbulb?
What kind of nuts go on your feet?
What is black, white, and red all over?
What's Scoobys birthstone?
How do you know Little Miss Muffet was a bodybuilder?
How are woman and tornadoes alike?
What's the last thing that goes through a bug's head when it hits a windshield?
What did Davy Crockett say when he showed up to the Alamo?
What did the left butt cheek say to the right one?
What college did Michael Jackson go to?
What do you call an impotent lizard?
What do you call a smart blonde?
Is there something called "Your mama so foreign..."-jokes?
Why do Little People hate the taste of alcohol?
What did one eye say to the other?
How many emos does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa?
Why do Jews like to watch porn backwards??
Why is camping so much fun?
Hey Reddit, What are your favorite jokes?
What's a blonde with a shotgun in wheat field?
What is the worst thing about sex in a cemetery?
Wheres the library at?
What did the green grape say to the purple grape?
What part of a vegetable is the hardest to eat?
What do you call a social studies class that got burnt down?
What did one unemployed cancer cell say to the other unemployed cancer cell?
Why do seagulls fly by the sea?
What do you call a well-hung gay man?
How do you piss off a female archeologist?
How do you get 1000 dead babies into a phone booth?
What does an elephant use for a tampon?
What did the volcano say to the other volcano?
What's the difference between your momma and a mallard with a cold?
Have you ever had Ethiopian food?
Why were the Indians here first?
What do you call a weak cup of tea?
Why didn't the melons get married?
What do you call it when a homosexual asks a question?
Someone called my call center today to tell a joke I don't think I've ever heard: What do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire?
Why do cowgirls walk bow-legged?
What do you call an ion that also raps?
Where do naughty rays of light go?
Are you russian?
What do u call 3 mexicans, 1 asian, and 4 blacks?
What do you do if an elephant comes through your window?
What is the inner temperature of a Tauntaun?
What did Ahab say when Moby Dick raised his tail?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
What do you get hanging from apple trees?
What did the pervert say to the Sex Detective?
Why did the golfer wear 2 shirts when he went golfing?
What do you call a bad ass phone that doesn't work?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
Why can't the Maple Leafs have any tea?
What's the Best thing about Duct Tape?
What's the difference between a magician and a psychologist?
What is the dumbest animal in the jungle?
What's the difference between a Jew and a Boy Scout?
What's the most well mannered dinosaur?
Why did the chicken cross the playground?
So did you guys hear that Farrah from Teen Mom has a sex video?
Why did the pervert buy 16.5 pints of salsa?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's the difference between Iron Man and iron woman?
What's the clinical name for Viagra?
What's red and crawls up your leg?
Why can't atheists solve exponential equations?
Did anyone else witness that jet crashing into the ocean?
Why does the little mermaid where sea shells?
What kind of bees make milk?
Did you hear about the ghost who got put in prison?
What do you get when you mix a rooster with peanut butter?
What did the pool cleaner say to the impatient swimmer?
How many creepers does it take to screw in a lighbulb?
How does Sean Connery's dog bark?
How did the farmer feel after he ripped his clothing?
what do you call an asian lounge singer?
Why is Shakespeare bad at hunting?
What's India's most popular dating service?
Why do you make more money?
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs playing in a pile of leaves?
How much semen does a catholic priest have?
Did you hear about the new Marvel superhero movie about the guy who kills villains with bad jokes?
What did the paraplegic father say when his teenage daughter came out of the closet?
What do a hot girl and my little toe have in common?
Any jokes I can tell my teachers?
Why do black people like fried chicken?
What does religion and Ikea have in common?
What do you get when you cross Jesus with a dinosaur?
Where do conspiracy theorists keep their ideas?
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scottish farmer?
To a necrophiliac, what is the only thing better than a human-sized refrigerator?
How long does it take a necrophiliac to screw in a light bulb?
You are?
Whats the difference between a rooster and a prostitute?
What did the cannibal get when he arrived late for dinner?
What's the difference between a hormone and an enzyme?
How many perverts does it take to put in a light bulb?
What's the most disgusting, distasteful international treaty organization?
When do Catholics allow the use of condoms?
What was the former name of captain Hook?
What's the best thing about bee's?
What's a ginger's favorite drink?
Have you heard of the Jewish "Catch 22"?
What'd the man with 5 penises say..?
What's the difference between polite conversation and an erection?
Why did the period and and semicolon break up?
Why did the scarecrow win the nobel prize?
What does an Italian sound like walking through the rain?
What do a creationist and a dude with a dinosaur bone fetish have in common?
How do you get a guitar player to turn down his amp?
Did you hear the one where a father told his kid to quit masturbating or he'd go blind?
What do you have when you got a bag of weed and a bottle of Jack Daniel's?
What do Cerial killers drink?
What do you call an illegally parked frog?
What does it taste like to eat out an 85 year old woman?
Why can't you tell when a pterodactyl is going to the bathroom?
What would you call The Flintstones if they were black?
What do you call an anorexic girl with a yeast infection?
Did you hear Willie Nelson died?
What is Pat Sajak's favorite Christmas carol?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
How can you tell if a black guy is well hung?
What do you call a mob of armed lesbians?
What do you call a psychic midget who has escaped from prison?
What do you call a prostitute with one leg shorter than the other?
What do you call a generalization made by a farmer?
What do you call a girl with a tight vagina from Hong Kong?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What is the difference between light and hard?
Did you hear about the crack addict that got trapped in a pyramid?
What's black and doesn't work?
What instrument did the famous dog use to sign his autographs?
How do you spot a blind guy at a nudist colony?
Did you hear about the confused question mark?
Do 90-year-old men wear boxers or briefs?
Did you hear about the monkey who was a virgin and didn't care?
Why did Tigger jump down the toilet?
What's the difference between your mom and an alpaca?
Why did the Mexican man push his wife off a cliff?
Why are black people so tall?
What's a good source of Vietnamese renewable energy?
What is Batman's favourite porn site?
How do you break a Polacks finger?
What do you call a gay Nobel Prize Laureate in a blender?
What's the difference between a stoner and a Jew?
What did Liberace die from?
Why the Japanese kill fish?
What happened to the broken down frog?
What did the banana say to the apple?
Did I tell you the joke about my penis?
What's the only major difference between Cinco de Mayo and Saint Patrick's day?
What do you call two straight days of rain in Seattle?
What did the Banana say to the Vibrator?
What do gay cows eat?
Did you hear about the dyslexic pimp?
What happened to the frog that broke down?
One for the Mexican holiday. What do you call four Mexicans drowning?
How do you get a fat girl into bed with you?
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino?
What did the necrophiliac get after his wife died?
Two fish are in a tank, what does one fish say to the other?
Why should optometrists never tell jokes?
Why did the elephant sit on the marshmallow?
Why should you never play Uno with a Mexican?
What's the difference between Jews and Boy Scouts?
Where do Communists go to get burgers?
How do you organize a party in outer space?
What's Christopher Nolan's favorite song?
Why was Helen Keller such a bad driver?
What's the difference between a statesman and a politician?
What do you call a short Mexican?
What do you call a three-legged donkey?
What's E.T. short for?
What do robots eat?
Why did the sperm cross the road?
How does a blind skydiver know when to pull the parachute?
Why don't blind people bungee jump?
What kind of sounds does Jaimie Foxx make in the bedroom?
Who is 50 feet tall, has a blue ox and kills co-eds?
What did they say about both the winner and the loser of the sock-pairing competition?
Why can't gay people play poker?
Why wasn't the pediatrician impressed with the new year's eve Times Square ball drop?
what do you call a fat guy telling all his friends that hes gay for the first time?
What did the cat cough up when it was sick?
What do you call a woman who fell off a cliff?
Q: Was Jesus delicious?
What's a dentists favorite time of day?
What concert is worth 45 cents?
How does Tony Stark keep his clothes wrinkle-free?
The other day I got a fortune cookie with no fortune in it, you know what I call that?
Why don't people hang out with the mushroom?
What do you call a mathematician who drinks too much?
Why do they call it a "waist"?
Why is Hitler a terrible wingman?
What's an alcoholic's favorite novel?
What do Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common?
How many A.D.D kids does it take to change a lightbulb?
I heard a member of Kriss Kross died of a drug overdose. I guess Kriss Kross made him want a BUMP, BUMP! Too soon?
What do you call the blood that comes out when teenagers cut themselves?
Why did the thoroughbred break up with the wild horse?
Why does a seagull fly over the sea?
Have you been on /r/bigdickproblems ?
What did the deaf, dumb, and blind kid get for Christmas?
How many jugglers does it take to change a light bulb?
Why do lesbians prefer going to Sports Authority?
What's the difference between a lawyer and a catfish?
Why did Jesus leave the dance floor?
Which Vice President was the best at making beats?
What is Bear Grylls' favourite vegetable?
Why is Reggae so popular in Utah right now?
What's Dale Earnhardt's favorite Pink Floyd album?
Did you hear that Henry Ford wrote a book?
Why was 6 afraid of 9?
Did you hear about the time Pontius Pilate got really drunk?
Why was the leper hockey game canceled?
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off?
What do you call a struggling artist?
What did the chronic masturbator say to his ex-girlfriend?
Why are fruit rapists seldom found alone?
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
April showers bring May flowers. What do May flowers bring?
How do you sum up a cashew?
Why do women fake orgasms?
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
What do you say to a woman with 2 black eyes?
How many psychologists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why is six afraid of seven?
Who is the best Jewish cook?
What did Sean Connery say when a book fell on his head?
Did you hear about the Buddhist that refused Novocain during a root canal?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
What do a teenage boy and a dog have in common?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Why is PMS called PMS?
How bad is it to poop your pants?
Who is this?
What do all Amish girls want?
What do you call a fruit that procrastinates?
Where can you find a mormon horse?
Why did the man go fishing?
What is a prostitutes favorite food?
What is Reagan's favorite vegetable?
Dog or Wife?
What has a hazelnut in every bite?
Guess what?
Why can't Hellen Keller Drive?
How many Dragon Ball Z characters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's the difference between a pile of dead babies and a BMW?
Who's the most meta player on a Football team?
Did you hear about the temple that burnt down?
What happened when to the psychoanalyst when he went ice skating for the first time?
Want to know where to find the worst pun in Alberta?
How many people from Chernobyl does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Is it possible to be bored to death?
What's the fastest thing on Earth?
How do you make a pole angry?
Why couldn't the kid get into the pirate movie?
What is the hardest part of rollerblading?
What do accidental pregnancies and locked cars both have in common?
What's black, white, and red all over and can't turn around in a narrow hallway?
what did the dildo say to the anal bead?
What does 80 year old pussy taste like?
What's the only thing the English and French agree on?
Want to play the rape game?
Where do you get frog's eggs?
Why do sharks hate clowns?
What's green and sings?
Which one is the odd one out; monopoly, rape, incest?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
How are the Houston Rockets just like Metapod?
What do a tornado and a redneck wedding have in common?
What time does Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon?
What's the difference between sand and period blood?
Which one is the odd one out; a Crab, a Tuna, a Chinese man run over by a bus or a Lobster?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
What is a 6.9?
What does an arctic wildlife photographer get from sitting around too long?
What do you call a gassy Russian?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
I've never really heard a ginger joke... Got any?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
What's the difference between a penis and a bonus?
What do you call it when two Vietnamese people meet?
What do you call 100 lesbians with assault rifles?
Whats the difference between a crab with big boobs and a bus station full of punks?
What's the definition of a masochist with necrobeastiality tendencies?
What's a Jewish dilemma?
If Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman had a baby together, what would the kid be like?
What do you call a man on your porch?
Why does Noddy have a bell on top of his hat?
What Daft Punk song is a hit amongst the hispanic community?
Hey, Sally... what's your favorite color?
What's the worst thing about eating a vegtable?
How do you shut up a deaf person?
What happened to the baseball played who was unfaithful to his wife?
What do cats major in college?
What happens if you get human DNA in a goat?
What did Hitler say to the student that got a question wrong?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why couldn't the boarder throw out his collection of potted ferns?
Did you hear about the amateur porn actor with the invisible dick?
Have you ever observed the depression cycle of a snail?
Did I ever tell you about the worst blowjob I ever got?
How many pushups can Chuck Norris do?
What type of bee makes milk instead of honey?
How did the hillbilly find his sister in the woods?
Why can you not shower with a Pokemon?
What do you call a hooker with a runny nose?
Why did the bird refuse Martin Luther's food?
What's sniggers without the s?
What do you call a psychic midget on the run from the law?
Why can't the penis and testicles ever be together?
How are a full count in baseball and a mutated 2 time convict the same?
What did the blond do with her asshole in the morning?
Why are there no penguins in Britain?
What do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you?
First day back in the office on Boylston not going so well. Feel good jokes?
Why did Pinocchio tell lies?
What does the Scottish man say after love making?
What's the only difference between a prostitute and a bowling ball?
What's yellow and smells of bananas?
Why did Saddam Hussein never have sex?
Why did the man quit working at the cemetery?
Are there any recorded jokes from prehistoric times? What was the humor like back then?
Why do sharks like salt water?
What sound does a Japanese camera make?
What's the best part about having a hooker die on you?
Isn't it weird that phrases mean something totally different as an adult than when you were a kid?
What's the difference between light and hard?
What do you call a smart blonde?
Are limericks still in?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
Where do white supremacists go shopping?
What do you call a masturbating cow?
What did the lonely hedgehog get at the sex shop?
Want to hear a joke?
Thought of this joke in a dream. What did one tectonic plate say to the other tectonic plate?
What happened when the car took LSD?
How do you make a racing snail faster?
Did you hear about the Hollywood actress that got murdered...?
What would you get if you cross breed a Borg with a Ferengi?
What did the god of lightning say after working out for the first time?
What do mexicans call their erect penises?
Why are dyslexic zombies such good plumbers?
What do you call it when you meet somebody in a bathroom at a conference?
How do you make a tissue dance?
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman?
What do you call it when a DJ doesn't wear a period appropriate costume?
What do you get when you mix gangsta rap and relational aesthetics?
How do you best serve burned food?
How many blonde jokes are there?
Isn't it weird how something that's used as PUNISHMENT as a child becomes a sexual act once we're older?
Why did semen cross the road?
How did Luke Skywalker know what Darth Vader got him for his Birthday?
What does cheese say when you take its picture?
A spic and a nigger are falling from the top of the empire states building. Who hits the ground first?
How many Heros does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Is elliott a lawn mower?
What's the difference between Doctor Who and Facebook?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
Any jokes about failed startups?
What do you call a couch, chair, and a table made out of plants?
Why did the police officer smell?
Why did the man get fired from the orange juice factory?
What did the Olympic size swimming pool say to the kiddie pool?
Why did they bury the fireman beneath the hill?
What is the difference between a Ferrari and a boner?
Why did the obtuse triangle go to the beach?
What do you have if you have one fuzzy, green ball in one hand and another fuzzy, green ball in the other hand?
How many alzheimer's patients does it take to change a lightbulb?
if you have 1 cricket ball in 1 hand and another cricket ball in the other, what do you have?
What is the difference between Game of Thrones and Twitter?
What's the difference between parsley and pussy?
Why did the Hobbit put his phone on silent?
Did you hear about the shortsighted circumciser?
What do you get if you mix Coco Pops and milk? Chocolate milk! What do you get if you mix Coco Pops and chocolate milk?
What did the wall outlet say to the appliance?
What's the difference between a goat and a ram?
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why does everyone keep saying the Boston Marathon was a tragedy?
Why are there no gays in a mental asylum?
Why did the Mexican man throw his wife out the window?
You guys wanna hear a sushi joke? Alright... How do you make a tuna roll?
Why did the leper return to the shower?
What does the man with two left feet ask the shoe salesman?
How are men like fuses?
What is Mozart doing right now?
Did any of you hear about that pedo music teacher?
What do sexy farmers say all day?
Why did the woman divorce the grape?
(original) What hit song did Phil Collins write the after a big dinner at an Indian restaurant?
What do you do when attacked by a group if clowns?
How did the Catholic Priest finish the marathon?
How did David Copperfield get HIV?
How do Sesame Street characters reproduce?
What do you call a masturbating cow?
8 letter word for the somewhat-outdated practice by male prisoners of giving their female co-criminals first pick at the bootleg weapons?
How much does a hipster weigh?
What are all sports in Africa called?
How do you keep a black person from drowning?
Why shouldn't you shower with a Pokemon?
What happened to the Asian man that walked into a wall with an erection?
What is the definition of "indefinitely"?
What's the last thing you want to hear when you're getting a blowjob from Willie Nelson?
Why didn't the construction worker like to get wet?
what are the best sort of bees?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
what did the indian chief say when his dog jumped off the cliff?
Why does Ariel wear seashells?
What is the worst part about being a black jew?
What's the difference between an Irish wake and an Irish wedding?
What do you get when you mix a donkey & a onion?
What do Michael Jackson and Jimmy Savile have in common?
Why parents don't allow their children to listen to M. Jackson songs?
What do you call low class gay women?
Racist joke,(answer this BEFORE you click) What do you call a black man flying a plane?
Why is it called a funny bone?
What does a Scottish cat say?
How many sycophants does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Did you hear the one about the dad who told his son that if he didn't stop masturbating he would go blind?
What's long, hard and covered in blood?
What should you do if you see a spaceman?
What do a gynecologist and a pizza delivery boy have in common?
Where do senior citizens often go to the restroom?
What do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench?
Why are there so many trees along the Champs-Élysées?
What did the 2 oceans say to each other?
Why are people without converse shoes dangerous?
Did you hear about the castrated hipster?
What's the hardest part about being a pedophile?
Did you hear about the award winning scarecrow?
What do you do if someone's choking?
How many Nazis does it take to finish a race?
What's 72?
How can you tell if your wife is dead?
What do you call a virgin redneck?
What did the asian parents call their retarded son?
How do you make a hormone?
Why is 'dark' spelled with a k and not with c?
How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Guess how old I am?
Why does Pinocchio lie?
What is the difference between spinach and boogers?
What did the veggies say, as they sat down for supper?
Why did the crazy Mexican conductor get convicted for a crime?
What's the difference between sand and period blood?
What do you get when you're agnostic, dyslexic, and an insomniac?
How many dull people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Where did the farmer find his missing baby horse?
What does a girl who loves giving head eat for breakfast?
How come Smokey the Bear doesn't have any kids?
How did the puppeteer meet the President?
If killing a king is called regicide, what do you call killing a queen?
What kind of a shoe has a problem?
Why did the hippy teach the lumberjack calculus?
What do condoms and taxes have in common?
How come Django's wife never hears Django coming?
why do scuba divers go in the water backwards?
What did the Headless Horseman ask his colleague at Bad Guys Inc.?
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer?
How is a woman like KFC?
What does a gay horse eat?
Why doesn’t Nickelback play football?
What does a true Scot keep under his kilt?
If you woke up and couldn't remember the night before and your ass hurt real bad would you tell anyone?
How many electricians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's black and eats banana's?
What do you call a person with memory problems telling a joke?
How many Apple users does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why do pandas have black eyes?
What do you call a lazy baby kangaroo?
What's the safest place in Dallas during a tornado?
What's the difference between a picture of Jesus and Jesus himself?
What's the difference between light and hard?
Why does Pinocchio lie?
Why did they have to cancel the volleyball games in the special olympics?
What is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
Whats Lil' Waynes favorite pizza place?
Why did the French chef quit working at the haunted restaurant?
What's the best part about sex with a 5 year old?
Why did it take the computer so long to decide whether it wanted to buy an Egyptian cotton sheet?
Have you heard the one about the broken pencil?
What did the blind guy say when he walked past Red Lobster?
What do funeral home staff do if they mess up transporting a body?
What's the difference between a dog and a fox?
What's the most intelligent breakfast?
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What do you call an emotionally unstable animal who lives in alaska and vacations in antarctica?
What is the difference between your wife and your job?
What's brown and sticky?
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb?
How do you know all chickens are gold-digging size queens?
What is green and smells like bacon?
Why did the chicken of the sea cross the road?
Why did the traffic light turn red?
[THIS IS A REQUEST; DO NOT UPVOTE] Does anyone have a joke where the audience of the joke says the punchline?
What happened to the Jew who ran into the wall with a boner....?
What do you call a pile of kittens?
Why does Helen Keller only masterbate with one hand?
How do you circumsize a redneck?
What did Batman say when he went to the butcher?
What did the lower case "o" say to the capital "O"?
How did the Scotsman find the sheep in tall grass?
What did the Goat living in Manama say when it starting raining?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
Why was Skrillex never in an orchestra?
Why did the rooster get 20 years in prison?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
What do you call an Italian man without arms?
So excited to go and watch 'the Evil Dead' next week. Anyone else going to Thatcher's funeral?
Is venison deer?
How do you know Stephen Hawking has jungle fever?
Isn't everyone gettin over racist jokes?
Did I miss the Limerick fad?
How does the sun cut his hair?
What's the difference between the 3 Stooges and my penis?
What's all natural, well balanced, and comes in pints?
What did the mermaid wear to her math class?
How do know if the person that you have just met is a DJ?
What did the cannibal coach yell when his player twisted his ankle?
How many bears could Bear Grylls grill if Bear Grylls could grill bears?
How do you karma whore on r/Jokes?
If I had 5 dollars in one pocket and 5 dollars in the other what do I have?
Did you guys hear what happened to Helen Keller?
Why is the KKK a good place to find a job?
Did you hear about the gingerbread man gynaecologist?
Why was the candle mad at his friend?
Did you hear about the kid who died in the school freezer?
Why did Mr. T reject Marxism?
Why does Waldo wear stripes?
Do you know why banks have lollipops?
Limericks eh ?
Limericks eh?
Why did Helen Keller's dog run away?
What is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
Why was Kermit chased by nazis as a kid?
What do you call bears with no ears?
What did one snowman say to the other snowman?
How do you blindfold an Asian?
What's my favorite Jewish star wars character?
Who's bigger- Mister Bigger or Mister Bigger's baby?
Why did the guitarist get arrested?
What's the difference between a drum, a woman, and a blowjob?
What does a vegan zombie eat?
wanna hear a pizza joke?
So you like limericks, huh?
Did you hear about the deformed linebacker?
What's the worst thing about being black and jewish?
What's the difference between America and yoghurt?
What's funnier than a dead baby?
What do you call a computer that sings?
Why did the soda can quit its job at the vending machine?
I'm from the southern US, is it OK to poke fun at myself?
Did you hear about the Mexican Criminal trio?
How can you make your d bigger?
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb?
A black man and a Mexican are in a car, who is driving?
How many computer programmers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do women and computers have in common?
what is awesome and witty?
Did you hear about the basketball tournament in Mexico?
Why doesn't Rihanna tell her boyfriend jokes anymore?
What do you call a quadriplegic laying on the floor?
What's the difference between a whore and a mosquito?
What did the groundhog's trainer tell him before the Olympics?
What did they find in the toilet of the Starship Enterprise?
What's Irish and stays out all night?
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball?
Does Snoop Dog wear and apron when he cooks?
What's the difference between a fat girl and model?
If there are three gay guys in a bath and a lump of cum floats to the surface, what do they say?
How do you cut the Roman Empire in half?
What was Hitler's last two words?
Did you know that Harper Lee invented a cocktail?
What's the main ingredient in a Jedi martini?
How would you describe Al Gore playing the drums?
Why did the cancer patient get smacked?
What did Jay-Z call his girlfriend before getting married?
How much does a pirate pay for corn?
What's the hardest part about roller blading?
What's long and hard on a black man?
What do you call a man with his hand up a horses ass?
What do you call a group of politically similar crows?
How do you date a ghost?
What kind of explosive is popular with terrorist school-children?
A Mexican, a black guy, and an Asian are in a car. Who's driving?
How do you get 1000 cows into a barn ??
Did you hear the joke about german sausage?
What you you call a girl you meet on Reddit?
What do you say to a grammar nazi who just got their left side cut off?
What did one hat say to another?
What did the dough say to the baker?
How do you stop a dog from humping your leg?
What does a 9 volt battery have in common with a girl's butt hole?
Why don't you eat a girl the morning after sex?
Why did the dwarf go out of business?
Do you know who Candice is??
What do you call the deaf man with no limbs?
What is the common point between spinach, and Sodomey?
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What is a simile?
What do you call a male seamstress?
What do you call 10 rabbits marching backwards?
Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What is the heaviest surgical intervetion that can be done to women ?
[Black Joke] what's the difference between a Black guy and a pizza?
Whats pink and smells awful?
What do people who refuse to fight use as weapons?
why did Bob quit working at the toilet paper factory?
How do you make a cat go "woof"?
What kind of file do you need to turn a 15mm hole into a 40mm hole?
Who did the chickens vote for president?
Where do Bees use the bathroom?
Why did the Jew vote for Obama?
How do you turn a fox into a cow?
What are your best "If I had ____ for every time..." jokes?
What's the difference between a truck load of babies and a truck load of bowling balls?
What's the difference between CNN and Al-Jazeera?
What do you do on a date with a feminist?
Why did the pervert cross the road?
Why do orphans go to church?
(Q)..... What's the difference between a lawyer and a rooster?
Why are black people afraid to fall asleep?
WHAT KIND OF BAND PLAYS SNAPPY MUSIC?
What does a blonde do when her computer freezes?
Do you know why black people are so good at basketball?
What is long and hard on a Newfie?
What do you call a black guy having sex?
What has 9 arms and sucks?
Why is the Statue of Liberty a woman?
What's the difference a teckel and the United Nations?
why do woman get periods?
What did the teacher call her intelligent yet self-harming student?
What do you call a hippo that swears?
How does a black woman know that she's pregnant?
Why did God invent Yeast infections?
Why is it so expensive to divorce a woman here in California?
What's the opposite of Christopher Walken?
Have you heard about the two guys who tried to steal a calendar?
What is the difference between a blonde and a mosquito?
I need your best jokes about mammals. Can you guys help me out?
Did you hear about the fire at the circus?
Why dont cannibals eat clowns?
What's the best dating service in India?
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court?
What is the difference between a physicist and a biologist?
Hey Guys! They brought back Angry Beavers! Isn't it great?
What's the difference between illegal and unlawful?
Why did the mermaid wear sea shells?
How many Mexicans do you need working in the kitchen?
Why was Cleopatra angry?
What's the Cuban national anthem?
What's the difference between Santa Claus and Jews?
What's the difference between inlaws and outlaws?
What is the difference between a dealer and a hooker?
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
How would a Muslim describe Castro's gay, atheist lover?
How many women does it take to park a car?
What happened to the thick yellow liquid that committed a crime?
How do you eat a vegetable?
Why did jillian fall of the swing?
What do you call a horse with a broken leg?
How do you know when your best friend is gay?
What do you call the mythical cookie baking creatures with strong vaginal muscles?
What do you call an army of lesbians?
Why don't orphans play hide and seek?
Why did the blonde wear green lipstick?
What do Princess Diana, Kurt Cobain, and Pink Floyd all have in common?
What has more brains than Kurt Cobain?
Why does a chicken coup have two doors?
What's the difference between people in Dubai and people in Abu Dhabi?
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb?
How do people with acid reflux complain?
What did the sea say to the beach?
what do you call a priest who quits to become a lawyer?
What's a camel?
Have you heard of the Tempura House?
Did you know I'm dating a dental hygienist?
What's the difference between a leper and a tree?
What do you tell a woman with a black eye?
Do you know what the difference is between a white person and a black person that sell drugs?
What do you call a masturbating cow?
What's better than roses on your piano?
Whats worse than having a lobster on yer piano?
What do you call an anorexic girl that has a yeast infection?
What is the difference between a man and a dog?
Why do blacks keep on getting stronger?
What candy do you give your wife before you get married?
Why do porn sites have a share to Google+ option?
What happens when you find bones on the moon?
If a woman with big boobs works at Hooters where does a woman with one leg work?
Want to hear a good pee joke?
What repulsive awful thing can be found in a black persons clothes?
What do you call someone with March Madness who doesn't even like basketball?
What does Salvador Dahli eat for breakfast?
What's the difference between a gay man's moustache and a straight man's moustache?
What is 168?
Do you know what the kid with no hands got for Christmas?
How much does a midget stripper with three kids get paid?
Did you hear about the overweight, alcoholic transvestite?
What is the difference between the Pope and acne?
Did you hear Rolf Harris is dyslexic?
What do you say to a gay man with plumbers butt?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth?
What did the customer ask the prostitute when they got to the hotel?
Heard about the newest fad shoes on the market?
Can you think of something more ironic than being a gay chiropractor?
What is the last thing the host of an orgy says to his guests?
What do you call a bus on its way to Comic Con?
How do you spot the blind man at the nudist beach?
What's orange and sounds like a parrot?
Why does a chicken coop have two doors?
Does Lance Armstrong enjoy cycling?
Why do women wear white wedding dresses?
Did you hear about the paranoid dyslexic?
what's the easiest way to get a jewish girl's number?
Why was the guitar teacher arrested?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
What did the proctologist ask the restaurant goer?
What kind of pizza does Lil Wayne like?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
What did one tampon say to the other tampon?
What does a perverted frog say?
What's the difference between a strawberry and a pencil?
What did the woman say to the vampire when she woke up with her period?
Why did Sodium Chloride get arrested?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Hear the one about the deaf man who went fishing?
Why did the lobster blush?
Why do hurricanes have girl names?
Why did the minus sign run for office?
What's going on?
How many of you love your husbands??
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, a dyslexic, and an agnostic?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
What's the most useless thing on a woman?
You all like dinosaurs...right?
How can you tell if a fat chick is pregnant?
How does Jennifer Lopez like her cheese?
Who really appreciates a good fisting?
Why did the cop pull over the U-Haul truck?
What did the Nazi Police Officer Give to the Schoolchildren?
What did the Bra say to the Hat?
What's the best way to grease a Ferrari?
What do you call a black brick with three holes in it?
What do you call a droid that always takes the longest route?
Whats the difference between love, ture love, and showing off?
What part of the vegetable is hardest to eat?
What's big and brown and rhymes with snoop?
What did the Philosophy Ph.D say to the fat black woman?
What do you call a broken vibrator?
At what time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon?
How do you titillate an ocelot?
Why is 6 scared of 7?
What's more fun than nailing dead babies to a wall?
What do you do in 5 minutes that you then suffer for for 9 months?
What's the difference between beekeeping and falconry?
What did the father buffalo say to his son going off to college?
What kind of chicken is circumcised and suffers from E.D.?
Did you hear about the guy that made a terrible joke?
What's Irish and stays on your back porch all year?
Why was the 40 degree angle so nice to the 50 degree angle?
What would it be like to have world with out women??
Why's it a good idea to have a threesome with 2 Vietnamese girls?
What kind of sex do boring people have?
Why was lil' Wayne tired after programming?
What's the difference between an attorney and a herd of buffalo?
Why don't the zebra and the lion like to play cards in the prairie?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
why couldn't the rabbi eat out during passover?
How do you make a Kleenex dance?
What's Irish and sits outside?
How many protesters does it take to change a light bulb?
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway bag?
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall?
What do you call a lesbian octopus?
What happened to the brain eating zombie that went to Washington?
What advice did Tiger Woods' dad have for Tiger during training?
What's green, white, and orange and only appears once a year?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
What's lil Wayne's favorite pizza?
What's long and green and has an asshole at each end?
How many potatoes does it take to kill and Irishman?
(Q)..... What Do You Call A Brunette Standing Between Two Blondes?
How does a Jew make tea?
John in here?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How much hummus did the anorexic girl order?
What happens to a politician when he takes a Viagra?
WHY WAS THE BROOM LATE FOR WORK?
What does it sound like when a Pterodactyl urinates?
Why was the peanut rushed to the hospital?
What did the man say when he saw the Jewish man stealing his water?
WHAT DO YOU CALL A FAKE NOODLE?
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy?
What kind of cigarettes do hippies smoke?
Why do they call a bird that lives by the sea, a seagul?
Did you hear about the psychic midget who escaped from prison?
Why did the condom fly around the room?
What's the similarity between smoking a cigarette and eating pussy?
What did the Buddhist get for Christmas?
[Meta] Trying to remember a joke: "Green Reptar"?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What kind of sex do you have with twenty seven year olds?
What do you call it when Batman skips church?
What is the most painful cereal known to man kind?
Why do golfers wear two pairs of pants?
How did the blond chip her tooth?
What do American beers and Sex in a Canoe have in common?
Why arent There Many jewish gardeners?
What happened after an explosion at a French cheese factory?
What do you call a pile of frog dung?
What did one tampon say to the other tampon?
How do you know if your roommate is gay?
What do you call a Black-Asian?
what's the strongest part of a vegetable?
Why did the flight from Warsaw to Moscow crash?
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's wife?
What's green with a brown tip?
What do a Jewish mother-in-law and 60 Minutes have in common?
Wanna hear a potassium joke?
Whats the difference between a woman in church and a woman in the bathtub?
When does an astronaut eat his favourite meal?
Why don't bats sleep outside?
How many cancer patients does it take to change a light bulb?
Have you ever had Ethiopian food?
How many black people does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why did the chicken cross the mobius strip?
What do you call a midget with Down Syndrome?
What was wrong with the wooden car?
What's the difference between 3 dicks and a joke?
What's so bad about being a virgin, anyway?
What's the difference between a hippie chick and a hockey player?
Why can't T-rex's clap?
How many Latvian to eat potato?
Why is there no aspirin in the jungle?
Why is it called the sistine chapel?
What's the difference between a Greyhound bus depot and a lobster with big boobs?
How do you make holy water?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
What's the worst thing you can hear while giving Willie Nelson a blowjob?
Did you hear about the new tractor movie?
What do all North Korean's say when you ask them how their day was?
What do you call a 200 year old Buffalo?
Difference between Memory and RAM?
Why did Jesus quit playing hockey?
What type of bees make milk?
Why did the motorcycle fall asleep?
Have y'all heard that new hot rapper with Muscular Dystrophy?
What did the homeless guy get for Christmas?
How do truckers contact each other in Wisconsin?
Why are dogs always thirsty?
Why did Dairy Queen get pregnant?
In what direction do five gay guys walk?
A mexican and black person have a car race. They both end up going over a cliff and die. Who won the race?
Why did the trout leave the cult?
How is American Beer similar to making love in a canoe?
Where can you find tetraplegics?
Why are black people so bad at walking up stairs?
Where do you get virgin wool from?
What did Dracula say to the teacher?
What is the difference between a church and a cult?
Why is North Korea so cruel?
What did the redneck girl say to her father?
What did the male Dragonborn say to the female dragon?
Why do Asian females have small boobs?
What did the egg say to the pot of boiling water?
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose?
Hey, Can I take you to Hogwarts?
What do you do with an epileptic in a bathtub?
What's the last thing to go through a bug's mind when it hits a car's windshield?
Why do lesbians go to Sports Authority?
How much does a cockney spend on shampoo?
What do you call a girl that raps about women rights?
What's black and screams like fuck?
Why did the Russians lose the space race?
Did you hear that the Energizer Bunny got arrested?
What do you call bovine masturbation?
What do you get when you take the circumference of a jack'olantern?
What do planets read?
How did Canada pick its name?
What lives in a tree and is dangerous?
Why do Jews like to watch porn backwards?
What did people say after two satellite dishes got married?
Why shouldn't you take the Fourier transform of a square pulse while on a boat?
How did the greeks separate the men from the boys?
Why aren't jokes in base 8 funny?
What's the difference between a thug and a pirate's dad?
Why do women wear makeup and perfume?
What type of writing is the most profitable?
What's the worst thing when being told you have Alzheimer's?
Who is Thor?
Did you hear about the man with five penises?
Did you hear about the guy with the invisible penis?
How did Moses make his tea?
Why did the boy throw the butter out the window?
What does PETA stand for?
When is a door not a door?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
How did the blind skydiver know he was about to hit the ground?
Whats the difference between a South African tourist and a racist?
How do you know if hippies have been in your house?
Why do French people only ever have one egg for breakfast?
What did Thomas Jefferson grow?
Why did the moth go into the dentist's office?
Why doesn't democracy work in china?
[OC] Did you hear about the two fruits who weren't allowed to get married?
What do you call a pig that votes?
Why doesn't Santa have any kids?
How many LA cops does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What do you call a dog with brass balls and no hind legs?
How does an octopus go to war?
What do you get when you mix acids and bases together?
What did the scarecrow say when the farmer asked him in for dinner?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How does Michael J Fox take his martinis?
How do you discuss cheese with a Welshman?
What's the difference between hardware and software?
Casey Anthony is still unemployed...?
If you're paddling a canoe up a river and a wheel falls off, how many pancakes fit in a doghouse?
Why was the fruit/vegetable hybrid upset?
Why did the Mexican try to wear his taco?
How many surreal artists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What does a strawberry and a blueberry have in common?
Why is today John Philip Sousa Day?
What did the grape say when it got stepped on?
What's black, white, red, and has trouble going through a revolving door?
What is a Freudian slip?
What's a Catholic's favorite way to send money?
What do you call a high security U.S. prison in China?
Whats the difference between a tornado and a divorce in the south?
What do Swimming and Masturbation have in common?
What's the difference between a Greyhound terminal in New Jersey and a voluptuous lobster?
Pretentious? Moi?
What did one slave-owning waffle say to the other slave-owning waffle?
Why do black people have nightmares?
Why does the USA use °F?
What do you call a musician's erection?
How is Rihanna's boyfriend and power tools the same?
What do you say to a thin American?
What is the difference between a gay man and a freezer?
What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer?
What do you call a gangster Hobbit?
What the hell was that noise?
Are you the fourth derivative of a position function?
What kind of fish is funny, beautiful and a good role model for young women?
When a farmer fucks a sheep, do you know why he does so at the edge of a cliff?
Why can't Buddhists vacuum under the couch?
What was Justin Timberlake called when he was a kid?
What's better than a rose on a piano?
What do you call a poor Italian community?
How did the zebra get its stripes?
What do you get when you cross an Italian with a gorilla?
What do Cooperstown and Woodstock have in common?
Why was the prostitute so good at her job?
What`s the definition of frustration?
Did you hear about the guy who watched that new Bruce Willis film five times in a row?
What do you get when you pour boiling water down a rabbit hole?
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball?
Did you hear about the weather report from the ski resort in Lake Tahoe?
What do you mean by being loud?
Did you hear about the midget psychic that escaped from jail?
Where is the lost city of Atlantis?
What did one bean say to the other?
What should vegetarians eat for protein?
What do you call it when a midget realizes he's gay?
What did the pope give up for lent?
How many cops does it tale to change a light bulb?
How does a Scotsman find a sheep in the tall grass?
Did you hear about the guy who's been pickpocketing midget charity workers?
What do you call a Roman with hair in his teeth?
What was so great about being a black jew?
What happened to Jesus when he went to Mount Olive?
Does /r/Jokes know any good braces jokes/puns?
What's Han Solo's favorite type of video game?
What kind of STD does a bird get?
Why did 7 8 9?
Why didn't the lifeguard save the drowning hippie?
Why was the mentally challenged midget crying?
What's it called when Hobbits build houses for other Hobbits?
Why is Bon Jovi's bed always messy?
How many skateboarders does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why didn't the dog want to go into outer space?
What do you called a piano someone pissed in?
Which Fruit Can't Get Married??
How is college like a woman?
What's the difference between a woman in church and a woman in the bath?
What did the timid porn star say to the talking cat?
Dude can you make the stitches spell out ___?
What do you get when you cross a penis and a potato?
What did the hat say to the hat rack?
What's the difference between an apple?
What's the difference between men and women?
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand?
Whats the difference between your mom and a washing machine?
Why is it so hard to play cards in the jungle?
A joke about pi?
Looking for Sympathy?
What do you call a potato wearing glasses?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
What's one thing Lance Armstrong can still make money from?
What do trees take when they have a headache?
Whats the difference between a lawyer and a teenage boy?
What did the debater say after getting stabbed during an argument?
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's new house?
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb?
Which whale makes the best sexual partner?
How do you circumcise a redneck?
What do you call the Pope after he's resigned?
How does Bob Marley like his biscuits?
Where do OB/GYNs go to school?
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
Why did the computer programmer put up his Christmas lights on Halloween?
Why was 10 scared?
Why did Ibuprofen miss his friends?
What do fat chicks and brick walls have in common?
What changes faster than technology?
What do a gang member and a redneck have in common?
What is a rock's favorite band?
What is the difference between michael jackson and a grocery bag?
What's the difference between a dead baby and a sandwich?
What did the termite say to the chair?
What did the little boy say to the priest?
What did Batman say to Robin before getting in the car?
What is the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
Why does the baker bake?
Did you hear Justin Timberlake is making a new song based on Oscar Pistorious?
What do an alcoholic and a necrophile have in common?
POLITICS! How does that work?
Why can't you see a transgender who's a dad?
What is Oscar Pistorius's new favourite band?
What's the difference between a hockey player and a hippy chick?
What do chicks and jobs have in common?
What do you call a herd of masturbating cattle?
How did the pirate fix the hole in his pants?
What do you call a cow that has abortion?
What is the Jolly Green Giant most afraid of?
Bad news or good news?
What's green and smells like pork?
Why was the Lego boxer unmatched in the ring?
What does spinach and anal sex have in common?
What do Kermit the Frog and Henry the VIII have in common?
What's brown and sticky?
A black man and a mexican are in a car. Who is driving?
What's a pirate's favorite workout program?
Anyone else experiencing bad weather?
What did the native american say the first time he saw a bicycle?
Gaming: What's the difference between a train and SONY?
What does a pirate with back spasms say?
What does Bob Marley wear to sleep?
What is the coolest food on the planet?
Why does a dirvorce cost so much?
Honey,is the cat at home??
What's Goku's favorite subject?
How does every Romanian recipe start?
Mr Sugarbrown's daughter?
Did you hear the one about Philip Glass?
What do you call it when you cover your penis in postage stamps?
What does a pizza boy and a gynecologist in have common?
What kind of bees make milk instead of honey?
What do you call a fat Asian?
Why did Hellen Keller's dog run away?
Why did the bicycle fall over?
What type of car does a Loch ness monster Drive?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Why did the forgetful Mexican cross the road?
An oldie but a goodie: What do Pink Floyd & Dale Earnhardt Sr. have in common?
What do you call a Mexican baptism?
Why is it hard to sell bibles in Germany?
What state makes exclusively swiss cheese?
Who is the coolest guy in the hospital?
What kind of cigarettes do hippies smoke?
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at college?
Mom mom are farts heavy?
If a hipster falls on the forest, does it make a sound?
How did Luke Skywalker know what Darth Vader got him for Christmas?
Why did the chicken coop have two doors?
How do you know that your wife is dead?
What did the Eskimo say about the interface on his new iphone?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
How many music majors does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a stampede that runs in circles?
why didn't the clothing drive at the homeless shelter not work out?
What do you call a sleepwalking nun?
What's the internal temperature of a Ton-Ton?
Why should you never laugh at thieves in a car-accident?
Does your dog bite?
Whats the square root of 69?
What did the plate say to the mug?
Have you guys heard about the drastic effects of erosion on the Great Pyramids?
Have you heard that Magnesium is dating Oxygen?
Hey guys, have you heard about the new corduroy pillow?
What kind of bike does hipster Jesus ride?
Why can't you hear Django coming?
What do you call a woman with one leg longer than the other?
Want to hear a joke about Alzheimer's?
Why can't a hand be 12 inches long?
How do you refer to a necessary bear?
Why did the blonde starve to death?
What does a black man do after sex?
What do lawyers use for birth control?
Did you hear about the new German microwave?
Why cant a woman be the goalie for hockey?
What do you call a bunch of Jews in a concert?
When is the best time to have diarrhea?
What do you get when you cross a penis with a potato?
What did the koalas say after getting in a fender bender?
What do you get when you cross a bell with a piece of shit?
Why did the elk cry at the funeral?
What do you call a Massachusite who cuts down trees?
Guess What?
What do you call a dinosaur with an English degree?
You know what's the ultimate form of rejection?
What do vegetables watch when they're feeling frisky?
A peeping tom fell out if a tree, where did he end up?
Why don't blind people go bungee jumping?
Why can't bears get jobs in Australia?
What do you call a Hispanic woman with no legs?
What do you call an online encyclopedia for DJs?
Why can't you hear the bass on Metallica's And Justice For All album?
Why do chemists call helium, curium, and barium 'the medical elements'?
Did you hear about the guy from Prague wearing armor?
What is The Fonz's blood type?
What did the bolt say to the nut?
Whats black and always in the back of a cop car?
What did Star Trek teach millions of kids?
How do you get a male cat "fixed"?
Anyone ever seen Stevie Wonders house?
What is it called when a large piece of foliage is the same on both sides?
What's better than having sex with an 8 year old boy against a barbed wire fence?
What separates the men from the boys in the Navy?
What do you call an onion with no shoes?
Why didn't Peter Jackson cast any black actors in The Lord Of The Rings?
how does Justin Bieber remove a condom?
What do you call someone who raises the dead by giving them hickeys?
What did the blonde say when her doctor told her that she was pregnant?
What do you call a Rhinoceros in heat?
How many Freudian slips does it take to change a light bulb?
What was Farmer Joe supposed to say?
Why did Hitler kill himself?
When does a boy scout become a man?
What did tarzan say when he saw a herd of elephants in the distance?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What would you name someone who can predict when people sneeze?
What is the difference between 'Ignorance' and 'Apathy'?
What do you get when you put a live rabbit in the oven?
What does a gamer say when he get married?
What is the difference between an epileptic oyster farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea?
How come the leader of the USSR from the 1920's to 1951 never got anything done?
Is this her first child?
What's orange and sounds like a parrot?
Did you hear about the two peanuts that got lost in the bad neighborhood last night?
Why should you never date a French Horn player?
What happens when you throw a laptop into the ocean?
Wanna hear a good joke?
Guess what my Valentine gave me?
How do circumcision doctors get paid?
What's The Difference Between a Redditor and a Calender?
How do you kill a walrus?
What happens when a mean girl dies?
What does an illustrator say to his girlfriend on Valentine ?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What happens when the Pope dies?
What did the fish say when he swam into a wall?
Did you hear about the man who got hit in the head with a can of soda?
What did the thirsty Spanish pirate say?
how do you know you're at a gay picnic?
How much liquid can Monica Lewinskys mouth hold?
What did the Mexican say when a gust of wind blew his homework out the window?
How do you sink the Polish navy?
Wanna hear a pizza joke?
What does the H. in Jesus H. Christ stand for?
Why doesn't Jesus like M&M's?
What's an Apple Scottish self-aware computer called?
How many Dragonball Z characters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What is the difference between a calendar and you?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What's the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi?
What STD is found most commonly among lesbians?
How's it like living in a totalitarian regime?
What did Optimus Prime say to Arcee?
How can you tell if someone's a vegan?
What doesn't belong in this list : Meat, Eggs, Wife, Blowjob?
Why can't you bring valve oil to the airport?
What did Jesus say to the Roman guy that pissed him off?
If you are an American in the living room, what are you in the bathroom?
How did the polish terrorist burn his lips?
How do people in Nor Cal get around?
Why does the new French navy have glass bottom ships?
Did you hear about the guy who took his suppositories orally?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
How do you make tear-free soap?
What do you call a woman that tries to force you into commitment?
You guys hear that Bono fell off the stage at the big U2 concert last night?
What did Pat Benatar say to the kid throwing cereal at her?
What's the definition of trust?
What did Snoop Dogg say upon graduation as a EE major?
What do Bill Gates and the Pope have in common?
What is the best part of a blowjob?
Where do taxi drivers with bad skin go for treatment?
What is the Catholic Church giving up for Lent?
Why should you distrust atoms?
Why doesn't the pope like the Higgs Boson?
What do they do at a prom for a school of the mentally disabled?
Did you hear what the Pope was giving up for lent?
How do you castrate the pope?
How do you make an English Muffin blush?
If the Pope dies, does this means he got a promotion or he got fired?
Whats best joke aboot canada?
Did you hear about the band the hipster liked?
What do you find with 4 Catholics?
Why do hunters make better lovers?
what does a nosey peper do?
What do you get when you run over a goose?
Whats brown and rhymes with snoop?
How many homeless people does it take to screw a light bulb?
Why is it so hard for women to find men that are sensitive, caring, and good-looking?
What does a fat person and hitler have in common?
What's green and fuzzy and if it falls out of a tree it will kill you?
What's a dragon's favorite snack?
What is the difference between joghurt and America?
How do deaf people meet online?
What do you call a rich Chinese person ?
What did the carrot say to the DJ?
(6-year old brother gave me this one) Why do farts smell?
who many Freudians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Was Nor'easter Nemo an omeN?
What's the internal temperature of a tauntaun?
What's the difference between hematologists and urologists?
What do you call a shop that sells aquatic vessels?
What makes you think that Minnie Mouse is insane?
Why did the liontamer stop using WinZip?
What do you do when you see a spaceman?
Why didn't Mr. Clean's wife ever get pregnant?
What is the longest sentence that a man can make?
Why did Chris Brown stop having long-term relationships?
If Bob Marley were alive today, what would he listen to music on?
Why does it take more than one squirrel to change a light bulb?
What do you do if your video card driver keeps crashing?
Why don't cannibals eat ex-wives?
What did the poker dealer say to LMFAO?
What kind of computer can sing?
How do you make a tissue dance?
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe?
How did the midget feel when he found out he was retarded?
Why don't orphans play baseball?
What do you call the line at a Vietnamese restaurant?
What do fat women get for Valentine's day?
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe?
What do you get if you put four economists in a white room and ask them what colour the walls are?
What should you do if you get an erection on the subway?
What do you do if your girlfriend starts smoking?
What do gay horses like?
Why wasn't the Canadian scared at the movie theater?
Who's the biggest slut ever?
What do you call a Black Abortion clinic?
Why do we call the office printer Bob Marley?
What has two thumbs and got laid last night?
Why do hippies like corduroy?
This one is pretty offensive... Whats the difference between Jesus and a whore?
What do you call an all Sikh band?
What kind of bees make milk?
Why do they wear skirts in New Zealand?
How do you know that your girlfriend has been cheating on you with a black guy?
Why was hans crying at dinner?
What's the difference between Ann Coulter and a bucket of shit?
This will be my first valentines with a girlfriend. Anyone have any ideas to help make it great?
What do you call a socialite stripper?
Which of the following words does not belong: meat, eggs, wife, blowjob?
What do you call a cinema in Jamiaca?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
What did the vampire say to the werewolf after discovering its blood is inedible?
How do you make a hormone?
How do skeletons greet each other?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What is red and bad for your teeth?
How much money do terrible movies make?
Why shouldn't you argue with a 90 degree angle?
Hello? 911?
Do you wanna play the rape game?
Why do you never buy a woman a watch?
What did one gay sperm say to the other???
What happens when the Sun and the Moon get together?
What famous actor is like a jail cell full of white guys?
What do (does?) Rihanna and Onion Rings have in common?
Did you hear about player safety in the super bowl?
Superbowl XLVII - How does Beyonce answer the phone?
What do you call a cold homie?
Why do Mexicans cross the border alone?
What's the first place Dora explored?
Why did the hipster burn his tongue on his coffee?
What's the difference between Roast Beef and Pea Soup?
What do you call a walrus that's been hit by a bus?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
What is the best anti-joke you know?
Why don't you hear Django's penis talk during the movie?
What do you call a fat skeleton?
What do you call a chicken with a piece of lettuce on its face?
If you're Canadian before you enter the bathroom, and American when you leave, what are you inside?
Why can't T-Rexes clap?
How did the Canadian win the hockey game?
What did the constipated math teacher do?
Why did the snail paint an S on the back of his car?
Why don't Mexicans cross the border in groups of three?
Why was the nun hooked up to an IV of holy water?
Why do bald guys have holes in their pockets?
Wanna hear a joke?
hello, hello ! 911 ? 911 ?
What were Jesus' final words?
What's a Jewish Catch 22?
What do you do if you come across a tiger in the jungle?
How did Michael Jackson get food poisoning?
How many women with PMS does it take to change a light bulb?
How many Biebers does it take to change a light bulb?
What is the difference between a blimp and 365 blowjobs?
Have you heard about the music stores percussion sale?
How do you start a rave in Africa?
How is the porn industry different from every other career?
Why were there 600 Mexicans at the Alamo?
Why is called a Pap Smear?
How much does a hipster weigh?
What does it taste like to go down on a little old lady?
Which computer is the best at singing?
Why are Mexicans bad at UNO?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
Why did the Soviets decide to be Russian?
What kind of file makes a hole bigger??
What's the most popular sport in Mexico?
What is the difference between a Catholic and a Baptist?
What did the man say when he couldn't get the gun to fire?
What do you call a hooker with a runny nose?
Did you hear about that celebrity who committed suicide? Reese whatsername?
How do you turn a fox into a cow?
What's the best time of the day?
D'ya hear about the guy that drowned in a bowl of muesli?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
What is the difference between a creep and a kid?
What do you call the small amount of time between when you slip on a peel and when you hit the pavement?
Which sex position produces the most ugly babies?
What happens when you bring beer to a BYU party?
What do you call an Italian who has sex with kids?
How do you turn lead into gold?
what did the kiwi statue said to the other kiwi statue?
Why did the vampire feel tired after dinner?
What Did The Chinese Man Say When Asked What He Wanted For Dinner?
What's brownish and runs on oil?
What did the judge order in his whiskey?
Why can't you keep a secret from cattle?
[OC] What did the imprisoned locksmith say after he told the inmates a bunch of bad jokes?
What kinds of boobs are popular in the workplace?
Did you know what 6.9 is?
What's the difference between Santa Claus and a Jew?
Why were Mary and Joseph considered such good businessmen?
What do you call an underwater restaurant that serves cured meats to sharks?
Anyone have any jokes about Rats?
Did you hear about the gay guy who quit?
What do you call a deaf dog?
What is brown and sticky?
Why are farmers so afraid of aliens?
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb?
Can we ban this guy?
What do you call playing chess against yourself?
What do you call the object Attila the Hun uses to brush his leg hair?
What happened to the indian who drank too much tea?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
What do the name of a troll on this subreddit, the behavior of said troll, and any of the 50 states that don't border Arkansas, Kansas, Colorado, Missouri, New Mexico, and Texas have in common?
What do you get when you cross and elephant and a rhino?
What do you call an X-Games athlete who placed dead last?
What did the Banana do when he was accused of drowning his children and slowly torturing his wife to death?
Why don't you want to eat pussy in the morning?
Where is the best place to hide a body?
Have you heard the joke about the three rats?
Why don't they have gambling in Africa?
Why did people hate going on road trips with Kurt Cobain?
What's the first thing Michael Jackson did when he walked into a Chuck 'E' Cheese?
Why was the little Martian sad?
Hear about the cross-eyed teacher?
What do you call a fake noodle?
What do you call a nun in a wheel-chair?
Where do dogs shop for groceries?
How many dragon Ball z characters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
what do you call a black man flying a plane?
How did the pharmacist know his drink was spiked?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What is the difference between a porcupine and a BMW?
Why was Epsilon afraid of Zeta?
How do you know someone is a vegan?
What does a clock do when it gets hungry?
Russia's most prolific musician?
What do you call a fat psychic?
Did you hear about the kidnapping on the bus?
How did the farmer figure out how much milk he had?
What did the hookers hang on the christmas tree?
What do you call a dog in the library?
Why did Mozart get rid of his chickens?
How did the math teacher solve her constipation problem?
Where does a legged waitress work?
Why couldn't the fruit get married?
What's the difference between a baby and an ounce of Coke?
What does the south call friends with benefits?
What's the difference between a leprechaun and a hooker with 5 STD's?
Did you hear about the Italian chef?
what does a Nazi turkey say?
What's green, slimey and smells like pork?
Wanna hear a joke about my penis?
What's white on top and black on the bottom?
Why do priests cry during sex?
What do you call a Reddit Psychic?
Why a fourth time?
Canadian Joke: How was Terry Fox like Hitler?
What is the difference between a Pickpocket and a Peeping Tom?
What's your opinion on the mobius strip debate?
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeve?
Why did the Chicken cross the road?
What are the sickest rock layers?
What do chickens say?
What do you call a midget psychic on the run from the Feds?
How come Miss Piggy couldn't talk?
What's Irish and sits on a deck?
How do drown a hipster?
Where does a vampire go to buy his sheets and towels?
What's your best Bear joke?
Want to hear a joke about nitric oxide?
What do you call an obese psychic?
How can you tell if you accidentally wandered into a gay bar?
Why do men float?
Why can't you fool an aborted fetus?
What did the Arab land his 747?
What technique does a prisoner use when coloring a picture?
What did the spice say during climax?
How do you make an octopus laugh?
Why does Stephen Hawking have a boring sex life?
Do you know how they came up with the name for a shark?
How do you know Jesus loves Japanese food?
How do you get Pikachu on a bus?
What's the difference between a Philosophy major and a cashier at KFC?
How do you make a female chemist feel self conscious?
Who's Bob?
What do you call a room full of men watching the Super Bowl on a big screen TV?
Why can't chickens pee?
Why did the woman's visit to wall street land her in the hospital?
what's better than roses on the piano?
If you woke up in the woods with your pants at your ankles, a condom in your ass, and no recollection of the last 24 hours, would you tell anyone?
Why did the algae end up at school?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
How do you say goodbye to German cheese?
What do vegetarian zombies eat?
Why are black people good at basketball?
Do penises and testicles have much in common?
What type of lights were on Noah's Ark?
What questioned started the Holocaust?
What did the pedophile say when he got out of jail ?
What do you call a nun that walks in her sleep?
What goes "Pop-pop-pop-pop-pop-pop click-click-click-click-click-click pop-click"?
What do the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common?
Why didnt the shrimp let anyone else eat?
How do you get ready for a trip around the Sun?
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car?
What's the difference between a straight man's moustache and a gay man's moustache?
What's big, green, fuzzy, has four legs, and if it fell from a tree it would kill you?
Dad, can I get a motorcycle?
What's the best thing about being the 'third-wheel' for your friends in relationships?
Do you have 11 protons?
Why do ostriches have long necks?
How can you tell if someone lifts?
How many guys in the friendzone does it take to change a lightbulb?
What is the dairy farmer's favorite exercise?
What's the difference between a thief and a peeping Tom?
You know what's the only difference between Martin Luther King day and St. Patrick's day?
What's the difference between black people and cancer?
What did Little Miss Muffet and Saddam Hussein have in common?
what's the worst part about having sex with your pets?
What kind of bear likes the rain?
What do you say to a handicapped dog?
What does Batman like in his lemonade?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call a group of JD Salingers?
What's better than being up to your knees in beer?
Why was the London sperm bank so unsuccessful?
Did you know that, during the first game of the 1936 baseball season, the Boston Braves managed to win while also badly injuring six players on the opposing team?
Why do so many black people believe in God?
What do you call a german that can't see?
Anyone got any good Elvis jokes?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
Have you tried Ethiopian food?
My Dad's Maths Joke: Why do programmers confuse Christmas and Halloween?
What did the farmer say when he couldn't find his tractor?
What do I get when I raise up a platform to play Mozart?
What does a mathematics professor do when he is constipated?
What's worse than finding Astroglide on your Mom's shopping list?
What does toilet paper and the Star Trek Enterprise have in common?
Why did the chicken cross the Möbius strip?
What do you call an Indonesian shoe factory that just had air conditioning installed?
Is this a little too proper for r/jokes?
Why did I divide sin by tan?
what's the square root of 69?
What did the grape say when an elephant stepped on him?
What do you call presents after you've opened them?
Why is Peter Pan always flying?
Why did the python return his pants?
What do you call a muslim crocodile?
This is my dad's (a math major) favourite joke. What's the difference between an Engineer and a Mathematician?
What's a necrophilic pirate's favorite activity?
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer?
What happens when you provoke an angry redhead?
What did Bob Ross do after eating a fair of fickled feffers?
Where do people in Detroit get their groceries?
What do you call a homosexual in Iran after he's been outed?
What do you call a person that constantly hunts for karma?
What's the difference between a Soap Opera and a Trailer Park?
Why are all Blackberry workers so bad at basketball?
What do you call a bus driver who helps old people and parents with children on and off the bus?
What do you call a pile of cats?
Did you hear the one about the amber alert?
Why did they stop the leper hockey game?
What is the greatest dilemma for a Jewish mother?
What's the difference between Jesus and a bunch of Mexicans?
How do you confuse a Jew?
Why did the Chinese almost lose in Mulan?
Lance Armstrong...Optimist or Pessimist?
Did you hear about the gay broom?
Why did the blonde crawl over the glass wall?
How does a streetwalker sing and give bj-s at the same time?
How many Carpathians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What did the leper say to the hooker?
Did you hear about the football player who went to jail?
Why was William Henry Harrison's inaugural address so memorable?
What do you call fake spaghetti?
What concert costs 45 cents?
Whats the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts?
Why was the Polaroid fanfiction ignored by the photography community?
What do you call a potato with one oar?
Why did the scarecrow earn a promotion?
Where did Jessica go after the explosion?
What are the two biggest lies when working for a large corporation?
Why did the mathematician get pulled over?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
What comes in pints?
How many PETA member does it take to change a lightbulb?
What was James Bond after he slept through an earthquake?
What do you call a baby born feet first?
What does a suicidal teenager do on the weekends?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How are black people similar to tornadoes?
Why does a tiger make such a good girlfriend?
Did you hear that the sine function left home?
did you hear about the psychic midget who escaped from prison?
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's house?
Why doesn't Marty McFly drink wine?
What did the shirt say to the pants zipper?
So did you hear about the Angry composer?
Student: Teacher, can I ask you a question?
How do you call playing games while it snows heavily?
What do you call a blonde standing on her head?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
What do you call the electronic process of making a sandwich?
Why did Dairy Queen get pregnant?
How good are Tesco's meatballs?
Where was France's military strategy developed?
Why does Helen Keller play piano one-handed?
What do you call a horny Egyptian king that ate at White Castle?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
How do you get an elephant on a train?
How do you always keep your shoes tied?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you get when you mix alcohol with literature?
Ever listen to the radio station WPMS?
Have you heard the me neither joke?
What are the effects of biggest brainwashing book in human history?
What do you do?
What happened to the chinese man who walked into a wall with a boner?
What is Brown and rhymes with Snoop?
The difference between a prostitute and drug dealer?
What's the difference between a Jew and a Muslim?
What did the jew say when he reached the concentration camp?
Why did the Walrus go to the Tupperware store?
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up on it's own?
Whats the difference between a park bench and an artist?
What happens when the lights go out in a Chinese restaurant?
DAE ever wonder if Andy would be disappointed in OP for not delivering?
What do you call someone who only gives back rubs to men?
Why can't you hear Django Freeman have sex?
(accidentally invented when heard words out of context) What kind of food did Hitler eat?
Wanna hear a joke?
How do you pick up a smokin' hot Jewish girl?
What happens when you cross the Atlantic Ocean with the Titanic?
what did the doctor say to the midget?
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed?
What did the gang-banger say when two houses fell on him?
Isn't it ironic that the favorite drink of Britain's homeless is called "Tennents"?
What's the difference between your child and your husband?
What did the Triceratops sit on?
What does Batman put in his drinks?
How do make a woman blind?
How do you kill a whole Circus at once?
What do you call ten sets of bagpipes at the bottom of the sea?
(My favorite joke)Who is best at apprehending criminals?
How do you win a small fortune in Las Vegas?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
What do Hitler and Terry Fox have in common?
What's a Scientologist's favourite piece of furniture in Rivendell?
What's yellow and black that makes you laugh?
What's the worst part about locking your keys in your car outside of an abortion clinic?
Dad can I?
How many Im not saying she's a slut But jokes are there?
What do you call it when a guy pees into a bowl after sex?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Why are pedophiles so annoying?
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie?
How many?
Why don't Jewish cannibals like eating Germans?
What do you call a planned organised rebellion gone wrong?
What do nine out of ten people agree on?
Have you ever heard a pterodactyl go to the bathroom?
A Jew wakes up with morning wood and runs right into a wall. What does he say?
What do you call a fat kid with 3 teeth and a lazy eye?
What did one tampon say to the other?
Why can't you trust a snowman?
Why doesn't the Mormon Church have a Tour De France team?
Did you hear about the dinner on the moon?
Did you hear the one about the agnostic dyslexic insomniac?
How does a guy prove he's tough?
Why did the snowman take his pants off?
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb?
How are your step mother and a 17 in the card game 21 similar?
Why should you never let a panda into a chemistry lab?
If you're an American in the living room what are you in the bathroom?
What's the difference between 6 inches and 12 inches?
What animal has two gray feet and two brown feet?
What do sex and air have in common?
Did you hear about the women who got wooden breast implants?
How do you steal a coat?
Did you know there is a town in Pennsylvania with the same same as one of the Great Lakes?
Why do most men like women with big boobs and tight pussies?
Why do black people only have nightmares?
Do you know how to make Notre Dame style eggs?
Whats the difference between in-laws and outlaws?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
Why didn't the pirate get into the movie?
Do you speak sign language?
Why does it take 100 mink to make a fur coat?
Why don't the blind bungee jump?
What Bird?
What's the difference between a bag of dead babies and a mercedes?
What do you do when you see a space man?
Hey guys! I need help with coming some jokes about real estate. Does anyone have any good, clean and appropriate jokes?
What do you call a cheese that isn't yours?
What did one leper say to another?
How do you kill a blonde?
Whats that smell?
What do you call a bunch of rabbits walking backwards?
What do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you?
What is the difference between British beer and a pussy?
Why couldn't the blonde make icecubes?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why can't you trust an atom?
What kind of pants does Mario wear?
If today's weather were a fashion line, which would it be?
Why did the student do their multiplication problems on the floor?
What did the racist ask Santa for?
How did you die?
What's long, brown, and sticky?
What starts with e, ends with e, and has one letter in it?
what is it called when a redditor has a threesome?
Excuse me, do you like graves?
Who gets the most ass in college?
What do you call a vietnamese turkey?
Ever made love under a mirrored ceiling?
How do you separate the Greek men from the Greek boys?
Spoof three way call???
Why is imgur down?
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
what does an italian eat when he's mad at his boss ?
Why didn't the coffee and the tea get along?
Did you hear about the man with five penises?
What did Jesus say to the Mexicans?
What is the needless meat to a vagina?
What do you call a special needs kid who is late for class?
What is a mexicans favourite tv show?
What happened to the blind circumsizer?
What's something that the inventor doesn't want, the buyer doesn't use, and the user doesn't know about it?
What does Monsieur Homer say after spilling water on himself?
Was Hitler's favorite number 8?
What's the most positive thing in Harlem?
Did you hear the one about the mother who called all her 10 sons Anthony?
What do you call the hair between grandma's breasts?
What is E.T. short for?
Why are gay guys with big dicks the first ones picked at the bar?
What do you tell a jew to shut up?
Hey grandson, what's the name of that german man who makes me go crazy?
What is black & blue and definitely not up for sex?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
Why did the african child die while choking on rice?
Did you hear about the shoe factory that was destroyed?
What do you call a red-head that works at a bakery?
How do you tell if someone is vegan or not?
Why do Redditors pay with exact change?
How many Polish people does it take to be pallbearers at a funeral?
What do yu get when you cross a Jew?
How did Christopher Columbus find India?
What kind of pants do Mario and Luigi wear?
What's the shortest book ever written?
What comes after the third car?
What's the difference between a nun and a woman in the bathtub?
What do you call a really, really quiet piece of meat?
What is a math teacher's favorite kind of toilet paper?
What's the worst thing for a cannibal to say to a friend?
What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW?
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
Why did the guy kick the broom out of his house?
How do you circumcise a redneck?
Why do dogs lick themselves?
Wondering when Oceans 14 is coming out?
What do Scrooge McDuck and dragons have in common?
What happens to Nitrogen when the sun rises?
Did you hear they're planting in a million trees throughout Harlem?
Hey, want to hear a Top Gear joke?
Why was most of Jesus' walk downtown very awkward?
What's better than having sex with a 9 year old Vietnamese boy?
Have you seen the clown at Walmart that hides from gay people?
What is WILL.I.AM going to be called after he dies?
What's the worst thing that could happen to an r/joke/ subscriber?
How much do Rabbi's charge for their circumcisions?
Why did Susie fall of the swing set?
Why don't Africans go on cruises?
In a lesbian relationship who makes the sandwich?
What's the difference between a chicken and a pussy?
What do you call a dark wizard that loves to give hickeys?
How do you confuse an asian?
Why would Koreans make great jazz musicians?
Why do they call it GOLF?
When does Eminem leave school?
What do you call a mail order bride from Thailand?
What is a downies favourite song?
How do you make a woman blind?
What do you call a bear that's not drunk?
How many mice does it take to screw in a light-bulb?
How many babies does it take to paint a wall?
Did you hear about the guy who was caught hiding illegal immigrants in Prague?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
What's the difference between a steampunk bike and a regular bike?
Why do you never tease a fat girl with lisp?
How do you say Tony Romo in Spanish?
What's the difference between a church bell & a church?
What happened when a whore house caught on fire?
Can you take a bath if you have diarrhea?
what kind of bees make milk?
Why did Princess Leia cry at the end of Return of the Jedi?
What did Santa get the day after Christmas?
How are a 9-volt battery and a girl's asshole similar?
How do you make a woman orgasm?
Why don't blind people skydive?
What do you call a worthless priest?
What's the difference between a church bell & a politician?
What's the best thing about having sex with Twenty Five year olds?
How can you tell if you have a high sperm count ?
How did the Pianist play without fingers?
What's the difference between broccoli and a booger ?
What did the gay cow say just before sex?
Why did the French chef commit suicide?
What's red and smells like blue paint?
Why did the teacher put the Butcher in time-out?
What do you get when you mix a Native American and an Irishman?
Why do the French make omelettes with only one egg?
Why don't cannibals eat clowns?
Why did Moby Dick join a heavy metal band?
What does a near sighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common?
How many IT people does it take to change a light bulb?
what part of the alphabet is the wettest?
Have you heard about Gandhi?
What did the left bum check say to the right bum check?
Did you hear the one about the baby with AIDS?
Why don't any pirates live in Kansas?
What is it called when an Ethiopian takes a shit?
Why does a woman smile when walking down the aisle?
What is Santa's favorite band?
What do you call a plane on a secret mission?
What gets better with age?
Did you hear about the sexually promiscuous deaf person?
Want to hear the one about potassium?
Who seduces all the ladies at the swimming pool?
What's green and smells like pork?
Do you know the difference between pink and purple?
Why are a German vegetarians pessimists?
Did you hear about the Aggie that moved to Oklahoma?
What's the difference between light and hard?
What would Michael Jackson be doing if he were alive right now?
how did the gamete get rich?
Why was the hipster wearing a sweater in July?
How can you tell when a woman has an orgasm?
Why did the computer overheat?
Did you guys hear about the kidnapping?
What does the Pope dip his chips in?
Why did the cowboy sleep with his saddle?
What did the candle say when it couldn't sleep due to his own candlelight?
Why do kangaroos hate rainy days?
What do you call a lesbian with fat fingers?
What's the best part about dating 26 year olds?
What do you call a blonde that dyes her hair brown?
Wanna hear a joke about my penis?
How many kids with ADD does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why do cowgirls have bow-legs?
Why did the Stormtrooper buy an iPhone?
Where did Napoleon keep his armies?
What are the advantages of living in Switzerland?
What's blue and not heavy?
What do a baby and a pancake have in common?
What did the watch say when the necklace, earrings, purse and ring killed the shoes?
Who's the most famous chair tester?
Wanna hear a pizza joke?
What did the termite eat for dinner?
what do you call a mexican who lost his car?
Why are Russians such bad pilots?
What does a female preacher feed her newborn child?
What did the mushroom put in his bio for the online dating service?
What do Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common?
Did you hear about the 80 year old man who ran naked through the flower show?
Dancing?
What did the Frenchman yell on the roller coaster?
Why does Martin Luther King like jam?
Do you know what makes darks better than whites?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
Why can't you trust atoms?
How do you tell a chemist no?
What do monkeys drink in space?
How do you kill 100 flies?
How many reindeers does Santa Claus have?
How many sperm cells do virgins have at any given time?
What's the difference between a line of naked women and a magician?
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
I'm pretty white but I don't know any white people jokes. Got any?
What's the difference between a gay mustache and a straight mustache?
What's the difference between 100 dead babies and a Lamborghini?
Can you name all of Santa's reindeer?
What do bees use to do their hair?
Why is a day at the office the same as Christmas?
Two potatoes are standing on the street corner, which one is the prostitute?
Why do computer programmers confuse Christmas and Halloween?
Why did the bicycle fall over??
What do Michael Jackson and Santa have in common?
Why did the snowman have a smile on his face?
Where does Crazy Horse live?
Why did Sally fall off the swings?
My favorite Christmas joke: Why do Mexicans have tamale making parties on Christmas Eve?
Why do Mexicans re-fry beans?
How many Redditors does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why did the sperm cross the road?
Wanna hear a joke about the eleventh letter of the alphabet?
How do you spot Will Smith on a snowy Christmas morning?
How do you organize a space party?
Who's the best person to invite over for Christmas?
What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking?
What do you call a Chinese man with a pet cat?
What part of a vegetable is the most difficult to eat?
What did Santa say to the three prostitutes?
Why are there school shootings?
What's the difference between Santa Claus and Tiger Woods?
What do Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common?
Why are Microsoft circuit boards so bad?
How many members of the NRA does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why did the ant crawl up Princess Kate's stocking?
What's the difference between you and Bear Grylls?
What do 9 volt batteries and butt holes have in common?
What's the worst part about watching porn?
Why was the Berlin Wall torn down?
What do you say to a woman with two black eyes?
why didn't Maria go to prom?
Did you know the person who created Knock Knock jokes won a nobel peace prize?
Why do you put a baby into a blender feet-first?
Why do they call it PMS?
Why do the French stink?
How many NRA members does it take to change a light bulb?
Why does a jew watch pornography backwards?
What's the worst thing about being a black Jew?
What does a duck call a tractor?
What's angry, fluffy and destructive and gathers inside stringed instruments?
What do spinach and anal sex have in common?
How many NRA spokesmen does it take to change a lightbulb?
What did the Jewish child molester say to the kid?
What's black, wears a bandana and ends the world?
Did your world end today?
Has anyone else's world ended yet?
Why didn't Santa's father get a ticket for speeding in the sleigh?
Why do midgets not wear tampons?
Why are Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse having a divorce?
Why did the rancher get out of the hemp-fed beef market?
Have you heard about the corduroy pillow?
Did you hear about the cannibal who passed his brother in the woods one day?
What's the hardest part to eat on a vegetable?
How do epileptics greet people?
Why is Jesus so bad at hockey?
How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What is Snoopy's favorite Japanese dish?
Cheesy Christmas Jokes?
Have you heard the one about the butter?
Why don't midgets ever get accepted into nudist colonies?
What do a walrus and a ziploc bag have in common?
Why does the French Army install Rear-view mirrors in their Tanks?
Where do babies come from?
Who is the most popular guy at a nudist colony?
What sound does a racist machine gun make?
Student: What is the chance we are alone in the universe?
Have you heard about the record-setting farmer...?
Are you from Iraq?
Hear about the 2 Mexican firemen?
What do you call a gay Jewish and Chinese couple?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
What did Helen Keller say after being handed a cheese grater?
Why are trains so energetic?
what sex position produces the ugliest babies?
What do you call a sheep with no legs?
How do you eat an Indian taco?
What did the Catholic baker say after baking the Easter Eucharist?
What does an angry pepper do?
What is a mexican's favorite sport?
What did the mobster call it when he couldn't move his dead friend's body?
Why doesn't Santa have any kids?
What is Bruce Lee's beverage of choice?
What did Eminem say when 50cent gave him a sweater?
Can I borrow ten dollars?
What do you call a stock market crash in Japan?
What did batman say to Robin before they got in the Batmobile?
What does a 9-Volt battery and an asshole have in common?
What did the polite gay man say to the other man when he left the bar?
whats the difference between me and the bible?
What does Batman put in his beverages?
what does a man with a 9" cock eat for breakfast?
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster shucker and a hooker with dysentery?
What has 9 arms and sucks?
What's green slimy and smells like bacon?
Whats the difference between me and a calendar?
What's a narcoleptics favorite game?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
What are two reasons it's so hard to solve a redneck murder?
What did the water say to the boat?
what's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer?
Whats the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts?
Which country has the cheapest prostitutes?
How do you kill a thousand flies at once?
Why are bachelors thin, and married men fat?
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Hummer?
Why did Helen Keller's dog kill itself?
What do you call it when a brunette dyes her hair blonde?
Why are there no mexican in the olympics?
What did the green grape say to the purple grape?
What do you get if you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter?
Why did you cut me down, lumberjack?
What happened when the shoe factory burned down?
Did you know unicorns exist?
What did the dolphin say when he got in trouble?
What body of water is used for writing?
Did you guys hear about the circus fire?
How do you start a rave in Africa?
What do you call a white girl with a yeast infection?
Why is Santa's sack so big?
Can I ask you something?
How do you stop an Italian from talking?
What comes between fear and sex?
What did the salt say to the pepper?
What do you call an impatient skin infection?
Why shouldn't white people swim?
What do men and public toilets have in common?
What's a Mexican's favorite candy bar?
What's the difference between The Rolling Stones and a scottish shepard?
Why do lesbians shop at Sports Authority?
Why do Mexicans walk around school like they own the place?
What's the difference between a cunt punch and fisting?
What do you get when you cross an iPad with a Christmas Tree?
What did the Jewish boy get for Christmas?
How many frat boys does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
How did they get John McAfee out of Guatemala?
Did you hear about the redditor who had a girlfriend?
What did O say to Q?
what do you call a black man that flies an airplane?
Why does the can crusher hate his job?
What did the melon tell her boyfriend when he proposed?
Why did Tim Tebow's mom protest against the Russian soup truck?
What do women and parking spots have in common?
Why did the hipster burn his mustache on his coffee?
What did the sergeant say to the corporal?
What is the difference between a horse and a cabbage?
Why don't Mexicans cross the border in groups?
What do frogs do when they are depressed?
What do you get when you kiss a bird?
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb??
Why did Florence Welch sing 'Sweet Nothing'?
What's Snoop Dogg's favourite chocolate bar?
What machine should I use at the gym to impress girls?
What time did Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon?
Did you know it's now politically incorrect to say 'black paint'?
What do gay horses eat?
What is brown and rhymes with snoop?
What's the difference between a blowjob and pizza?
What job did the farmer give to his learning-disabled child?
Why do hippies have sex at music festivals?
What did one saggy boob say to the other?
Why do Jews have big noses?
Did you hear about the atom that was caught stealing electrons?
Whats the difference between pink and purple???
Do you give head to strangers?
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
What's r/jokes' favorite joke site?
Why can Owls turn there head 270 degrees?
What do you get when you mix a penis and a potato?
Do they have rehabilitation services for people who are addicted to Kaopectate?
What do pennies and fat chicks have in common?
Why do American tourists talk so loudly?
How do deaf people tell each other secrets ?
Joke from my jazz history class: You are stuck on an island with Hitler, Stalin, and Kenny G. You have a gun, but you only have two bullets. What do you do?
Do people with a foot fetish get off when their car gets towed?
What do you call a black guy who flies a plain?
What was the weather like at the rap concert?
Why shouldn't you date a tennis player?
Did you hear about new product out from Tampax?
What do all dogs get with their phones?
What gets harder as you beat it?
How much do pirates pay for earrings?
Why couldn't the skeleton add 1 + 1?
How long does it take to for Mexicans to do a job?
why are black people fast?
Q. What did the banana say to the vibrator?
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, dyslexic, and an agnostic?
Whats yellow and lives off dead beatles?
Did you hear about the baby born with no eyelids?
What's yellow and flys through walls?
Why don't orphans play baseball?
What do you call an aligator in a vest?
What's the difference between Ice Age 4 and Batman The Dark Knight?
Where do people from Laos like to swim?
How do you fit an elephant into a Safeway bag?
Why was Mohamed Ali born a fighter?
How do you know you're not logged into reddit?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How much does a hipster weigh?
did you hear about the cannibal in school?
How do you fix a broken Tuba?
Why do terds taper at the end?
How do you say doormat in Spanish?
Why did the bishop love Walmart?
What does a doctor say to the new father of a stillborn child?
Why do breasts have nipples?
Whats faster than a speeding bullet?
What do you call a teacher that doesn't fart in public?
What did the tampon say to the other tampon?
What is the meanest practical joke one can pull on a blind person?
What did batman say to robin?
What's the difference between a woman and a video game?
Remember the guy who lost his left side?
What is my favorite rhetorical question?
What did Chris Brown say to Rihanna the first time he saw her?
What was it called when the dragon from The Hobbit was thrown out a window?
What does a bully say to someone with severe depression?
Where did the King keep his armies?
Why was the cell phone wearing glasses?
Why is a pizza delivery guy like a gynecologist?
Why don't girls have beards?
Have you ever wondered whether it is your dog or your wife who is your real friend?
Sexxist much?
How does Moses make tea?
What type of shoes to pedophiles wear?
How do you get a baby to stop choking?
How did hitler tie his shoes?
How many programmers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's the difference between Jesus and a prostitute?
How can you get 20 jews into a VW Beetle?
How did Timmy dodge the oncoming car?
What did Ryu say to Ken?
Why did the priest dislike geometry?
Have you heard about Henry the brown-nosed reindeer?
What do you call a mexican baptism?
If Spooning leads to Forking, what does Knifing lead to?
Ever see the movie human centipede?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What's the iPhone's favorite football team?
What do you call a magnet that can go both ways?
What do the Post Office and a shoe store have in common?
You know how dolphins rape a lot?
Why do dinosaurs use Christian dating sites?
What do you call a missing psychic midget?
What do you call a cow that's had an abortion?
What's the #1 cause of pedophilia?
What did one tampon say to the other tampon?
How can you tell your sister is on her period?
What sits at the bottom of the ocean and shakes?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
What do you call a "to-go" dish ordered from German-Italian restaurant?
Why have all the immigrants left?
What is 34.5?
What kind of amphibian is in charge of the salad bar?
Why did the belt get arrested?
What do you call a turtle with an erection?
How many children with ADHD does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What does a whore call a bus load of men?
What do you call an organised rebellion with twice as many people as usual?
Do you smoke?
Want to hear two short jokes and a long joke?
What is it called when the gynecologist slanders your grandfather?
Do you know why I stopped playing Uno with my Mexican friends?
Why did the monkey put a bone in his mouth?
How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What happened to the Asian man who walked into a wall with a boner?
Why do chicken coops have 2 doors?
What's worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm?
You know what I don't get?
Why did Jesus lose his Halo?
What's the difference between your mother and a Mallard with a cold?
What's the difference between a baseball and a fat girls pussy?
What is long, hard, and has cum in it?
What does the zero say to the eight?
What did the Middle Eastern dictator say after he had lunch?
What happens when you put the energizer bunny's battery's in backwards?
How did Jesus feel when they crucified him?
What do you get when you cross a mountain and a desert?
How do you get to Shepherds Bush?
What do you call a German dust storm?
Why couldn't the Lesbian Jew hook up during passover?
What was the oak's favorite subject?
Why were there only 3,000 Mexicans at The Alamo?
What defies the law of gravity?
How do you get a one armed man out of a tree?
Why did the scarecrow win a Nobel prize?
Why did the lesbian go to Sports Authority?
Wanna hear a joke?
What do you call a cow who has just had an abortion?
What do you call an Irish snake in Lord of the Rings?
What's the difference between a meteor and a meteorite?
What is the difference between jelly and jam?
What do you call a gay guy in a sleeping bag?
What do you call a guy with a big orange nose?
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor?
How does Professor Charles Xavier Apologise?
Whats the difference between Caesar and Casanova?
Which chord do pedophiles like the most?
What did the architect say about the rack?
What's brown and sticky?
What's faster than a black guy running down the street with your T.V?
What's the difference between water falling from the sky and hamburgers falling from the sky?
What's red and smells like blue paint?
Why did the chicken commit suicide?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
What do you call a stoned pig?
You seem to like blonde jokes around here. Here is my favorite: Why did the blonde have such a terribly bruised belly button?
How do you throw a party in Nigeria?
Why did the bald guy cut a hole in his pocket?
How do you know if your girlfriend is getting fat?
What do you call a depressed clementine on a late night walk?
Why do people smile in Africa?
Why'd the kid drop his ice cream cone?
What does a british man say when he's about to climax?
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?
What's green and has wheels?
Want to hear the shortest joke in the world?
Why are waiters terrible pornstars?
What's the difference between a catfish and a lawyer?
What's white, plastic, and not suitable for ages 5 and under?
What did the Jew say at the Football game?
What's sad about three black guys driving over a cliff in a Cadillac?
What does Batman like in his drinks?
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snow plow?
What do you call a Muslim cowboy?
What do you get when combine a penis and a potato???
What do you call a midget psychic who just escaped from prison?
Whats worse than finding a worm in your apple?
Have you heard the one about the midget fortune teller that robbed a McDonalds?
Did you hear about the robot that was angrier than half of the other robots?
What do you get when you mix a broccoli and a melon?
Who's Angry in Japan?
What size clothes do fortune tellers wear?
Why did princess Diana cross the road?
What's got 40 balls and fucks ducks?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
What does a nosy pepper do?
What did the late arriving cannibal receive at the dinner party?
Why did Mary and Joseph's WIFI get hacked?
What has 5 balls and rapes the poor?
What do physics majors do when they hit the club?
What do you call an anorexic girl with a yeast infection?
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scotsman?
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex?
How do you catch a unique rabbit?
What did the cannibal who was late to the dinner party get?
What are some funny offensive jokes?
How do you make a cat sounds like a dog?
Best time to watch German rape porn?
What is the best tool for getting a handle on your gambling addiction?
Why are Catholics the worst drivers?
What's the difference between a politician and an actor?
What's a Ninja Turtle's favorite equation?
How many Frenchmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why was the snake soft?
What did the lizard get at home depot?
How does a black woman fight crime?
What does Santa and his elves listen to in their Christmas workshop?
Did you hear about the new Kanye track? Its the one about the lesbians riding three wheeled bicycles on a naturally occuring water dam?
Why was the electron mad?
What's the difference between Hitler and Ronald McDonald?
Why the java programmer wear glasses?
What do you do when you are riding on the back of a zebra, right next to a camel, and a lion won't stop chasing you?
How can you tell if your girlfriend is getting fat?
Did you hear about the two peanuts walking down the street?
Why can't R2D2 walk?
How do you make a woman drive in a circle?
Why do black people have white hands?
Benefits of hairspray, who knew?
What do you say when you fart on an elevator?
How did the constipated mathematician solve his problem?
Why did the man with 5 dicks take his pants to the tailor?
What does a dyslexic agnostic insomniac do?
What was Confucius' favorite comfort food?
Need to write some current event jokes for a show, need help! Whatcha got, reddit?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
what did the zero say to the eight?
Did you hear about the two antennas that got married?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What does a death row inmate get after their last meal?
What's a Sikh's favourite kind of joke?
Did you hear about the man who was born without any ears?
What do you call James Bond in the bathtub?
What's the difference between an alpaca and your Mom?
What's a Rabbi's favourite drink?
What grows when you squeeze it, explodes if you rub it too hard, and children love it?
Why was the baby Honeydew sad?
Stupid joke I made up, 101: Where does a sandwich go when it gets good grades?
What is 007's fetish?
What does every "Tickle Me Elmo" get before they leave the factory?
What did the rock say when he had to leave his girlfriend for a long time?
What diapers should you put on a dead baby?
What is Call of Duty called in Afghanistan?
Why aren't there any Walmarts in Afganistan?
What's the other word for a pedophile with a large hat?
Why did the one handed man cross the road?
What should you never give to a Jewish person as a present?
What is your most favorite vagina joke?
What's the difference between a black man and a park bench?
Is Hell exothermic (gives off heat) or Endothermic (absorbs heat)?
How do you see fish semen?
Whats the difference between a watermelon and a baby?
What's another name for a dictator?
What do you get when you cut a hooker in half with a chainsaw?
What's green and flies over Germany ?
What's the difference between my porn stash and Call of Duty?
Did you hear about the Jewish pedophile?
Why'd the apple jump in the grinder?
Who are you?!?
Why shouldn't white people go swimming?
What does Jerry Jones do after winning the Super Bowl?
What do you get when you cross a seal and a polar bear?
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
What do you call a baby girl who died of alcohol poisoning?
What kind of triangle jokes can never be made right?
How was your thanksgiving?
What do Beethoven's 9th and a dead baby have in common?
Whats the difference between a woman and a dog?
How many guitar players does it take to change a light bulb?
Why do jews have big noses?
What is the worst place to go on Black Friday?
Why can't two Asians make a Caucasian?
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral?
How did the swordsman keep annoying r/jokes?
What does a woman say after three consecutive orgasms?
Have you heard the one about the constipated mathematician?
Why the dwarves surf in the kitchen?
Is mingerbread the opposite of stud muffin?
What's the difference between the Rockettes and a troop of acrobats?
What did Santa say when he went to a brothel?
How did the swordsman annoy r/jokes?
What's a cokeheads favorite TV show?
How many moths does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How do you keep a Turkey in suspense?
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion?
what do you get when you mix 9th grade literature with alcohol?
What do you call a masturbating cow?
Whats the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
What breaks when u give it to a toddler?
How do you mail an egg?
What's harder than nailing a dead baby to a tree?
Why didn't the other viruses hang out with The Common Cold?
What did one Spanish speaking white supremacist say to the other Spanish speaking white supremacist after eating a piece of delicious cake?
How do you circumcise a redneck?
How do you know if you have a high sperm count?
What did Mary give her cheating husband for Christmas?
What is the worst way to find out you just came into money?
Why was Lisa not able to ride a bike?
Do you know why Dead Baby jokes never get old?
What do you call a Mexican that won't get on a scale?
What's a dead baby's favorite holiday beverage?
Did you hear about the Buddhist that refused Novocaine during his root canal?
What two things should people stop shaking because shaking hurts these things development?
Did you hear about the midget psychic who escaped from prison?
What do you call Jewish folk from New Jersey?
Who would you save first?
What did the baker say when he saw the beautiful woman?
What is brown and rhymes with snoop?
Why does nobody like the element Bi?
Did you hear about the frog that wasn't good at parking?
How do you get a redneck to give a dog a blowjob?
What do you call a dog with no legs and metal balls?
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle?
When two gay men get married, whose parents pay for the wedding?
What's the best thing about 23 year olds?
What did the black kid get on his SATs?
Have you ever tried Ethiopian food?
What's the difference between Bono and God?
Have any of you realized that the self checkout has the sexiest cashier's?
What is the difference between an Eskimo and a eunuch?
What did the dick say to the condom?
Did you hear about the man with no arms or legs that swam the English channel?
When is a single gay man's favorite time of the day?
What do you call a man, with no arms or legs, in the middle of the ocean?
How do you turn a Fox into an Elephant?
Did you hear about the condom that flew across the bedroom?
/r/jokes, I have a belief that EVERYTHING bad or upsetting can be improved with humor. Do you have any chemotherapy jokes for me?
What's the difference between a racist joke and a sexist joke?
Why doesnt justin bieber shop at Sports Authority?
What did the redneck say after his girlfriend swallowed?
What do you call it when many people drown in Berlin?
Who was the fattest Renaissance painter?
What did the hamburger name his daughter?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
What does a sick ninja practice?
What's the worst part about eating vegetables?
What's long and hard?
How do you get 50 Canadians out of the swimming pool?
What does a dyslexic tiger and a bus driver have in common?
What's good on pie, but not on pussy?
What happened to the clock that was still hungry?
Why is there no aspirin in the jungle?
Who granted the fish's wish?
Why shouldn't you put a baby in the microwave?
What do you call an exploding ape?
What's the difference between sex and conversation?
Did you hear what happened after an Iranian mullah walked head-first into an airplane propeller?
Whats the difference between Batman and a Blackman?
Why did the blonde have bruises around her belly button?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
What is Hitler's least favorite beverage?
How do you make an octopus laugh?
Why do you take toilet paper to the twilight zone?
What do you call a table with dots all over it?
What do transvestites do at Christmas?
What's the difference between a school teacher and a train?
What's blue and smells like red paint?
What's the worst part about being a black Jew?
Why does Waldo wear stripes?
Why is Light Beer like sex in a canoe?
What is the saddest thing in you're life?
What does spinach and butt sex have in common?
What is the worlds wettest animal?
Did you hear that the BBC have sacked Bob the Builder?
What's the difference between a feminist and a doormat?
What's the hardest part about eating your vegetables?
How much does a hipster weigh?
Chief, is it going to be cold this Winter?
How can you tell if a Mexican is feeling sad?
How did the mathmatician become unconstipated?
Why was 11 afraid of 12?
My favorite joke: How many Americans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you get when you cross a Jew with two planks of wood?
How did the hipster burn their lips?
What do Alan Turing and a well-mixed solution have in common?
Why did Hitler kill himself?
What's the difference between three dicks, and the truth?
My girlfriend just asked me.. What's an English geologist's favourite fruit?
What did one volcano say to the other?
whats black on top and white on the bottom?
why was the computer late to work?
What kind of underwear does a math-obsessed mermaid wear?
What kind of computer sings?
What kind of underwear do the GI Joes wear?
What happened when the turkey got into a fight?
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose?
Did you guys see that documentary about the voice of Elmo?
What's black and white, and red all over. And cant fit through a revolving door?
What do you call a Mexican baptism?
Why was ε afraid of ζ?
Why is Michael J. Fox better than a vibrator?
Why doesn't Santa have any children?
Reddit, will you share your favorite inside joke with me?
What kind of pants does Mario wear?
What do you call a nun on a bicycle?
What do you call a Jew with the pH level of 1?
Want to hear a joke about paper pizza?
What do you call a bunch of high Mexicans?
Why do mushmelons always have traditional marriages?
How do farmers find their sheep in tall grass?
Did you know drinking beer makes you smart?
why dont women drive?
What's the difference between a crab with boobs and a bus filled with old people?
What do you call assistants that help citrus fruit?
How do you get Lady Gaga attention?
Have you heard about the Italian chef?
What did the tailor say after a job well done?
How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb?
Why do women have sex?
Why does the Coast Guard have a 6 foot height requirement?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
What's a simile?
Did you hear about the man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray?
What's the best part about dating a homeless girl?
What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer?
What's the difference between a hooker and a lawer?
What's the worst punchline on /r/jokes?
What do you get when you mix Nyquil and MiraLAX?
How many knees could a negro grow if a negro could grow knees?
Why is six afraid of seven?
What do you call a skinny Pakistani cow?
What do you call a Female Clown?
How contagious?
What do you call someone who pushes people down stairs?
Why did the lion get lost?
What do you call a big pile of kittens?
How come Justin Bieber doesn't like to shop at Sports Authority?
What is the difference between christianity and national socialism?
What does a 9 volt battery, and a pretty girls bumhole have in common?
Where do the Baltimore Ravens sit?
What do you call it when a psychic midget escapes from prison?
What happened when the black man went to night school?
Why is being in the military like having sex?
What do you get when you cross a Jew?
What did the two lesbian vampires say to each other?
How many beans are in Irish bean soup?
What do you call a ghost in the Outback?
Whats Fred Flintstones favorite drug?
What have women and condoms got in common?
What do you call a Mexican who lost his car?
What game do you play in a room full of Indians?
How do you capture a polar bear?
What is the best thing about dating a homeless girl?
What do you call a black man who flies airplanes?
What's the definition of a 68?
Why cant obama ever be on a dollar bill?
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What does a frenchman call a lesiban threesome?
What's the similarity between eating a girl out and talking to the mafia?
What do hippies say when you tell them to get off your couch?
What is Mozart doing right now?
Why did Princess Diana cross the road?
Why do you never hear a Pterodactyl go to the bathroom?
What's the difference between a politician and a catfish?
Read out loud jokes?
What is a duck's favorite drug?
What's the grossest number?
What's the difference between a group of crafty midgets and a jogging club comprised exclusively of women?
What did the black kid get on his SAT's?
What do you with a crazy girl knocking on your door?
Why do gay barbecues suck?
Why didn't the racist eat the middle of his sunny-side up egg?
Why did the hooker get a vagina implanted on her hip?
Why did the little mermaid wear seashells?
What's red and black and screaming all over?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth when he was eating a slice of pizza?
Can I have some orange juice?
What kind of pants do the Mario Brothers wear?
Why did the creator of 9gag call it that?
Did you know our brains are 75% fat?
What do a walrus and tupperware have in common?
What's green and smells like pork?
What does a dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac do?
What did one saggy boob say to the other?
Whats the difference between a shower and a toilet?
What do tight pants and a cheap hotel have in common?
Why did the semen cross the road?
What's the difference between anal and a refrigerator?
Stealing my little brother's (fellow Redditor) original joke, hope he sees it and is pissed. What do you get when you cross a pig and a Christmas tree...?
What did Sandy say when she came to New York?
How is Mitt Romney like a failed sperm?
What's the difference between jam and marmalade?
Why are camels called the ships of the desert?
What's cooler than Obama?
What do you call an Inbred cow?
What does a perverted frog say ?
What's green and lays in a ditch while covered in cookie crumbs?
What did the Ghost say to the Bee?
Have you heard men get hit by lightning 6x more often than women?
Why did God create men ?
What's the lightest thing in the world?
Why is the sea so strong?
If a quiz is quizzicle, then what is a test?
Topical! What does a Japanese man do when there's an erection?
What did the tomato say to the cheese in court?
Joke from my childhood: What do you call a pig that losses its voice?
Cake day post: What's orange and sounds like a parrot?
What do you call a blind buck?
What do you call 3 Irish tree surgeons?
What do you say when a virgin sneezes?
You know what they say about guys with big feet?
Did you hear that Castro's body double retired?
Why are there so few female politicians?
What do four out of five guys love to do?
What's a specimen?
What did one triangle say to the other triangle?
New subreddit r/oneliners?
What do cats eat on a hot summer day?
what does a frozen beer, burnt pizza, and pregnant girl all have in common?
Did you hear they are still going to run the New York Marathon?
What is a sorority girl's favorite type of cheese?
What is the difference between a BMW and a baby carriage?
What did the hot dog say on the toilet?
What's more fun than swinging a dead baby by a string?
What's the best part about a hooker dying on you?
Why did the storm trooper get an iPhone?
What do you call a room full of Amish prostitutes?
What do you call a Pakistani man who's been everywhere and done everything??
Why do mice have such small balls?
Did you hear about this year's newest fad diet coming out of New York and New Jersey?
What am I?
How do you find a blind man at a nudist beach?
Reddit, what's a joke you ABSOLUTELY HATE but everyone else seems to love?
What did the ground say to the earthquake?
What do you get when you cross a killerwhale and a cow?
This one came to me this morning - How do you spot a necrophiliac at a funeral?
what is a calculators favorite food?
Why was the motorcycle going so slow?
What does Bob Marley put on his toast?
What's black and blue and hates sex?
What did the lesbian lumberjill say to her girlfriend?
Sadly, very few people get this joke: "A termite walks into a bar and asks 'Is the bar tender here?'" -What's your favorite joke that no one gets?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
What did the terminally-ill dock worker say about his health care?
Why did the condom fly across the room?
What's the first thing a Navy wife does when she wakes up in the morning?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
Did you hear about the competition for the world's best Tie?
What do you get when you cross a penis with a potato?
What cheese do hunters use to goad a bear out from its cave in the winter?
How does Moses make his tea?
What is a pirate's favorite class in school?
What am I?
Why did the toast drop his ice-cream?
Why does snoop dog need an umbrella?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
Where does the army keep fish?
Did you hear what sandy did to New Jersey?
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie?
Why do Marxists only drink herbal tea?
Have you heard the new drink called Sandy?
How do chickens connect online?
What do you call a fake pasta?
A specimen, you ask?
Didja hear the joke about the piece of paper ripped in half?
How do you keep a moron in suspense?
Hear About the Restaurant on the Moon?
What is the boogiemans favorite dance move?
What's it called when Batman ditches church?
What is a drug addicts favorite snack?
Why did the Russian man get food poisoning?
Why do gangsters hold their pistols sideways?
What do you get when you cross a rooster with a telephone pole?
How do you make a dog drink?
What do you call a fake noodle?
How did Charles Darwin die?
What's the difference between a hockey team and a New Jersey hooker?
Hey, Reddit! Here's one about cats: why did the mother cat move her kittens?
Guess what New york is going as for Halloween?
How do you organise a space party?
What's the difference between a Genealogist and a Gynocologist?
What do you call 5 lesbians and 5 state workers?
Why do redneck men enjoy Halloween so much?
Why do French people eat no more than 1 egg per meal?
How do you know if air fresheners have gotten too smart?
Do you know why the government is important?
What do hillbillies do on Halloween?
Blonde + Computer = ?
What do you call a Russian with three testicles?
What do you get if you cross Bambi and a ghost?
What do you say when you wake in the middle of the night and see your TV floating in the air?
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume?
Why are peppers irritating?
What do you call a small bull?
Why can't ghosts have babies?
What do hillbillies do on Halloween?
What is Politics?
Why was the cotton candy singing?
What's the Difference between Beer Nuts and Deer Nuts?
Why does a chicken coop have two doors?
Can you cover for me?
Why do melons always have traditional weddings?
How many dubstep fans does it take to wash a car?
how many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's made of leather and sounds like a sneeze?
How do you know an engineer is an extrovert?
Why does Peter Parker have a shower in his apartment?
What does a church shooting sound like?
What animal has an asshole on its back?
What was Hitler's favourite song?
Why are a lot of Italians named Tony?
What do dyslexic sysadmins eat for breakfast?
Need an ark?
Don't you hate when you are reading a sentence and it doesn't end how you testicles?
What do mathematicians do when they are constipated?
What do you get when you move 32 Texans into the same room?
What time does an Asian go to the dentist?
How did the pollock die raking leaves?
Why did the hipster fail chemistry?
What do you get when you divide the circumference of a jack-o-lantern by its diameter?
Why are there no joke about Jonestown?
What do fat girls and bricks have in common?
Why does the hipster make crappy coffee?
How many vampires does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why is sorority row the safest place to be during a zombie invasion?
Why don't witches have babies?
How do you fit 4 gays on one barstool?
Why was Yoda afraid of 7?
What do Jimmy Saville's victims and Aston Villa fans have in common?
Q: How do you make a woman angry and sick at the same time?
What does a 72 year old snatch taste like?
What do you call a horny skeleton?
What did the booger say to the finger?
Do I Know You?
What did A and B look for at the beach?
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the Batmobile?
How do black people make fruit salad?
Did you hear about the Native American who drank 1000 glasses of tea?
(really fucked up joke) How do you say happiness in German?
What is the difference between jam and jelly?
Why did the Muslim cross the road?
What has seven arms and sucks?
Figured this is an appropriate time to tell this. What is an Undertaker's favorite element?
What is Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable?
Want to hear a joke about a jump rope?
What kind of bees produce milk?
What did one casket say to the other?
What is Irish and sits on the porch?
Why can't ghosts have babies?
Did you hear about the fish that married the duck?
Nerd Joke: What's the difference between UDP and an epileptic?
What are a redneck's last words?
What's the darkest joke you know?
How do you know when a guy is really in love with his girlfriend?
What's the worst place to run in to your ex girlfriend?
How do lesbians keep things interesting in the bedroom?
What's the best time of this month for vampires?
Want To Hear A Knock Knock Joke?
Why are ET's eyes so big?
What do you call a food that turns black people on?
What's green and hangs from trees?
Why is it called PMS'ing?
how did the hipster burn his tongue?
What do you call a camel with no humps?
What did the black kid get for christmas?
What would it take to reunite the Beatles?
How did the prof get the latin college girl pregnant?
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg?
Why did the duck cross the playground?
Are you an elixir?
Do you know what would happen if the Pope showed up randomly to a Catholic service?
What has two thumbs and doesn't understand jokes that require a visual component?
What Are The Two Most Important Orifices' On A Woman?
What does DNA stand for?
What are Mitt Romney's favorite shoes?
What did the DNA say to the RNA?
How do you make a blind moan?
Why does Barack Obama eat bananas?
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic?
How does Hitler tie his shoes?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why does it suck to be a black Jew?
What do i look like?
What do you make with an Avogadro?
127 MILLION?
Want to hear a clean joke? How about a dirty one as well?
So can we do something together?
Reddit is down?
Want to hear a sports joke?
How does a mom in West Virginia know her daughter is on her period?
What do you call a pall-bearer in Oklahoma?
How many PMSing women does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many lawyers does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why is it a bad idea to wear tiny shorts on a Ukranian holiday?
Why don't blind people go sky diving?
Who cooks in a lesbian relationship?
What did the dad buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
What's the difference between a porcupine and a police car?
How do you find Will Smith when he's lost in the snow?
What did one condom say to the other at a gay bar?
Are there any 6 foot penguins round here?
Why do Canadians call alcohol anonymous triple A?
Did you hear about the new Obama Healthcare Burrito?
What's the difference between anal sex and regular sex?
What's the definition of Embarrassing?
What's a wolf's favorite breakfast food?
What's a gangsta say when a house falls on him?
Why do indie kids suck at karate?
What's green, slimy, and smells like bacon?
What are the most racist jokes you know?
How many paranoids does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Reddit, what is your favorite Limerick?
Why was the little ink blot so unhappy?
Why do witches go commando when riding around on their brooms?
What did the mommy broom say to the baby broom?
How can you make seven even?
What's strong enough for a man but made for a woman?
What do gay horses eat?
What do you call a dog with no hind legs and balls of steel?
What would a world without women feel like?
Why do Asians have such small tits?
What did the man in the "Race for a Cure" say to the three people beside him?
What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler?
why do pedophiles make good employers?
What do you call a dinosaur who joins the band The Clash?
What kind of bear dissolves in water?
What is grosser that gross?
What's the difference between a vitamin and a hormone?
Why can't you put the punchline in the title?
Why do hunters make good lovers?
What do you call a corn farmer who wakes up one morning to find that complex branching pathways have been cut into his field?
Why don't blind people skydive?
What's the best part about living in Indiana?
Working title for the new Tyler Perry movie?
When did Anakin's Jedi Master know he was turning to the dark side?
What do you call a very nosy spice?
Why Did The One Handed Man Cross The Road?
Why aren't there any walmarts in Afghanistan?
Who here likes pickles?
If you drop a brown bear and a white bear into a lake, which one dissolves first?
Why did the Dollar note become 4 Quarters?
what do you call a bunch of white people running down a hill?
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Casper?
What did the lawyer name his daughter?
What was the name of the time traveler with good timing?
Your wife is knocking at the back door to come inside and your dog is barking at the front. Which one do you let in the house first?
What do you call a jewish bodybuilder?
How do you know when the king of Egypt is horny?
How can you tell when a lawyer is lying?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
Where can you find baby dwarfs?
Why did the Jew cross the road?
What did the beaver say when his house burned down?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
Why did the blonde girl get fired from the M&M factory?
What do you call a stoned, dyslexic crow?
What do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench?
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
How many non-compliant Germans does it take to change a light bulb?
what's the difference between a my girlfriend and a voice activated sink?
What do you call a puppy on its period in the peak of summer?
What does a redneck and yeast have in common?
How many Syrians does it take to launch a missle?
How do you catch defish?
What's a programmer's least favorite wind instrument?
At what point does a Lamb become a Sheep?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
How do you keep an idiot busy for 3500 years?
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe?
What do you call a bear with no teeth?
What did one ocean say to the other ocean?
Hey Southpaw, going to lunch?
What's the difference between Swine flu and Avian flu?
Do you know why only half of the women on earth will experience a real orgasm during their lifetime?
Have you heard the one about the baby with AIDS?
What does marriage have in common with a deck of cards?
Which hole?
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall?
Why does the easter bunny hide all the eggs?
How does Moses make his tea?
What is it called when a duck kills another duck?
What do ping pong players and my dominatrix have in common?
Why do cows wear bells?
Did you hear about the suspect who was released from jail after he touched grounded metal and received a static shock?
Did you all hear Jerry Sandusky is getting a custom ipod touch?
What did the CIA dogs say when they supsected they were being followed?
Why couldn't the man be bothered to look at the origami mountains?
Whats the difference between Jesus and Mexicans?
What is a polygon?
You know what makes me smile?
What do you call the child of two parents with downs syndrome?
What did the dinosaur say after the car crash?
What does a lawyer wear to work?
Did you hear about the testicular cancer survivor who won the lottery?
How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
Wanna hear a pizza joke?
Why do the ladies love Jesus?
Did you hear about the tight end who went to prison?
how often do i beat my wife?
What do you call it when a statistician secretly gives out clothes?
Where's the best place to explore?
Why has Santa Claus such a big sack?
What are you going to do for a face?
What's the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels?
What's the difference between a bull and an orchestra?
Isn't that some shit!?
Why is it called the "funny bone" when you hit your elbow on something and it tingles?
Why did the Mexican throw his wife into the river?
What do you say to the teenage mutant ninja turtle Raphael when he is holding a miniature version of his weapons?
What happens when you put the batteries in backwards in an Energizer Bunny?
What is 6.9?
Okay R/Jokes, what's your rawest most brutal joke?
How can you tell when Mitt Romney is lying?
Why do black people have white palms?
What are you if you aren't European?
Whats the difference between a pun, and a fart?
What kind of fish would you want to go to bed with?
Why couldn't the two testes be friends?
What's invisible and smells like carrots?
Did you hear about the nurse who swallowed razor blade?
Why don't Barbie and Ken have kids?
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb?
Why do black people where baggy pants?
Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill?
Did you hear about the guy who blew his entire lottery winnings on a limousine?
How do you tell if you're at a gay barbecue?
What do you call a Sailor's hitch in the arctic?
Why does LeVar Burton not like to travel by airplane?
What's the difference between sand and menstrual blood?
What do you call someone who has one parent that is a Jew?
Why couldn't the Meteor marry the Ice Comet?
What do you call a deer without eyes?
How often do Chinese people have elections?
what do you call a black guy that flies airplanes?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why does a squirrel swim on its back?
Did you hear about the guy who needed to snort a line of baking soda every day?
What's dark, and usually involved in crime?
how do you catch a unique bunny?
Why did the stoplight turn red?
What do Margaret Thatcher and Jimmy Saville have in common ?
What did the egg say to the water?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do you call a pig making cookies?
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster-shucker and a hooker with diarrhea?
What do you call a well rounded, very intelligent gay man?
What do Hutterites do on Halloween?
How can you tell if a person's a vegan?
How do Mexicans cut their pizza?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Has anyone heard this one? I think I came up with it in a dream?
What do you call a bee in the garage?
What do you call it when a crow throws a party and no one shows up?
Do you know why WWII got the world out of The Great Depression?
Did you hear about the wooden horse?
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's new piano?
What's yellow and lies in a pond?
What do you call a asian and a black guy??
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
What's the difference between light and hard?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
Why can you not play UNO with mexicans?
What do fat white chicks and bricks have in common?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
What's the difference between an outlaw and an in- law?
When is it time to bury the baby that you killed?
What do blind people think of a basketball?
Wanna hear two short jokes and a long joke?
What kind of line gets thicker and thinner at the same time?
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
How does Justin Bieber remove a condom?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How many kids with ADD does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Who Loves Debates?
Why did the hipster burn his tongue?
How you compliment an Italian cheese maker?
That wasn't very punny now was it?
What does DNA stand for?
Whats the difference between a woman and a computer?
Why did the molecular biologist want to make a porno film of gametes?
What did Helen Keller say when she jumped off a cliff?
What did Helen Keller say when she won the lottery?
What do you get hanging from apple trees?
How is liver like anal sex?
Why did the chef take a job at a soup kitchen?
What does a walrus and tupperware have in common?
Is the bakery hiring?
What's brown and rhymes with 'Snoop'?
How many art directors does it take to change a lightbulb?
What kind of dance does your mother do?
How do you kill a hipster?
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl when it goes to the toilet?
What does the dentist of the year get?
What's similar between a racehorse and a leaky faucet?
How is your first car like anal?
[WARNING: RACIST JOKE] What do you call a jew with a gasmask?
What's orange and sounds like a parrot?
What did the recent KKK hit-and-run victim order at Starbucks?
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy?
Why do they call them 'jews'?
What do a fag and a parrot have in common?
How are women and tornadoes alike?
Whats the most racist thing to buy at target?
What do they tell people who flunk out of astronaut academy?
What do you call a symphony of whales?
What did the straight edge ghost say to the bartender?
You know what I love about being bipolar?
What did the army of starving cannibals say when they walked into an abortion clinic in mexico?
What does Snoop Lion do when he forgets to wear oven mitts?
What are the bumps around a girls nipples?
What do you call a fake noodle?
Why do Java developers wear glasses?
How do you know if your roommate is gay?
What's today's date?
What is Politics?
What did the router say to the doctor?
What do you call a semi truck with it's load half empty?
What's a crackhead with no drugs?
How many sociologists does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call a cow that has given birth?
Marry a virgin?
What do they leave on your pillow at a bordello in Dijon, France?
Did you know Helen Keller had a dollhouse?
What bounces and makes little children cry?
What's a pirate's favourite letter?
What do you call a fruit that makes fun of someone?
How many surrealist painters does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why did Helen Keller masturbate with one hand?
How many ants does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call twin policemen?
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
what do you call a racist tampon?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon?
What did the cannibal ask for at the cruiseline buffet?
What's the difference between a Women's cross country team and midget geniuses?
You want what?
What is the difference between a football player and a new pimp?
How many Police officers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call a slutty camera?
You know what they say about people with big brains, right?
What's the difference between Obama supporters and Romney supporters?
What do you get when you give a head of lettuce to an epileptic?
What sport are Mexicans best at?
What did the bartender say when oxygen, hydrogen, sulfur, sodium, and phosphorous walked into his bar?
What's the definition of vagina?
Did you guys hear about the gay truckers?
What is Tony Romo's favorite lottery game?
What do you call a large bread disco?
Why do women fake orgasms?
Why isn't energy made of atoms?
How many men does it take to open a beer?
How do you get your wife to listen to every word without interrupting?
What's invisible and smells like carrots?
What do you call a cow's mate?
What's Brown and rhymes with "snoop"?
Remember those days when using "protection" meant wearing your helmet?
Why do southern girls get pregnant so much more than northern girls?
What does a Seal drink at a bar?
What do you call a lesbian with fat fingers?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
How many babies does it take to paint a wall?
What do you call a blonde on a college campus?
What's the difference between Batman and a black man?
What did the Middle Eastern dictator say after he had lunch?
How do you know when sex with a blonde is over?
What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer?
How do you make a cat sound like a dog?
What's the second fastest thing in the world?
Why did the Irishman wear two condoms?
How many women with PMS does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How does Romney only claim a 14% tax rate?
How do you know if a guy has an asian wife?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why are you dancing?
George, are you high?
What do you call a cow that plays with itself?
Did you guys hear that the hadron accelerator exploded?
Have you guys heard the story about the butter?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
What is the president's favorite vegetable?
Have you guys heard about the new restaurant on the moon?
Why did Princess Dianna cross the road?
What came first?
What does an elephant use for a tampon?
What do you get when you breed a rabbit with an elephant?
What does a dog do that you step in?
What do you call a leper in a hot tub?
How do you figure out if Will Smith committed a crime?
How do you tell a real Ferrari from a fake one?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
Whats the best thing you get out of a penis?
What's Resurrection?
What did the music thief do in college?
What kind of shoes does a pedophile wear?
What did the hat say to the tie?
What part of a vegetable is the hardest to eat?
why does everyone want the new white iphone?
Best joke you came up with yourself?
What do Super Mario Brothers, and relationships have in common?
How do you get a one armed man out of a tree?
How many NYPD officers does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why are gay guys the first to check out of a hotel in the morning?
What is Aladdin's favorite Pokemon?
What do you call a blonde standing on her hands?
Where did the Gingerbread man lose his leg?
What do you call a bus full of lawyers driving off a cliff?
What's the difference between a pussy and a cunt?
What's the worlds strongest animal?
What did the Mexican say when two houses fell on him?
what do elephants use as a tampons?
What Do You Get From A Pampered Cow?
Why can't two Asians make their own Caucasian babes?
What's the difference between a slut and a bitch?
What kind of shoes do they wear in Holland?
Hey, are you Jewish?
Did you know that there is an elephant at Bush Gardens?
what do you call gay paramedics?
You know what's grosser than gross?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
Why did OJ Simpson want to move to Alabama?
Why did the mouse whisper into the elephant's ear?
Why are men smarter during sex?
Why do businesses move to India?
How do you make apple jelly?
Why was no at the Premature Ejaculaters' support group when I arrived?
What's the best way to milk a sheep?
What is the name of the Asian pointing out everyones mistakes?
What's the difference between Jam and Jelly?
Which medical specialty is dedicated to fingering your bum?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe?
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway bag?
What's a vampire bat's favorite fruit?
Did you hear about the cannibal who dumped his girlfriend?
What does one strawberry say to the other?
What happened to the butterfly that ate too much marble?
So why is it called the "funny bone"?
what did the fish say when he ran into the wall?
What did one passive aggressive republican say to the passive aggressive democrat?
How do you fit three gay guys on a bar stool?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
What color were Hitler's shits?
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie?
META - We all believe in free speech, but anyone else think this sub's sidebar is completely unprofessional?
(Very blue/dirty) What's the difference between regular blood and period blood?
What did Tennessee?
What kind of pennies come from Japan?
What kinds of guns do T-Rex's prefer?
What's black and married to my daughter?
How do you circumcise a priest?
Has there ever been a bad joke about a priest?
Why do black people have red eyes after sexual intercourse?
So, its blasphemy you want? Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed?
Why do the ladies love Jesus?
What do you get when you mix a Jehovah's Witness with an Atheist?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Why did Jesus die on the cross?
Why are black people so tall?
Did you hear about the Muslim Party?
Did you hear about the Irish man who tried to blow up a bus?
How many drummers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call two Filipino pilots?
Joke: Where did AT&T get their 2007 slogan?
What did the baby corn say?
Why did the Pollock cross the road?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
What does a news anchor say during sex?
What is the most common death among square dancers?
Did you hear about the old chameleon that couldn't change color?
What do you call the process of becoming an honorary Asian?
Why is light beer like having sex in a canoe?
How do you make a plumber cry?
Why doesn't Mexico have a team in the summer Olympics?
What thought can you easily share with someone else without using words?
How many saiyans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What song do they play at a Jehovah's witness funeral?
Did you hear about the guy who got his whole left side cut off?
Why Does Jesus suck at hockey?
What do you call an Asian lady with a Mixmaster on her head?
Have you guys heard about the new internet milk?
Have you heard that Eskimos eat whale meat and blubber?
Where do you find a no-legged dog?
What martial art do cows practice?
Why does the little mermaid wear seashells?
How does the man on the moon cut his hair?
How does Moses make his tea?
Did you year about the chinese male prostitute?
Why didn't Helen Keller scream when she fell off the cliff?
What do you call a Chinese man with one foot?
What do you call a dog with no legs in the ocean?
What's the most dangerous place in an Excel file?
What do you call a gay Mexican?
Why was the sand wet?
Why do all the little boys in Crete have golden penis's?
Why is it bad for blind people to skydive?
Friend asked me a personal question: Do I ever stick it in my girlfriend's... you know... her other hole?
How do you know if someone went to Harvard?
What's the difference in the KKK and the Supreme Court?
How does an Irishman's future look like?
Did you hear about the plane that crashed on the way to the ginger convention?
How many hamsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What has four legs and two assholes?
Why was Helen Keller such a bad driver??
Did you hear about the Indian who drank 4 gallons of tea?
I have a dollar bill pressed between my chin and my chest.....who am i?
why do the ladies love jesus?
Why are divorces so damn expensive?
How did the 5-year old girl fall off of the tire swing?
Why did little Sally fall off the swing?
What's the main cause for pedophilia?
Euphemism?
where did alice go during the explosion?
What is the best gift to give a gay geneticist?
What language does gay Jesus speak?
What's the easiest way to pay a musician?
What do you call innocent women and children dying in the middle east?
What's the difference between a cat and a comma?
Did ye hear about the movie that the pirate went to see?
What did the kid with no arms and legs get for christmas?
Why is sperm white?
How many hippies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why are Australians never late for work?
What do you call a fake noodle?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane?
How many downies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
Did you hear about the rivalry between the ice cream shops in Texas and Mexico?
what's the difference between a pitbull and a jewish broad?
Why did the condom cross the road?
What do you call a fish with two knees?
What's the best thing about a poet in a prison?
how does every racist joke start?
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple..?
There are 4 black guys in a rectangular room. They divide evenly into the 4 corners. How many men are in each corner?
Whats red and smells like blue paint?
What is a wock?
What is the summit of trust?
TOO LATE?
What did the wind turbine say to Al Gore?
what did the egg say to the boiling water?
What do michael jackson and Mcdonald's have in common?
How many sheep?
Free RV?
What does having sex with a hooker and bungee jumping have in common?
*Racism* What do you have lots of?
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb?
Why don't sea-gulls fly over bays?
How about some old phone pranks?
Did you hear about the psychic midget who escaped police custody?
What do you call a lesbian with 1,000 semi-automatic guns?
What happens if you play a country song backward?
What kind of tea does a house drink?
What is the difference between homeless and vodka?
How many monastic women does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many unemployed actors does it take to change a light bulb?
how many apples does it take to make a pie?
What's the worlds most forceful fig?
What does the highest paid WNBA player make?
What's the fastest game in the world?
Q: How do you get an elephant in the refrigerator?
What's the best way to make your wife scream when you're having sex?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
Why did princess Diana cross the road?
What did Jeffrey Dahmer sing as he went to the refrigerator?
How can you tell when you're in a ring of fire?
What do you call two lesbians floating down a river in a canoe?
What's mostly red and has 2 legs?
What does a Polish woman and a hockey team have in common?
Why did the Mexican school girl get pregnant?
When is it acceptable to not tip your server?
Why couldn't the blind man go skydiving?
Anyone know how long you can keep a chicken in the freezer?
why did the toilet paper roll down the hill?
What did the mathematician do at the baseball game?
Have you heard about the Tempura Shelter they are opening downtown?
Why do scuba-divers go in backwards?
How do you make a dog meow?
Did you hear the one about the gay man on the patch?
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
What does FUN stand for?
Whats worse than finding a worm in your apple?
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb?
if two tanker trucks collide at an intersection, one is carrying water, the other is carrying vinegar, what sound do they make?
What do you do with an epileptic lettuce?
What is the similarity between tornadoes and divorces in Kentucky?
What do 9 out of 10 people agree on?
What did the hobo get for Christmas?
What do you call a cow with one udder?
What's green and smells like red paint?
What's the hardest part of eating a vegetable?
Where did Napoleon keep his armies?
When is a door not a door?
What did the body builder say when he saw he was out of protein powder?
How do u tell the population of a small native village?
Who was Bin Laden's favorite rapper?
What did the field say to the farmer with no crops?
Whats blue and doesn't weigh much?
Laughter is the Best Medicine. OK Reddit, whats the best 9/11 Joke You've Ever Heard?
Where can you find a scientist that's into bestiality?
Did you hear about the polar bear on the news last night?
Did you hear about the support group for people who talk too much?
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11?
Wait, what was my line again??
What does a hairstylist call their resumé?
How can you tell you're at a gay cookout?
Why didn't the bunny get the job as a marsupial?
Why can't the blonde get her drivers license?
Who are the fastest readers in the world?
why did the ghost crash his ghost car?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
A Tiger ?
What did the poor ghetto dweller get for Christmas?
What do you get when you cross a mexican, a queer, and an eskimo?
Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have any children?
What do you call it when you build a second portal on minecraft?
Does anyone know any jokes about buttons?
Why doesn't Sean Connery have any grown up children?
What did the letter " O " say to the letter " Q " ?
In honor of September 19th, what are your best pirate jokes?
What did the leper tell the prostitute?
Why should a midget not attempt to slaughter a cow?
How much does a hipster weigh?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why do married men love golf so much?
Why did the robot get the electric chair?
What's the difference between a BMW and a pair of Dockers?
What do you call a cow that's had an abortion?
Why do they allow people in wheelchairs to bring carry-ons onto a plane?
What is the difference between a Mercedes and a Lexus?
What do the Iron Man suit and Sarah Palin have in common?
Have you heard the joke about the girl with Progeria?
What's the difference between iron-man and iron woman?
What did little Hitler get for his birthday?
Anyone have any Russian and/or Joesph Stalin jokes?
Did you hear about the butterfly that ate too many stones?
Did you hear the one about the pilot who backed into the propeller?
Why is Robert Pattison so pale?
You think it's gonna rain?
How long does it take a tweaker to go shopping?
How could I ever live without you?
How many crackheads does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Whats the best thing about being a meth addict?
How do you know if there's an athiest on a reddit thread?
Which way do 5 gay guys move?
How many cops does it take to beat up a light bulb?
What do you call a female cop that shaves her vag?
Why is it so cheap to buy 12 rhombuses?
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb?
Did you hear about the community pool they built in the bronx?
Did you guys hear about the award winning farmer?
How do you make holy water?
Why did the marine park worker feel aimless?
What do you call a pig that murders baseball players?
Have you ever smelled moth balls?
What did the ghost say to the bee?
You know who loves to get fisted?
Did you guys hear about the gay midget?
Did you hear about the war between the blondes and the brunettes?
What do Dracula's girlfriend and Mike Tyson have in common?
Why Make Your Bed?
What do you call a half gay man?
What's brown and sticky?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Guys, what are your favorite "I'm going to hell for this" jokes?
What's the difference between Futurama and One Direction?
What's the most positive thing about Harlem?
How do al-Qaeda like their toast?
Why do the Scots wear kilts?
What do you call 1 black guy being stalked by 200 white guys?
What's the core body temperature of a Tauntaun?
Since we're talking about Michael Jackson--- What did the guy say to MJ at the beach?
What happened to the two ants who got into a fight on a toilet seat?
did you hear what the little boy found when he opened his toy box?
Is it true there is an 'underground' organization supporting Mitt Romney?
Why is it important to have plenty of help when changing a light bulb?
How can you tell the Indians were here in America first?
What did one tampon say to another tampon?
When does a Cub Scout become a Boy Scout?
Why can't Michael Jackson play chess?
Why is CoD like women?
What do you get if you cross a kangaroo and an elephant?
What's another name for a Dentists?
What is the speed limit of sex?
my moms birth sign is cancer the crab..want to know how she passed?
What to do?
What has nine arms and sucks?
What helps put a Jew to sleep?
What do cops and mushrooms have in common?
What is the main attraction at a Nazi Theme park?
What's the first thing a 16 yr old, from Arkansas, says after sex?
How do you know you're getting old?
Why don't blondes wear mini skirts in San Francisco?
How do you remember your wife's birthday?
Why do tampons have strings?
How do you tell the difference between a terrorist and a tenured professor?
What's the difference between PMS and a terrorist?
What's funnier than a dead baby?
Heard this on NPR- Did you hear about the guy who got the left side of his body cut off?
Why can't Michael J. Fox draw a perfect circle?
What do you get when you cross a duck and a cat?
What do you call a Nazi who survived the war?
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long?
What's a Christian's favourite chord progression?
What do you say to a woman with one black eye?
Have you heard about the new viagra eye drops?
What are some jokes along the lines of "the elevator business has its ups and downs"?
What's the difference between a computer and a woman?
What is the difference between erotic and kinky?
How did the Hipster burn his tongue?
What do you call a greedy lesbian?
What do you call a black guy that flies a plane?
What is the difference between an anal thermometer and an oral thermometer?
Why are brides so happy on their wedding days?
What's the difference between a bowling ball and a big, smelly vagina?
What does a Jewish Princess think about during sex?
What do a dog and a near-sighted gynecologist have in common?
Whats invisible and smells like carrots?
How many Swedes does it take to clean a men's bathroom?
What do you call a Mexican who has his Mondeo stolen?
How does Lady Gaga like her meat?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
What's 13 inches long, stiff, and makes a woman scream all night long?
How do you get a gay man to fuck a woman?
Whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
What do you call an Irish J-Pop singer?
what do you call an italian whore?
What do sea monsters like to eat?
What's the bet part about having sex with twenty two year olds?
How many grammar mistakes does it take to piss off your English teacher?
What do Lewinsky, Monroe, and Reddit have in common?
What do American beer and sex on a boat have in common?
What did the hipster say when a starbucks opened in his neighborhood?
How many lead guitarists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did Berlusconi go to the Costa Concordia?
Whats the difference between a wank and an egg?
What do blacks and bikes have in common?
What Does A Redneck Call It When He Visits His Cousin Outside His Town?
How do you know your girlfriend is getting fat?
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the difference between a dead baby and a sandwich?
What do you call two gay guys in a sleeping bag?
What did one stoplight say to the other stoplight?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Why do elephants paint their balls red?
What does the Chicago Cubs's name stand for?
What is brown and sits in a toilet in a dutch attic?
Why does Reddit hate Fencing?
What's the difference between a Jew and a Muslim?
How do you embarrass an archaeologist?
What do a tampon and a redsox season ticket holder have in common?
Why is Bon Jovi's bed always messy?
You know what my favorite type of cupholder is?
what did one tampon say to the other?
What’s the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scottish farmer?
What do you call a battle of wordplay?
What do you call a woman in the living room?
Did you hear about the guitarist that got arrested?
Did you hear about the gay Irish couple?
Why should honeymoons only last six days?
What's the difference between my job and a dead hooker?
Why are Rhinoceroses so wrinkly?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
Do homosexuals fly?
What do you call a kid with no arms and an eyepatch?
why does it take so long for a pirate to learn the alphabet?
What's harder than nailing a baby to a tree?
Why are the mountains in Switzerland called "the Alps"?
How many animals can you fit into a pair of pantyhose?
why did the pervert cross the road?
What did the fish say when it swam into a concrete wall?
What are Mario's overalls made out of?
What did the Mexican say with one sleeve rolled up and one sleeve not?
What did the lesbian vampire say to her girlfriend?
What did the retarded kid get on his IQ test?
Why shouldn't you laugh when a black man falls off his bike?
What type of lettuce do they serve on the titanic?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
What happens when the President dies?
What did the penis say to the condom?
What did the bra say to the hat?
What did the detective say when he tripped over a pretzel left by the perp?
What's the most annoying thing in the internet?
What did the food say to the other food, while inside a stomach?
What did Adam say to Eve?
Why are women dressed white on their wedding day?
Why did Skrillex's girlfriend dump him?
Knock knock. Who's there?
How can you tell if a Redditor is a female?
What do you call a warm glass of piss in the forest?
What do you call a rabbit with a bent dick?
Three tampons walk into a bar, a kotex, a playtex, and a tampax. Which one says hello first?
Did you hear about the butcher who backed up into a meat grinder?
What is the most popular breakfast at the World Trade Center?
Why does the Catholic Church protect paedophiles?
How can transportation be improved in Harlem??
Why did the man get excited when he had sex with a pregnant woman?
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
What did the Seven Dwarfs say when the prince woke up Snow White?
What did Dodi Fayed say to his driver?
What should you do if you come across a tiger in the jungle?
Why did Princess Diana cross the road?
What do you call Nazis undergoing decomposition?
Did you hear about the guy who spilled beer on the stove?
What does Batman's mum shout when it's time for dinner?
How many babies does it take to paint a wall?
What did the necktie say to the hat?
You know that amazing feeling you get after kissing a woman?
Where Is God?
When do you stop on green and go on red?
What should you do when you see a spaceman?
Why don't Junior League debutantes like group sex?
Son :How much does it cost to get married, Dad?
What do you call a rabbit with fleas?
Who is the biggest slut in America?
What do you call oral sex with a paraplegic girl?
How do you get a Twinkie pregnant?
how can you tell you whenyou're in a ring of fire?
What is a horse's favourite wine?
Why can't accountants get library cards?
How do you make a whore moan?
What's the difference between the bird flu and the the swine flu?
Did you hear about the slow chef at the speed bake off?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
What's the difference between Justin Bieber and a birth certificate?
What do you call 40 mexicans standing in your yard holding hands?
What do you get when you cross a dyslexic, an atheist, an insomniac?
Why was the Jedi so good at the synthesizer?
what's the worst part about eating vegetables?
How do you make five pounds of fat look good?
Why did the broken window not go to the doctor?
Whats grosser then gross?
What did the blind man say when he passed the fish market?
Where does the king keep his armies?
Why did the baker go to work?
What do you call a deer with no eyes?
What's a 68 to a blonde?
What type of bees produce milk?
Four gay men walk into a bar and there's only one available stool. What do they do?
Anyone else hear the new Whitney Houston song they just released?
What is the fastest way to exit a car on the highway?
Did you hear about the gay football coach?
How do you say "bra" in german?
What's black and screams?
What do you do with 365 used condoms?
where does a one legged waitress work?
What do you call the girls who outrun me?
Want to hear a construction joke?
What's the difference between Stanley Yelnats and the rest of the kids in Holes?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
How did Pinocchio realize he was made of wood?
Why are there fences around cemeteries?
What did the gay deer say after leaving the club?
What do you call a cow that just gave birth?
Why did Sally fall off the swing?
What's meaner than a pitbull with herpes?
What do you call a cow that gives no milk?
how many Frenchmen does it take to properly defend Frances borders?
What do you call a black man who dies of heat exhaustion and a white guy that dies of a brain aneurysm?
What did the chinese pirate say?
what do you do with someone that is having a seizure in a bathtub?
Did you hear about the blind guy who got in a car accident?
First man: what is the most commonly used French expression?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
What do fat chicks and mopeds have in common?
What do you call an epileptic cow?
How do you make an archaeologist mad?
What can you make and break at the same time?
What do fat chicks and mopeds have in common?
What do you call an epileptic cow?
How do you make an archaeologist mad?
What can you make and break at the same time?
How many dubstep fans does it take to change a lightbulb?
How can you lose around 10 pounds of ugly fat?
Why did the Mexican man push his wife off the cliff?
Why do blind people not skydive?
What to you call epileptic lettuce?
What does Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt Sr. have in common?
What was the pig doing in the kitchen?
Whats a Porn Stars Favorite Drink?
Why aren't there any mexicans in the Olympics?
What did one tampon say to the other tampon?
(OC) what did dispatch say to the dog catcher when he asked if he was done for the day?
What did 1 lesbian bullfrog say to the other lesbian bullfrog?
What goes "Clippity Clop Bang Bang, Clippity Clop Bang Bang"?
what does cellphone reception and princess diana have in common?
Why did the walrus go to the Tupperware party?
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What does a radical, democrat and republican have in common?
Who makes more money - a drug dealer or a prostitute?
What's the difference between anal sex and an oven?
How does a boy dog rape a girl dog?
What's the difference between a sin and a shame?
What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea?
What does a 80 yr old woman taste like?
How many people does it take to circumcise a Whale?
What did Orion receive when he won second place in the archery contest?
Why does Bane and a monk get along well in the morning?
How many rednecks does it take to eat a possum?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
what was Stevie Wonders first words when he got his eyesight back?
What's long and hard and full of seamen?
Why wouldn't you teach a woman how to ski?
What's the difference between Boy Scouts and Jews?
How does it change many dyslexics to take a lightbulb?
How many feminists does it take to screw in lightbulb?
What do you call a Mexican guy with one rubber toe?
Did you hear the joke about the deaf guy?
What do mermaids wear to math class?
How do you make a plumber sad?
What do you call a gaping hole in your chest that smells like fish?
So did you guys hear that princess Diana was on the radio last week?
r/Jokes Do you know any jokes told in the first person?
how'd he know it was me?
What's the best part about fucking 28 year olds?
What happens once a minute, twice a moment, but never in an eternity?
Q: What's the good part about having alzheimer's?
Blind jokes?
How do you make a dog meow?
What do the pizza delivery guy and the gynecologist have in common?
what do you call a jamaican proctologist?
Why do mermaids wear seashells for bras?
Why did Hitler commit suicide?
How did Jennifer Aniston find her fiancee?
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe?
How do you circumcise a priest?
Tastes like chicken?
A young boy asks his Dad :"What is the difference between confident and confidential?
What's the difference between a microwave and butt fucking?
Why don't you hire a violinist as your babysitter?
Why do java developers always wear eyeglasses?
Wanna hear a joke about cats?
What does a farsighted gynecologist have in common with a puppy dog?
What do you call a one legged woman?
Why did the dead baby cross the road?
What do you call a belt made of paper?
Do you know what they say about guys who have big feet?
How do you make a dog meow?
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer?
Warning, offensive. Why was Hitler so concerned about getting into heaven?
How do you congratulate the guy who won the best tie contest?
Wanna hear a joke about a broken pencil?
What did one muffin say to the other muffin?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
Why do redditors hate the robot NASA sent to Mars?
How do you make a cat woof?
What should you take for stomach pain?
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire?
Why do traffic lights turn red?
Have you heard about that new movie Constipation?
How does the Apothecary make his wife orgasm?
Who cooks in a lesbian relationship?
How do make a car top?
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and vagina?
What do you call a nut?
Why do Chicken Coops have two doors?
Why don't many Greek men move to other countries?
What do you call a Frenchman shoving a baguette up your butt?
What class does everyone remember fondly from Highschool?
Why did black people pick so much cotton?
What does a gay women look for in a man?
What's brown and rhymes with "snoop"?
What is the saddest Olympic sport to watch?
Why did black people pick so much cotton?
What does a gay women look for in a man?
What's brown and rhymes with "snoop"?
What is the saddest Olympic sport to watch?
What is your favorite dumb joke?
Why don't you transport onions by boat?
What do you get when you eat all the potatoes?
what do you call a rodent that smokes weed?
How was copper wire invented???
What's the difference between a kitten and your wife?
Did you hear the one they don't tell retards?
What's the difference between a cat and a comma?
What is the difference between a chorus line and a circus?
What's the worst part about Tupac's new sitcom?
Did you hear about the Million Dollar Dutch Lottery?
What did the hat say to the belt?
Whats the easiest way to drown a blonde?
What's the difference between a dog?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
What sexual position creates the ugliest kids?
Can Someone explain this Joke to me?
What does a lonely pepper do?
Can Someone explain this Joke to me?
What does a lonely pepper do?
What kind of skin lotion do acrobats use?
What can be found in a Judge's freezer?
Where would you find an Egyptian psychopathic swimmer?
What did the farmer say when the townspeople told him all of his cows were in town..?
What do you call a man who is attracted to black guys?
How does a rice burner start a street race?
How many frat guys does it take to change a light bulb?
What is Green...and Smells Like Pork?
What did the suspenders say to the trousers?
What do you call a fly with no wings?
Why can't Skrillex go fishing?
How many women does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call?
what do you call a gay dinosaur?
What's the difference between a tease, a love, and a lust?
what is green and has wheels?
How do you make an archaeologist blush?
You hear what happened to the frog's car?
Ever heard the one about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac?
Anyone there?
Did you here the one about the midget that finally admitted he was gay?
Why did the guy have Ben Franklin tattooed on his dick?
What's the difference between a violin and a viola?
Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes?
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane?
Why didn't the melons get married?
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbult?
What do you call a dog who digs up ancient artifacts?
What, according to Freud, comes between fear and sex?
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino?
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane?
Why didn't the melons get married?
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbult?
What do you call a dog who digs up ancient artifacts?
What, according to Freud, comes between fear and sex?
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino?
Hey, have you heard about the new Micheal Bay film?
Why did the paedophilic bestialist not answer his name?
Why are Jewish men circumcised?
Why does the number 288 not come up in polite conversation?
What's black and white and red all over?
Why don't Nazi's like strip clubs?
What denomination are the coins in Super Mario Bros?
What did the deaf Canadian say to the American that was talking?
How many dyslexics does it screw to take in a lightbulb?
What is Black, White and Red all over?
Why couldn't the tampon twins get dates?
Why do dogs lick their balls?
What do you call a nun that works for your company?
Why do slovaks don't like Czechs?
What's the biggest advantage of living in Switzerland?
How is a vagina like a cigarette?
What does Jerry Sandusky and a Silver Medalist have in common?
How do you sink a polish ship?
What's gray and comes in quarts?
What's the difference between a woman and a computer?
How many Jewish mothers does it take to change a light-bulb?
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mine shaft?
What do you call the Flintstones if they're black?
How many SEO experts does it take to change a lightbulb?
How come ambassadors never get sick?
Why did the cookie visit the doctor?
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection?
Why should you be sure to pay your exorcist on time?
Were you drunk last night?
What did Goku want to be when he was growing up?
What did the fish say when he swam into a wall?
How many Sand People does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the difference between a four year old and a baggie of cocaine?
What's the difference between a midget and a venereal disease?
What's the difference between a midget and a venereal disease?
Why did Sally fall off the swingset?
What does a pretentious owl say?
What do you get when you cross a gay man and a Jew?
Offensive jokes?
Why should you wrap your hamster in duct tape?
Did you hear about the hippy that drowned at the beach?
What's 12 inches long and makes women scream at night?
What do you call an Anorexic with a yeast infection?
How can you tell that a shrimp with a big dick was walking down the beach?
Did you hear about the new Playboy magazine for married men?
why don't robot chickens play basketball?
Came up with a somewhat original dead child joke today. How is a ten year old different from a pizza?
What's the difference between going into a sewer system and the government buildings?
Why do astronomers put beef in their shampoo?
What’s yellow and lives off dead beetles?
How do you know which bear to talk to in a bar?
Why does the little mermaid wear seashells?
Why do midgets laugh when they play soccer?
What's the difference between New Jersey girls and trash?
You know what's fucked up?
What's the difference between peanut-butter and jam ?
Did you hear about the fly on the toilet?
whats the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
Why did Moses lead the Jews around the desert for 40 years?
OMG Hiccups are so annoying! You know what you should do if you have them?
How do you know when your girlfriend is getting fat?
What did the princess say when she got to the ball?
Why doesn't Fleetwood Mac shave?
Why didn't the hipster want to see the Saint John River and the Penobscot River?
Why did the researcher take his paper to the harbour?
Want to hear a pizza joke?
How can you tell the difference between a Fleshlight and the porn star it was modeled after?
whats the diffrence between a tornado and a divorce in the south?
Who is this guy named Rorschach and why does he paint pictures of my parents fighting?
Whats th first joke you remember hearing or that you told as a kid?
What's a Jewish pedophiles favorite pick up line?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
What would you call The Flinstones if they were black?
Why do rapists make such great salesmen?
Why do white men shop at black yard sales?
What did the plate say to the other plate?
What do zombie vegans eat?
why aren't there Olympics in Mexico?
What do you do if you see your stepmother hobbling around in the backyard?
Please settle an argument regarding this joke: why is it funny?
What did the black guy get on his SATs?
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection?
How do you set a woman's watch?
Why don't Mexicans have BBQs?
Please settle an argument regarding this joke: why is it funny?
What did the black guy get on his SATs?
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection?
How do you set a woman's watch?
Why don't Mexicans have BBQs?
What do you do when you see a bloody Mexican in your garbage can?
How do you make a gay fuck a woman?
Spoken jokes anyone?
What's the worst thing about owning a dildo farm?
Did you hear the joke about the ageless baby?
What did Donald Duck say to the prostitute?
How do you make a gay fuck a woman?
Spoken jokes anyone?
What's the worst thing about owning a dildo farm?
Did you hear the joke about the ageless baby?
What did Donald Duck say to the prostitute?
What's the difference between a black man and a park bench?
What do Kodak film and John Lennon have in common?
What do you call 5 black guys and a white guy?
Why do black people cry during sex?
How many times does 1 go into 0?
What do you see when you drop a piano down a mineshaft?
if seagulls fly over the sea, what flies over the bay?
How do color blind people see porn?
What do you call a Russian man with three testicles?
What is the worst part of a prostitute and the best part of a pie?
Did you hear about the 80 pound midget with 40 pound balls?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
what's your best joke involving or being about germans?
what's your best joke involving or being about germans?
Did you hear about the two antennas that got married?
What has four legs and one arm?
What do you call a masturbating bull?
How does a tractor break up with its boyfriend?
How is Chick-Fil-A like a black hole?
What did the 0 say to the 8?
How many feminist does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why couldn't JFK be a boxer?
Why do dwarves laugh when they run?
From my 4 year old: What do you call a penguin that can't win?
How many black men does it take to screw in a light-bulb?
Did you hear that the French President is getting divorced?
Did you hear about the gay midget?
How would you try to sleep with a fat girl?
Why do women have periods?
How would you try to sleep with a fat girl?
Why do women have periods?
How do you get a fat girl into bed?
Why did the Tour de France get raided?
Did you hear about the gay midget?
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when he saw a dolphin caught in a net?
What's the difference between very large building and pigeon?
Did you know that truth serum us derived from an animal?
What's the difference between very large building and pigeon?
Did you know that truth serum us derived from an animal?
What is the difference between a peeping tom and a pickpocket?
Why are your hands covered in blood?
How can a woman avoid cleaning, cooking and oral sex for the rest of her life?
Want to hear a dirty joke?
What's the difference between a prostitute on the street and a prostitute on the pavement?
There's this blind man feeling his way down the street. He walks past a fish market, you know what I'm sayin'?
Why do Gorillas have big nostrils?
What do you call a black priest?
What did Miss Muffet and Saddam Hussein have in common?
What do you call 2 Mexicans playing Basketball?
There's this blind man feeling his way down the street. He walks past a fish market, you know what I'm sayin'?
Why do Gorillas have big nostrils?
What do you call a black priest?
What did Miss Muffet and Saddam Hussein have in common?
What do you call 2 Mexicans playing Basketball?
What do Harvard and a virgin have in common?
How does a chef relax?
what do you call a cow that's recently given birth?
What is the difference between a porcupine and a BMW?
How does a chef relax?
what do you call a cow that's recently given birth?
What is the difference between a porcupine and a BMW?
What do you call a relaxed redneck?
Why do blondes like blonde jokes?
Why does Fred Williard keep Kleenex in his pocket?
What's a shark's favorite illegal substance?
Both of them?
What did the cow say when she jumped off a cliff?
What's long and black?
What's Irish and sits by the pool?
Why do inquisitive peppers annoy people?
How many teenagers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why did the scientist take off his doorbell?
What did the redditor say to the repost?
How many pedants does it take to replace a burnt light bulb?
Did you hear about the new farmers dating site?
What does a cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
Why is there no gambling in Africa?
Did you hear about the dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac?
Did you guys hear about the dyslexic man who went to the toga party?
How do you get a one-armed monkey out of a tree?
Why is there no gambling in Africa?
Did you hear about the dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac?
Did you guys hear about the dyslexic man who went to the toga party?
How do you get a one-armed monkey out of a tree?
how many cops does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why do Jewish men get circumcised?
Why did the H blow itself up?
Why did the hipster burn his tongue on his coffee?
Why is six afraid of seven?
Reddit thread: What's The Coolest Thing On the Internet I Can Buy for Under $100?
Reddit thread: What's The Coolest Thing On the Internet I Can Buy for Under $100?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
Why is the bat-boy the luckiest guy on the baseball team?
DEAD BABY JOKES: So what's the difference between a dead baby and dirt?
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman?
What do you call two lesbian dinosaurs?
Jessica fell out of a tree and broke both her arms. Knock knock. Who's there?
Have you seen The Dark Knight Rises yet?
What do you call coffee on the floor?
Have you heard of the corduroy pillow?
Why was Chic-Fil-A founded?
What did the egg say to the pot of boiling water?
How many Vietnam vets does it take to change a lightbulb?
what's the longest word in a black man's dictionary?
How are Bungee jumping and visiting a prostitute a like?
How do you confuse a blonde?
Why did Lindsay Lohan walk into a movie theater?
Did you hear the one about the batman midnight showing?
What is six inches long, has a bald head, and drives blondes crazy?
A man purchases a kitten, which he's having trouble house breaking. What does his friend say when he comes to visit?
How do you call a man with a rabbit up his bum?
what's a political campaign we can all get behind?
Where do babies come from?
What kind of fish does Google have in their lobby?
What did one tampon say to the other?
Did you hear about the Polak who won a Gold medal in the Olympics?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve?
When did the Chinese man know it was time to go to the dentist?
What's a pedophile's favorite pair of shoes?
What did the heatsink say to the CPU?
Why do cannabis smokers call that tiny device that holds the butt of a cigarette a roach-clip?
What do you call a lesbian Eskimo?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
What's the difference between an old Greyhound terminal and a lobster with really big boobs?
What do you call an epileptic in a vegetable garden?
Is this where Frank lives ?
Why are batman and black man different?
What's big, bounces, and makes little kids cry?
What kind of pants does Mario wear to work?
What do women and condoms have in common?
Why did Sara fall out of the swing?
What does Johnny Depp yell when a tree falls in the forest?
What's your favorite rape joke?
What was Carl Sagan really trying to say about the brain?
How do you say constipated in German?
Anybody heard the joke about the wall?
What's the difference between Heath Ledger and Heath Ledger jokes?
Anybody heard the joke about the wall?
What's the difference between Heath Ledger and Heath Ledger jokes?
Tom Cruise Jokes, Anyone?
What's the worlds longest sentence?
Why are divorces so expensive?
What do they call a Polish astronomer?
Did you hear about the masochist who like cold showers?
Need a good PG rated joke for a class...anybody have one?
What are Canadians favorite board game?
Does your penis touch your butt?
Need a good PG rated joke for a class...anybody have one?
What are Canadians favorite board game?
Does your penis touch your butt?
What’s the worst thing you can hear when your giving Willie Nelson a blowjob?
Know why New Yorkers are so cynical?
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus???
Why is the Camel so hard to see in the desert?
Why don't they allow lesbians to play baseball?
Why don't chicken coops have Four doors?
Why did the black kid wish for a white Christmas?
Q: How can u drop an egg onto a concrete floor without breaking it?
What's the difference between 365 used condoms and a tire?
What's the ultimate rejection?
What's the difference between 365 used condoms and a tire?
What's the ultimate rejection?
What do you call fake spaghetti?
Why did the semen cross the road?
What is long and black?
Did you hear about the singing laptop?
What is long and black?
Did you hear about the singing laptop?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
Why do cannibals never go hungry?
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer?
What did the deaf, dumb, blind, amputee kid get for Christmas?
what do you get when one rapper eats another?
Did you hear about the guy who lost his left arm and leg?
How did the love seat get pregnant?
did you know there are people who hate jews who are not nazis?
What did the traffic light say to the car?
What did the traffic light say to the car?
What is a Pirate's favorite letter?
How does the stock market work?
How do you fit an elephant in a Safeway bag ?
What is the name of an Irish girl who hangs out on your lawn?
GUESS WHO!?
What do you call a gay guy in a coma?
Why didnt the melons get married?
How can you tell there are two elephants in your fridge?
What do you get when you cross a baggage handler with a sex offender?
How do you make holy water?
Why do asians have such squinty eyes?
What did the bread maker say to the wheat?
How do you make holy water?
Why do asians have such squinty eyes?
What did the bread maker say to the wheat?
What do you call a gay dinosaur?
Whats the difference between a BMW and a porcupine?
What's the difference between a bag of coke and a baby?
What is brown and screams?
Do you guys wanna jear a hoke about dyslexics?
How did the hipster burn his mouth?
What do you call a gay dinosaur?
Whats the difference between a BMW and a porcupine?
What's the difference between a bag of coke and a baby?
What is brown and screams?
Do you guys wanna jear a hoke about dyslexics?
How did the hipster burn his mouth?
Why do black people keep the brims of their hats flat?
Why is a rat when it spins?
What is brown and screams?
Do you guys wanna jear a hoke about dyslexics?
How did the hipster burn his mouth?
Why do black people keep the brims of their hats flat?
Why is a rat when it spins?
fovorite irish jokes?
How did the hipster burn his mouth?
Why do black people keep the brims of their hats flat?
Why is a rat when it spins?
fovorite irish jokes?
What's the difference between a hormone and an enzyme?
What goes "Clip clop, clip clop, clip clop, clip clop, BANG, clip clop, clip clop"?
What do you call 20 niggers in the emergency room?
Did you hear that David Copperfield has aids now?
What's the difference between a computer and a woman?
What's brown & rhymes with Snoop?
What did the windmill say to Lady Gaga?
What's the difference between an epileptic corn husker and a nymphomaniac with diarrhea?
Can anyone answer why they've kept the name Lynchburg?
What's brown and sticky?
how do you know you're in an elevator with the people of reddit?
Why does a one legged man make a terrible therapist?
How do we know the toothbrush was invented in Alabama?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
Why is Oklahoma so windy?
What do you tell a hitchhiker with one leg?
How many dyslexics does it change to take a light bulb?
Why do mermaids wear seashells?
What's your favourite one-liner?
Why did Hitler kill himself?
What does a shopping cart and a wheelchair have in common?
What's a good comeback for a women when she's asked to get her husband a sandwich?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
Are you African?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
Are you African?
What happens when you stick your hand in a jar of jelly beans?
Did you hear about the new Vietnamese cookbook?
Is it solipsistic in here?
Who told the gorilla that he couldn’t go to the ballet performance?
How many Freudian analysts does it take to change a light bulb?
What does a nosy pepper do?
How many gay guys can you fit on a stool?
Who laughs the last?
Did you hear they came out with a drink called the Osama Bin Laden?
How does a Scotsman find a sheep in tall grass?
What is important in relationships?
Whats an African-American's favorite fare?
Why do jewish men get circumcised?
What has 7 arms and sucks?
how to you get a one armed blonde out of a tree?
Why is a viola solo like a bomb?
Why is a viola solo like a bomb?
Why was the baseball team hot?
How many Borg does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's red and smells like green paint?
How many Borg does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's red and smells like green paint?
Why did the condom go flying through the air?
What did one condom say to the other while passing a gay bar?
What did one condom say to the other while passing a gay bar?
Why can't Sluts Count to 70?
What's the difference between George W. Bush and Hitler?
What time does Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon?
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella?
Why did Shakespeare break up with his girlfriend?
What did Sean Connery say when he noticed that there wasn't any electricity in the Pennsylvania countryside?
How do you build a flea circus?
Does England have a fourth of July?
What do you call an Ewok who just ate pancakes?
What do you call two women in a canoe?
What's red and has two legs?
What does it sound like when two old people have sex?
What does it sound like when two old people have sex?
How many Atheists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a Greek virgins anus?
What's the difference between girls of our generation and peanut butter?
Whats red, 10 inches long, and makes your girlfriend cry when you put it in her mouth?
Did you know that trampolines used to actually be called jumpolines?
Whats red, 10 inches long, and makes your girlfriend cry when you put it in her mouth?
Did you know that trampolines used to actually be called jumpolines?
What where Adam's first words to Eve?
What is a dog covered in poo called?
What do you call a Poor Stripper?
What did sushi A say to sushi B?
What do you call Catholics who marry Jews?
Quick-thinking math question: 42 birds are in a tree. A hunter comes and shoots 5 of the birds. How many birds are left in the tree?
Why do mermaids wear seashells?
Where do cats go on vacation?
Why do the 3rd Italian Navy use glass-bottomed battleships?
Why don't nuns fear getting raped?
What do Winnie the Pooh and Jack the Ripper have in common?
When geese fly in a "V" formation, do you know why one side is longer than the other?
Who is that only black guy at the family reunion?
Did you know that Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin?
What happened to the wooden car with the wooden wheels and the wooden engine?
If I was your alarm clock, how would I wake you up every morning?
When do cows go to sleep?
What do you call a bunch of stereotypical Americans running?
Why was the wife worried that her husband was a light drinker?
What is Drake's favorite type of alcohol?
what did the grape say when it got stepped on?
What did the Pilipino orphan boy say to the linguist who wanted to adopt him?
How are getting popular in high school and getting a college woman pregnant similar?
What's green and can eat 50 hot dogs in a minute?
Why do gay people like math?
How do you tell the difference between a chemistry professor and a politician ?
What's the most dishonest place on earth?
How much do you love kids?
What's green and spiky and retrieves information at the click of a button?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why do Republicans oppose Gay Marriage AND Obamacare?
What do you call your last girlfriend's vagina?
How much sperm do gay guys have?
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive?
How do we know cats are communists?
What kind of fabric does Mario use?
How do you get a faggot to fuck a bitch?
What should you do if you're attacked by a gang of clowns?
What is the difference between a BMW and a porcupine?
What do you call it when a bison borrows money from you?
How the does man give his dead batteries away?
How the does man give his dead batteries away?
Whats the difference between a Priest and Acne?
What does a priest and McDonalds have in common?
Why did the dyslexic Italian prisoner of war never get rescued?
How do you find a naked man in a nudist colony?
What does a nosy pepper do?
What do you call a drunk muslim?
What's the hardest part about rollerblading?
what do anal sex and vegetables have in common?
What do vegan zombies crave?
What do you call a drunk muslim?
What's the hardest part about rollerblading?
what do anal sex and vegetables have in common?
What do vegan zombies crave?
How does Moses make tea?
What is the difference between a pregnant woman and a supermodel?
Have you seen the clown that hides from gay people?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
Will a rabbi charge a lot for circumcisions?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
How do you circumcise a hillbilly?
Why did sally fall of the swing ?
Why did the koala fall out of the tree?
Why did sally fall of the swing ?
Why did the koala fall out of the tree?
Why don't North Koreans go to heaven?
What did Tarzan say when he saw the elephants coming over the hill?
How do you kill a hippie?
How do you kill a hippie?
Which famous celebrity has had the most children over the last 20 years?
Why do women fake orgasms?
What do you call a 1 ton toilet?
What should you do if you see an epileptic having a seizure in a bathtub?
Why isn't Mexico in the Summer Olympics?
Why shouldn't you let your kids run more than a mile?
Why don't you say grace when eating Chinese food?
what do you call a mexican with a rubber toe?
Have you heard about the South Korean subreddit?
What's the roughest part about being a 7-year-old in Liberia?
Did you know that Justin Bieber has a 12 inch cock?
Did you hear about the guy who stole a dictionary from the library?
What's the difference between Reddit and 4chan?
Did you know that Justin Bieber has a 12 inch cock?
Did you hear about the guy who stole a dictionary from the library?
What's the difference between Reddit and 4chan?
What does the nosey pepper do?
What's long, green, and smells like bacon?
What do you call a prepubescent rapist?
What's the difference between love, true love, and showing off?
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito?
What's the difference between love, true love, and showing off?
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito?
What's black on the outside but yellow on the inside?
What do you call someone who has to pay for sex?
You know how Brussels sprouts and anal sex are kinda the same??
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral?
why are dubstep artists so bad at fishing?
What do you call a cow that got hit by a car?
What kind of secretary is the best secretary?
Where do you weigh pies?
How do you drown a hipster?
Iguanas feel love but don't marry ..know why?
Why should you never let a non-metal drive a train?
What's the worst part about being a pedophile?
What do you call a musician's best friend?
How much does a hipster weigh?
What did Kermit the Frog say when Jim Henson died?
What's the only thing better than roses on a piano?
What's a Canadian's favorite board game?
What is red and smells like blue paint?
How did Kim Jong-Il begin his audio autobiography?
How does Lady Gaga like her meat?
What's Rectangle, red and bad for your teeth?
How many people with alzheimer's does it take to change a lightbulb?
What are the two biggest lies in Wyoming?
What's the cheapest kind of meat?
Why did the ghost cross the road?
How much semen does a gay guy have?
What's black and screams?
What does bungee jumping and hookers have in common?
What did the prostitutes left leg say to the other leg?
What do bricks and Latinas have in common?
What's worse than a pile of dead babies?
What is the difference between a circus side show and a Las Vegas floor show?
What do you call it when the lead singer of U2 fights with himself?
What does a gift and a black man have in common?
What's green and smells like pork?
Why did the pervert cross the road?
What would be your reply?
Did you hear, there's no more ice in Poland?
Why did Napoleon's soldiers wear red buttons on their blue jackets during the battle of Waterloo?
There are 4 gay guys in a bar and only one bar stool, how do they all sit down?
What do you call a laptop in the ocean?
What's the hardest part about rollerblading?
Why did the movie critic give the movie he received on a burned disc a 3.14/5?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many Republicans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What did the banana say to the vibrator?
How many non-humorous people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a penis shaped wand?
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scotsman?
Why do women wear makeup and perfume?
How many countries does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why can’t a lesbian diet and wear make up at the same time?
Why don't Rooster's wear underwear?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many countries does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why can’t a lesbian diet and wear make up at the same time?
Why don't Rooster's wear underwear?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why do fluorescent lights hum?
Why do airplanes manufactured in Spain have windshield wipers on the inside?
Why are Native Americans the most successfull strippers?
How many therapists does it take to change a light bulb?
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did the hippie drown?
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did the hippie drown?
How do you find a vegan at your dinner party?
What do you get when you cross a border collie with a pit bull?
What's white and covers the road in the early morning?
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine?
How did the hipster break his neck?
What's the Difference Between Being Hungry and Horny?
What do the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common?
Why did the can crusher quit his job?
Did you hear about the man with a cold who went to a miniature petting zoo?
Did you hear the AIDS joke?
What did the Mexican say when I pushed him on the lawn?
What do you call an alligator in a vest?
Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have any kids?
How did they name Canada?
Want to hear a pizza joke?
Why couldn't they find the cheesemaker after the accident?
What do you call a person who loved tractors but doesn't any more?
Ever heard of the blind hooker?
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer?
Why can't two Asians have a white baby?
What do you call a Native American girl that is really good with directions?
Did you hear about the guy who was frozen to absolute zero?
What did the Nazi boy say to his sweetheart?
How does a Jewish mother change a lightbulb?
What has 12 hands, 12 legs, and 12 eyes?
How did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth?
How is a woman like an Electrical Fuse?
How much does a hipster weigh?
What do frogs say that surf the internet?
Did anyone see the transit of Venus?
What do you call a guy with 15 rabbits up his arse?
Did anyone see the transit of Venus?
What do you call a guy with 15 rabbits up his arse?
How much does a hipster weigh?
What's the best day of the week to marry your gaming console?
Why do jews get so little annuity?
What's the difference between LinkedIn and McDonald's?
What's the worst part about looking at internet porn?
What's the Difference Between A Condom and Your Mother?
what do you call water that bounces?
What's the best thing about dating a homeless chick?
Q: Why did the Wisconsin democrat cry?
What is green and has wheels?
Why did the Dalai Lama go to Mexico?
Why did the Dalai Lama go to Mexico?
What's red and bad for your teeth?
What's the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps?
What would be a great name for a Mexican Boy Band?
I am tired of the joke where the 3rd person to be granted a wish uses it to somehow cancel out the wishes of his 2 friends who just wished in front of him. What variation on a joke are you tired of?
Where do you find a dog with no legs?
Why don't undertakers provide free services?
Why do lawyer's suits never have pants pockets?
Where do you find a dog with no legs?
Why don't undertakers provide free services?
Why do lawyer's suits never have pants pockets?
If storks bring white babies and crows bring black babies, then what brings no babies?
What did Cinderella say when she reached the ball?
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows?
Why don't black people go on cruises?
What's the difference between toilet paper and shower curtains?
What is the difference between a sociopath and a buddhist?
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows?
Why don't black people go on cruises?
What's the difference between toilet paper and shower curtains?
What is the difference between a sociopath and a buddhist?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
What's the difference between a DVD player and a cow's anus?
Have you heard the one about the successful black man?
How can you tell when an Italian car has a flat tire?
Q: How can you tell if it's a trombone player you're kissing?
Q: How can you tell if it's a trombone player you're kissing?
What's worse than locking your keys in your car in front of an abortion clinic?
What do you call a dirty atheist?
How do you spell "candy" with only 2 letters?
Your best clean joke?
What's the best part of being an abortion doctor?
Why do you never see Mexicans with acne?
How do you get an iraqi woman pregnant?
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11?
What's the difference between acne and a Catholic priest?
What's the difference between a refrigerator and a gay guy?
Why do you never see Mexicans with acne?
How do you get an iraqi woman pregnant?
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11?
What's the difference between acne and a Catholic priest?
What's the difference between a refrigerator and a gay guy?
What shape does a muppet follow when throw through the air?
What's the difference between pink and purple?
What did the man say to his big breasted ex-wife?
What did one saggy boob say to the other?
What do you call it when one lesbian "Cock Blocks" andother lesbian?
Why does the Pope shower with his briefs on?
Why can't the Tyrannosaurus Rex clap?
What does a National Geographic magazine or a JC Penney catalog have in common?
What did the black guy get on his SATs?
A black woman named Latisha has three boys all named LeSean. How does she tell them apart?
What do a dead fish and dog shit have in common?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
How much does the average Hipster weigh?
How much does the average Hipster weigh?
What did the collage artist say to her assistant?
Who do you sell second hand bikes to?
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when someone told him to upgrade to Windows 7?
What happened when Justin Bieber went to Michael Jackson's house?
How do clams communicate?
Did you hear about the fierce competition between the Texan and Mexican ice cream shops?
What's the most famous line at a gay bar?
What do you call a closet full of lesbians?
What's a lesbian's favorite meal to cook?
What's the best joke you ever heard?
What's better than winning a gold medal at the Special Olympics?
2 Mexicans and a white man are in a car, who's driving?
Whats black, white, red and rolls around in a KFC parking lot?
Did you hear about the two guys who stole a calendar?
I have to make a best man's speech at my brother's wedding next month. I need a few jokes to liven up my speech. Any ideas?
What's the hardest part about cooking a vegetable?
What's the difference between a blimp and 365 used condoms?
What's long, green and smells like bacon?
What's the hardest part about cooking a vegetable?
What's the difference between a blimp and 365 used condoms?
What's long, green and smells like bacon?
Anybody hear about what happened when Nietzche died?
I have to make a best man's speech at my brother's wedding next month. I need a few jokes to liven up my speech. Any ideas?
What do you call a Mexican on a bridge?
What does Spock sing in the shower?
Did anyone else go into Monsters, Inc. thinking it was going to be a movie about a really big sink?
Why can't Abraham Lincoln remember the Gettysburg Address?
What invisible and smells like carrots?
What's the difference between a four year old and a bag of cocaine?
What's the difference between a Greyhound terminal and a lobster with a boob job?
What is the best animal related joke you know?
What did the mexican boy say to his mom after he mopped the floors and found his brother?
What did the mexican boy say to his mom after he mopped the floors and found his brother?
What's the hardest number to say?
Is it bad that when you walk into a room and a persons clothes are hanging up that you think they have new curtains?
What's in common between Batman and a black guy?
What does a tight-rope walker eat for breakfast?
How do we know that Batman is black?
What do you get if you put 5 lesbians and 5 politicians in the same room?
What's the worst thing a woman can hear after giving Willie Nelson a blow job?
What happens when a nun becomes pregnant?
Did r/jokes hear about the new Taco Bell Express yet?
What's the worst thing a woman can hear after giving Willie Nelson a blow job?
What happens when a nun becomes pregnant?
Did r/jokes hear about the new Taco Bell Express yet?
Why do we call it politics?
What's batmans favourite fruit?
What's green, slimy, and smells like bacon?
What do you call a Gay dinosaur?
What happens when a necrophiliac goes to a funeral?
What did the scarf say to the hat?
The dirtiest joke I know: What is the difference between a baby and a freezer?
What do you get when you put semen in a bat?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What does Lebron James do after winning the NBA Championship?
How can you tell if a Redditor is European?
What do you call a female deer that's pickled?
What were you thinking?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
How do you confuse a drummer?
How is American beer like having sex in a canoe?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
How do you confuse a drummer?
How is American beer like having sex in a canoe?
Did you hear about the new virtual reality fellatio program?
How do you make holy water?
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple?
What do locking the keys in your car and getting your girlfriend pregnant have in common?
Why did the scarecrow win an award?
What did the Italian say when the eel swam by?
What ever happened to the Energizer Bunny?
Why did the scarecrow win an award?
What did the Italian say when the eel swam by?
What ever happened to the Energizer Bunny?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish man?
You know my grandfather died in a Nazi prison camp?
What do you get when you cross a penis with a potato?
what did the buffalo say when his son left for college?
What do you call a dog riding in a submarine?
Why do women have babies?
Why do short people laugh when they run?
How do five gay guys walk?
why do dolphin jokes always make you laugh?
What did Mr.T say when he saw a fat lady at the bar?
Did you hear that Björk covered a Lady Gaga song?
How did So-Cal celebrate the double anniversary of the LA Riots and Cinco de Mayo?
Did you hear about the short-sighted circumsiser?
How many members of an identifiable group does it take to perform a common task?
How do you catch a fish with peas?
How does a chef get to work?
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court?
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court?
What cheese is not yours?
What happened when Red-Beard's ship and Blue-Beard's ship crashed into each other?
How did the hamburger introduce his girlfriend to his parents?
What's the difference between a tribe of pygmies and a girls cross country team?
Why did god give women yeast infections?
Why did god give women yeast infections?
What do you call someone that will only have sex with homeless people?
What did the buffalo say to his son who was going off to college?
How is the Quran like weed?
A restaurant patron complained about the limited dessert selection, and an Irish man turned his head to respond. What was the complaint?
What's the difference between an arts student and a table?
Why did little Timmy fall off his bike?
Did you hear about how the Police were called to a daycare yesterday?
What hangs at a man's thigh and wants to poke the hole that it's often poked before?
Why can't Barbie get pregnant?
Need a cure joke... Anyone?
What do an elephant and an apricot have in common?
How do you circumcise a hillbilly?
Did you hear about the red tarmac that went around murdering people?
What's the difference between an Arts student and a large pizza?
What is a red haired persons favorite alcohol?
What's Irish and stays out all night?
Why aren't there any asprins in the jungle?
What is the name of the bear capitol?
Why isn't Spiderman in the Avengers?
What's the difference between an Engineering student and an Arts student when tying their shoes?
What does the new socialist leader of France mean for the country, Europe, and the world?
Have you heard about the recent abnormal growth in cancer clinics?
What kind of mint is the hardest to swallow?
Why did the orange stop rolling down the hill?
What's the penalty for bigamy?
Whats the difference between a pick-pocket and a peeping tom?
How do you stop millions of children from going to bed hungry every night?
Why was christopher never in the same place?
Which is your favorite Monty Python Joke?
Have you guys seen this? Have you heard about this?
why did the native family starve?
what do you call a fake noodle?
Where does He-Man keep his towel?
How do Ghosts lay foundations?
What is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
Have you heard about the first restaurant on the moon?
Did you hear about the detective who failed geometry?
Whats the difference between the FAA and a jet engine?
What kind of cake is even worse than fruitcake?
What is the most effective form of birth control?
Whats the difference between the FAA and a jet engine?
What kind of cake is even worse than fruitcake?
What is the most effective form of birth control?
Could you please tell your mother to stop wearing so many different lip sticks?
Why were the Indians here first?
What is the worst thing you can hear while blowing Willie Nelson?
Why did simba's father die in a stampede???
Why did simba's father die in a stampede???
(Very) dirty joke time: How does a mother in West Virginia know when her daughter is on her period?
How do you know your wife's dead?
Why is a woman unlike a washing machine?
What do you do if you come across an elephant in the jungle?
Girl with small feet?
This one's not racist... It's nationalist. That makes it better, right?
Did you hear about the abstinent lenses?
This one's not racist... It's nationalist. That makes it better, right?
Did you hear about the abstinent lenses?
Whats the stupidest animal in the Jungle?
Where in the world can you find the highest concentration of Jews?
Why do hipsters prefer to drink their PBR warm?
What is the difference between a trampoline and a baby?
Did you hear about the thin guy who went to Alaska for six months?
What country can't be hacked?
What's the best thing about twenty three year old's?
What is the opposite of Christopher reeves?
Did I ever tell you about the worst blowjob I ever had?
What is the opposite of Christopher reeves?
Did I ever tell you about the worst blowjob I ever had?
Is it whisky?
What's Snoop Dogs favorite type of weather?
What's red and goes up and down?
What separates Humans from Animals?
What did one frog say to the other?
why do blacks like the doctor's office?
Why did Princess Diana cross the road?
why do blacks like the doctor's office?
Why did Princess Diana cross the road?
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you get when you cross a zebra with a flamingo?
how many black people does it take to change a light bulb?
What's the difference between a pile of dead babies and a corvette?
What's black, blue and hates sex?
What do you call a fat computer?
What does a gay horse eat?
(My favourite joke when I was a kid) Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
What kind of bird always sticks together?
What do you call the rapping triplet mind readers on the starship Enterprise?
Have you ever eaten Ethiopian food?
What's brown and sticky?
Why couldn't the melon couple run off and get married?
Why do Seagulls Fly over the Sea?
What happens when you give a politician viagra?
What do you get when you take a needle to a balloon filled with yogurt?
Did you hear about the constipated composer?
What is woman spelled backwards?
Did you hear about the constipated composer?
What is woman spelled backwards?
Do zombies eat popcorn with their fingers?
Whats the worst part about having a lesbian for a roommate?
Whats the difference between a prostitute and a dead baby?
If you took the tartness out of a lime and later put it back would the lime be retarted?
What do Japanese men do when they have erections?
What do Japanese men do when they have erections?
Do you know why Moon rocks taste better than Earth rocks?
Why did the fly fly?
What is the frequency of a broken tailbone?
What's the difference between a wife and a girlfriend?
Why doesn't the United States have to worry about a North Korean nuclear missile attack?
Why doesn't the United States have to worry about a North Korean nuclear missile attack?
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How do you stop a black kid from jumping on the bed?
What do you call an international criminal waffle that you dropped at the beach?
What do California zombies eat?
What do California zombies eat?
What's a white racist's favorite food?
What is the difference between my grandma and a newborn baby?
What happens when you give Viagra to a politician?
How many redditors does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why can't Africa have Volkswagen beetles?
What's Kermit the Frog's favorite song?
How many redditors does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why can't Africa have Volkswagen beetles?
What's Kermit the Frog's favorite song?
Why did the airplane crash?
Why Can't Michael J. Fox draw a perfect circle?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how immature am I?
Did you guys hear about the midget that admitted he was gay?
What did the black man get on his SAT's?
Why we don't serve blondes?
When do you know that you are getting old?
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
If a lobsters come in on lobster boats, and clams come in on clam boats, what do crabs come in on?
Are we going the right way, Yoda?
Did you hear that Willy Nelson died?
If Jesus were alive today...what type of car would he drive?
What is the most positive thing in Africa?
What's all brown and sounds like a bell?
What do you call a mentally handicapped System of a Down cover band?
What did one crab say to the other?
How many Freuds does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Have you heard about Marx's tomb?
How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb?
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe?
What do you call an alligator in a vest?
What is the only part of a vegetable you cant eat?
Why does Mexico never wins any medals at the Olympic Games?
Is my doctor a magician?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable?
If John has 50 candy bars and eats 45, how many does he have?
Why did the Mexican push his wife off a cliff?
Q: Why did the suspenders get arrested?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
What do you call the stupidest fish in the sea?
Why does vegan cheese taste bad?
What's the definition of endless love?
Why did the lead singer of Drowning Pool lose his job at Starbucks?
Why did the baker get smelly fingers?
Why did the baker get smelly fingers?
How do you get a black guy out of a tree?
Why is it impossible to starve in a desert?
What does the titanic and the canucks have in common?
why do girls wear makeup and perfume?
What do Chinos say when you take them off?
You see those cows over there?
How do camels have sex in the desert?
What's your best racist joke?
What's green then turns red really quickly?
What's red and bad for your teeth?
What do you call a psychic midget who has escaped from prison?
Did you hear about the rabbi performing circumcisions for free?
What is the hardest part about playing soccer?
What is the hardest part about playing soccer?
Where do Jewish kids with ADHD go for summer?
What do most people wear to court?
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?
What do you call a black lady having an abortion?
What's a gay couples least favorite fruit?
You hear about the two guys that stole a calendar?
What do you call a teenage girl that doesn't masturbate?
What instant coffee and Sasha Grey have in common?
Did you hear about the airplane that crashed into a cemetery?
What's the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator?
How many PETA memebers does it take to change a light bulb?
What's a gay-bar pickup line?
Why did Princess Diana cross the road?
Do you know why black people have large nostrils?
Get it?
what's the main difference between r.kelly and your average redditor?
What do you call a black guy flying a plane?
What do the NFL and Jail have in common?
Whats brown and sounds like a bell?
Whats brown and sounds like a bell?
Why is it always a good idea to pack asparagus when you go camping?
What's the difference between Yogurt and L.A.?
What do compassion and sex have in common?
How do you spell women backwards?
What do Asian pirates do?
What does a Cuban do when he gets a flat tire?
Did you hear about that guy who put 19 toy horses up his butt?
What do you call the sweat between two rednecks having sex?
What do you call the sweat between two rednecks having sex?
What's the difference between Beer Nuts and Deer Nuts?
How's banging a fat chick like riding a scooter?
Are you Jewish?
Whats the difference between jelly and jam?
What happens to Eminem when he dies?
A jew just won the nobel prize. what do you say to him?
what's wrong if everything is all right?
How do you get a girl from the Midwest to "s" your "d"?
What does a Polish man give to his bride on their wedding day that's both long and hard?
what's wrong if everything is all right?
How do you get a girl from the Midwest to "s" your "d"?
What does a Polish man give to his bride on their wedding day that's both long and hard?
What problem afflicts 40% of all pedophiles?
What was Ol' Dirty Bastard's favorite vegetable?
What's the difference between a hooker and an onion?
How do Italian Jews like their bread?
What's red, white, and black all over?
What's a pirates favorite letter?
What's the difference between sand and menstrual blood?
Why did the rancher vivisect his daughter?
What's a pedophile's favorite part of a hockey game?
So these lepers are playing ice hockey and he gets kicked off the team. Why?
What is the difference between Hitler and Seabiscuit?
What do you call a psychic little person on the lam?
why aren't mexicans and blacks suppose to have kids?
What is Chuck Norris' only weakness?
Does anyone else find it ironic that Stalin was also Russian?
Did you know?
What goes well with country music?
Why did the farmer vivisect his daughter?
Did you hear about that guy who had his whole left side amputated?
Why doesn't Smokey the bear have any kids?
Whats so great about twenty-five year olds?
What's the opposite to Christopher Reeve?
What comes after 69 ?
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college ?
What is the similarity between women and square roots?
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy?
What did the programmer say to the architect chick?
Why do so many American kids die in school shootings?
How does a farmer find a sheep in the long grass?
Why don't catholic priest believe in condoms?
what do you get when you cross a penis with a potato?
Why did the girl fall off the swing?
What does it mean to be an Agnostic with insomnia and dyslexia?
What does it mean to be an Agnostic with insomnia and dyslexia?
What do a pulse and an orgasm have in common?
Why did Helen Keller's dog kill itself?
Why did Jesus quit playing hockey?
What did the cliff say to the landslide?
What gets louder as it gets smaller?
Who's Kony's favorite rapper?
What do you get if you cross a black man with an octopus?
Did you hear about the farmer who tried to be a stand up comedian?
What is the preferred coffee drink of people with alzheimer's?
How does Hitler tie his shoes?
What's orange, and sounds like a parrot?
What did the conspiracy theorist use as his breakup line?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many Freudian analysts does it take to change a lightbulb?
Heard of The Gay Martini?
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's red and smells like blue paint?
What's Hitler's favorite game?
What the beat part about having sex with twenty-one year olds?
What's the best way to kill a one-legged fox?
What's the difference between an incontinent person and a 1980's Renault?
What's the best way to kill a one-legged fox?
What's the difference between an incontinent person and a 1980's Renault?
What do you call a communist who's good with a rifle?
What did one Muslim say to another in a supermarket?
So, did you hear what Lateesha get on her SATs?
What's the hardest part about eating a vegtable?
What do you call Charlie Sheen having sex with his brother?
Heard about the baby seal who walked into a club?
What holiday do Jewish bridges celebrate?
What's the best time to go to a dentist?
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam?
What to hear a joke?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
Why couldn't the hipster get off?
Why couldn't the hipster get off?
Facepalm?
Why hasn't there been a woman on the moon yet?
How many telemarketers does it take to change a lightbulb?
Who Killed Cap'n Crunch ?
What do you call a stick that's good at algebra..?
How many telemarketers does it take to change a lightbulb?
Who Killed Cap'n Crunch ?
What do you call a stick that's good at algebra..?
Did you hear the one about the streaker who ran naked through a church?
What's the difference between a muslim sex-doll & a christian sex-doll?
What do you feed a gay horse?
Why don't you play UNO with a Mexican?
What has 9 arms and sucks?
What do you feed a gay horse?
Why don't you play UNO with a Mexican?
What has 9 arms and sucks?
Why were the baker's hands brown?
How do you turn a link on r/jokes purple?
Have you heard the joke about the 13-inch ruler?
What has 4 legs and 1 arm?
Why did the USAS with frag rounds fall over?
How does a sea urchin search the internet?
What do you call a gang of Country musicians jamming the shit out of some good ol' music?
How does a sea urchin search the internet?
What do you call a gang of Country musicians jamming the shit out of some good ol' music?
Did you know diarrhea is hereditary?
What do you call a midget psychic running from the law?
Why are Paris's streets lined with trees?
Did you hear about the cannibal who tried eating his clone?
Why are Paris's streets lined with trees?
Did you hear about the cannibal who tried eating his clone?
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex?
Buddy: Why don't women want to have sex in the morning?
Why shouldn't you wear Ukrainian underwear?
Why do people wash their clothes in Tide?
What's the difference between pussy and parsley?
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball?
Guess how old I am?
My grandpa died yesterday. Here's one of my favorite jokes he told. What are your favorite grandpa jokes?
Shortest joke ever?
Where do epileptic midgets go for pizza?
Did you hear about the circus fire?
How do you make a plumber cry?
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
What's the difference between menstrual blood and sand?
What's the difference between menstrual fluid and sand?
What's the difference between a Volvo and a Mercedes?
What's the difference between a Volvo and a Mercedes?
What do you call that useless skin around the penis?
What do you call a former lacrosse player?
Just found out I have cancer (oh, boohoo) and since they're my favorite, could you tell me your best anti-jokes reddit?
What sport is played in Spanish churches?
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb?
How do you make a cat go 'woof'?
What do you call an Optomitrist who is very highly thought of in his community?
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral?
What do you call an Optomitrist who is very highly thought of in his community?
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral?
What is written on Ronald McDonald's gravestone?
Hear about the first Polish athlete to win an Olympic gold medal?
What's the difference between you and Dick Clark?
What's the difference between toilet paper and the shower curtain?
What's good on pizza, but not on pussy?
Jason Russel's been caught masturbating in public?
Why does everyone hate Harkonnen web-devs?
What's the difference between a politician and a catfish?
How do you make a space party?
Why does everyone hate Harkonnen web-devs?
What's the difference between a politician and a catfish?
How do you make a space party?
My pick-up line used to be "Hey babe, I'm a hotspot. Wanna log-on"?
What's the difference between a blonde and a washing machine?
Q: how can you tell it is almost St. Patrick's day?
What's Irish and never comes inside?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
What came first? The chicken or the egg?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
Why does Reddit hate Pilipinos?
Why did God give women yeast infections?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
Why does Reddit hate Pilipinos?
Why did God give women yeast infections?
Did you hear about the agnostic dyslexic?
Why won't men perform oral on women the morning after sex?
Donkey kong, king kong, and a smart blonde fight on top of the empire state building. Who wins?
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb?
Who is Joseph Kony's favorite rapper?
What did the midget say in the crowded elevator?
How do you make 5 pounds of fat look good?
What did the samurai do...?
what's the difference between a condom and your mother?
What do you call a guy with no legs at your front door?
What do you get when you watch 'Cinderella' backwards?
What do Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What's brown and sits on a piano bench?
Did you hear about the married Amish woman having an affair?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What's brown and sits on a piano bench?
Did you hear about the married Amish woman having an affair?
what did one lesbian vampire say to the other?
Do you like fishsticks?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why do Irishmen hate Kia?
Why do Apple computer users always tell sexist jokes?
what do bad sex and the heimlich maneuver have in common?
What does watching golf and a giant spinning dildo have in common?
Why are the buses in London red?
Indian Style?
Why don't women need to go to college?
Did you guys hear the one about the mascara and the lipstick?
What did one tampon say to the other?
Did you hear about the two antennas that got married?
What do 9 out of 10 people call a good time?
What do you call a helicopter with no radar and no windows?
what do you call a sleep-walking nun?
What do you call people who rely on the "safe period" for contraception?
What do you call it when Kony drinks too much?
What do you call it when Kony drinks too much?
what was Hitler's favourite drink?
Did you guys hear about the C++ developer that wanted to become a famous actor?
Why did email come easy to the lumberjack?
Why did the accountant go crazy?
What do you call a group of African superheroes?
How did the 3 legged frog get across the 4 lane freeway?
What does a cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
Why did the former porn actor get fired from his job as a gas station attendant?
How did the 3 legged frog get across the 4 lane freeway?
What does a cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
Why did the former porn actor get fired from his job as a gas station attendant?
what do hookers and guns have in common?
What's the difference between Santa Claus & Michael Jackson?
How do dinosaurs smell?
What's the difference between an Irish Funeral and an Irish Wedding?
What does David Bowie do after he gets out of the swimming pool?
What did the Earth say to the Earthquake?
How can you tell when a mechanic just had sex?
Did you hear about the farmer's daughter who was sent home from the county fair?
Did you hear about the farmer's daughter who was sent home from the county fair?
What is Pedobear's favorite time of the day?
What do you call a black neurosurgeon?
What did the tampon say to the other?
have i ever told you your smile reminds me of a song?
What does a nosey pepper do?
What do you call when a female physicist decides to try dating women for a change?
have i ever told you your smile reminds me of a song?
What does a nosey pepper do?
What do you call when a female physicist decides to try dating women for a change?
Why is it called PMS?
Why do black people have such big dicks?
Want to hear a joke about pizza?
How many Tourette's syndrome sufferers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do black coffee and Ginger Baker have in common?
What do you call a musician who breaks up with his girlfriend?
What did the doctor call his new metal band?
How many Tourette's syndrome sufferers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do black coffee and Ginger Baker have in common?
What do you call a musician who breaks up with his girlfriend?
What did the doctor call his new metal band?
How do you make a gay guy fuck a woman?
What do Michael Jackson and Santa Claus have in common?
What happens when you give a politician Viagra?
What's the best thing about getting Reddit at a young age?
What did the hippie say when I asked him to leave my house?
What's the hottest thing in China right now?
How do you get a musician off of your porch?
What's brown and sticky?
What's the difference between heroin and the cast of the jersey shore?
What did the Buddhist say to the Hot-Dog vendor?
What's the difference between a musician and a large pizza?
How do you get a musician off of your porch?
What's brown and sticky?
What's the difference between heroin and the cast of the jersey shore?
What did the Buddhist say to the Hot-Dog vendor?
What's the difference between a musician and a large pizza?
Guess who I bumped into today at the opticians?
What do you have when there's balls on your chest?
Where do sperm go to die when you jack off?
How do you know when spring is here?
What do you call a Honry Micheal J Fox?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
What is the difference between Coors Light and a lake?
What do you call a Honry Micheal J Fox?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
What is the difference between Coors Light and a lake?
Why was the detective excited when he found a thimble sized crown?
What Is Difference Between Bomb And Condom.?
What do you call a smart blonde?
What do bees who are allergic to honey get?
Why do women get periods?
What's the difference between a tornado and a divorce in the south?
What's the difference between jelly and jam?
Why can't you hear my grandma when she's taking a piss?
What do Jews call a lone rabbit?
What's the worst thing about eating vegetables?
How do you define necrophilia?
How is giving oral sex similar to smoking a cigarette?
Whats the worst part about a threesome?
Anyone know any good Batman and Robbin jokes?
Anyone know any good Batman and Robbin jokes?
Did you hear Helen Keller was an atheist?
What do princess Diana and pink Floyd have in common?
Why did the hipster die?
What is the best thing that happened to you?
Whats up r/jokes?
What do you call piss from the continent?
What's in a name?
What's in a name?
Why do women get yeast infections?
Have you ever eaten Ethiopian food?
Q: Why did the easter egg hide?
What kind of bird is the best pornstar?
What's brown, and rhymes with snoop?
What do you call a Mexican Miget?
Do you know why there are no jokes about the Jonestown Massacre?
What do you get when you cross a penis and a potato?
Do you know why there are no jokes about the Jonestown Massacre?
What do you get when you cross a penis and a potato?
Whats the difference between a tribe of pygmies and a women's track team?
What's the difference between 3 dicks and a joke?
What did the spanish soccer announcer invest in?
What are children generally better at then adults?
How do rabbits fly?
How do you make a 4 year old girl cry twice?
What do you call a black guy who fly's a plane for a living?
What do you call a black guy who fly's a plane for a living?
Why did the man snort Dr. Pepper?
And you think the queen isn't to be blamed?
Why do we need to go to college?
Subreddit for cleanjokes?
Q: What happens when you eat bullets?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
Why did the boy drop his ice cream cone?
What kind of computer can sing?
What's Ja Rule's favorite type of bread?
What's Ja Rule's favorite type of bread?
What did Michael Jackson say at the bank?
Did you hear about the man who got his entire left side of his body mauled off by a bear?
What did constipated Yoda say to his fecal impaction?
Daddy, what's sex?
Why are Women like buses?
How many skateboarders does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
You know what they say about prostitution?
What is orange and hangs in my backyard?
What's the difference between Karate and Judo?
What did the baby seal order for lunch?
What's your favourite colour?
What's the ratio of an igloo's circumference to its diameter?
Why did the pedophile cross the road?
How does a mermaid give a man head?
Why did the chicken not cross the road?
What's Mitt Romney's favorite make of vehicle?
What is the difference between a Ritz cracker and a lesbian?
What is the difference between a Ritz cracker and a lesbian?
Did you hear about the eagle that performed a piano concerto?
Why did the male feminist take a cold shower?
What is a ginger author doing when they plant a misleading clue in their book?
Favourite one-liner?
What did the elephant say to the naked guy?
What's the difference between 10 dead hookers and a Porsche?
Favourite one-liner?
What did the elephant say to the naked guy?
What's the difference between 10 dead hookers and a Porsche?
What do politicians and diapers have in common?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What kind of file do you need to turn a 8mm hole into a 40mm hole?
Why did the chicken kill itself?
Did you hear the Energizer bunny got arrested?
Did you hear the Energizer bunny got arrested?
What's the difference between a feminist and a dentist's drill?
What does a nine-volt battery and a woman's asshole have in common?
Why did the worker at the M&M factory get fired?
Why is money green?
When did you stop beating your wife?
What's the difference between a job and a wife?
What's white, big and could kill you if it fell out of a tree?
What's a pirates favorite letter?
When did you stop beating your wife?
What's the difference between a job and a wife?
What's white, big and could kill you if it fell out of a tree?
What's a pirates favorite letter?
Did you hear about the pathological liar who went to see the doctor for constipation?
Why is a divorce so expensive?
What's the difference between a wife and a girlfriend?
Best "Punishment" Ever?
Why did Farmer John let his grapes go dry?
What's the difference between a wife and a girlfriend?
Best "Punishment" Ever?
Why did Farmer John let his grapes go dry?
What's easier to pick up the heavier it gets?
What concert only costs 45 cents?
Whats the difference between a prostitute and a bowling ball?
What does an airplane and a female have in common?
What does an airplane and a female have in common?
What do Whitney Houston and Michael Jackson have in common?
What is a pirates favorite letter?
Why did Hitler have a vitamin C deficiency?
Why did hitler get an A in chemistry?
Where did William Tell take his garbage?
What's smokey the bear's middle name?
How are women and cigarettes similar?
When is a door not a door?
What did Whitney Houston's coroner say as he unbuckled his belt?
What's a horny pirates worst nightmare?
What's the worst thing about challenging an unjust law?
What did the couch say to the armchair?
What's a bicyclists favorite letter?
What's a bicyclists favorite letter?
Why do blonde girls have bruises on their belly buttons?
Why does it take so long for a pro-lifer to screw in a lightbulb?
Do you like fish sticks?
Why are there so many Smiths in the phone book?
What's your favorite blonde joke?
Why did Mozart hate chickens?
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a pool?
what do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
what do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
What's the difference between Whitney Houston and Amy Winehouse?
What's the difference between Whitney Houston and Houston, TX?
What was Whitney Houston's biggest hit?
Why was the girl stuck in the revolving door for two weeks?
Did you hear about the jewish guy?
What do Whitney Houston and Antarctica have in common?
What do you call a grammatically incorrect horse?
What is the difference between my car and Whitney Houston?
What the difference between Jelly and Jam?
What is 6" long and not getting sucked this Valentine's day?
Where does Charlie Sheen shop?
What is a bear after it is 10 years old?
What do Whitney Houston and Antarctica have in common?
What do you call a grammatically incorrect horse?
What is the difference between my car and Whitney Houston?
What the difference between Jelly and Jam?
What is 6" long and not getting sucked this Valentine's day?
Where does Charlie Sheen shop?
What is a bear after it is 10 years old?
How does Moses make his tea?
What's something a kangaroo has that no other animal has?
What's the difference between Whitney houston and my car?
What do a slinky and your mother in law have in common?
What should you do if you're in the jungle and come upon a tiger?
What is the leading cause of pedophilia in America?
what do you call a communist in a hurry?
what do you call a communist in a hurry?
What do you call a large predatory bird with poor social skills?
What's a control freaks favorite macro?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Did you hear about the paranoid dyslexic?
What do you call a square peg that wonders if it could plug a round hole?
Did you hear about the circus fire in your area recently?
What's the difference between Ozzy Osborne and Whitney Houston?
If your Uncle Jack helped you off a horse, would you help your Uncle Jack off a horse?
What do you call a black man who flies a plane?
What is Pink and lies on the doormat?
What's the difference between Whitney Houston and my car?
What do you call the person that cleans the Mafia's hotel rooms?
What's the difference between Whitney Houston and my car?
What do you call the person that cleans the Mafia's hotel rooms?
What happens when you mix roofies and Viagra?
What do you get when you cross a squirrel with a Hummer?
Is syphilis forever?
What's the difference between a woman with PMS and a terrorist?
How many black guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call rich Mexicans?
What's the difference between a horse?
What would Kim Jong-Il be doing if he was still alive today?
What would Kim Jong-Il be doing if he was still alive today?
What do sperm and politicians have in common?
why should you never sleep with a female beekeper?
Why do girls wear make-up and perfume?
Why is Yoda Programming full of exceptions ?
What does being questioned by interpol have in common with cunnilingus?
How many musos does it take to change a lightbulb?
Wanna hear a joke?
What's up?
Are you going to buy something this time? Or are you "just curious"?
What's up?
What is the name of a bag pipe band that likes to play while jumping on squares?
What is the name of a bag pipe band that likes to play while jumping on squares?
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhinoceros?
Did you hear about the man with the five penises?
What does a cyborg order at a diner?
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer?
What's the difference between Saddam Hussein and Sperm?
Know how much a pirate pays for corn?
What did the father buffalo say when his son went off to college?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What's brown and sticky?
What do you call a fish with diarrhea?
Why aren't there any Mexican astronauts?
What's brown and sticky?
What do you call a fish with diarrhea?
Why aren't there any Mexican astronauts?
What is Green and Oblong?
What's worse than a bee sting?
How did the pig get to the hospital?
How can you tell if the kid that stole your bike is half black and half polish?
What's worse than eating out your grandmother?
How did the pig get to the hospital?
How can you tell if the kid that stole your bike is half black and half polish?
What's worse than eating out your grandmother?
Did you hear about the bear that fell into water and disappeared?
Q: Why are the citizens of Damascus so solemn when talking about oil?
How many Potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
How do you call it when a girl kicks a boy in the groin during the first date?
Did you hear about the hipster who burnt his tongue?
What are the four fastest hands in the world?
Why is crack a "Rock"?
What's it called when an Asian man gives his best friend head?
Why did the farmer sit on a cock ?
How do you make a hormone?
What do organic mathematicians throw into their fireplaces?
How do I know we are going to have sex tonight?
So, did you hear the one about the constipated mathematician?
What do you call a guy with a toe growing out of his knee?
What do you call a snail on a ship?
What do Japanese men do when they have erections?
What do you call a snail on a ship?
What do Japanese men do when they have erections?
What's grey, has one leg, sits at the end of your bed and takes the piss out of you?
Why did the Sheikh cross the road?
What's the difference between a Greyhound station & a Crab with boobs?
What do you call a girl who's sitting in the middle of a tennis court?
I came across this while searching through memes to post on a different subreddit and I loled for quite a bit. I'm not racist blablabla, but I hope it's not a repost. What's the difference between a black person and a large bench?
What happened to the horse that ate a duracell battery?
New subreddit. Anyone interested in humour in French/French humour?
What's worse than a lobster on your piano?
What is the sound of a homophobic magician?
Kin Ah Borry the Pickem-up Truck?
How can you tell the toothbrush was invented in West Virginia?
What did the prairie dog say to the the coyote?
Whats the best part of fuckin a pregnant woman?
What kind of concert costs 45cents?
Why did the girl fall out of the swing?
What do you call a all female flight crew?
Why did the girl fall out of the swing?
What do you call a all female flight crew?
What did the Pope say when he first saw the Shroud of Turin?
What did Kim Jong Il call his Kindle?
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb...?
How can you tell if someone uses Apple products?
What do you call a Rastafarian Police Officer?
Why did the prostitute had a second vagina transplanted on her hip?
Why don't lobsters share their dinner?
Why did the chicken cross the mobius strip?
What's the difference between a slut and a bitch?
So Twilight jokes - What does a vampire call a used tampon?
Why did the Chicken cross the road?
Why did the Chicken cross the road?
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection?
Why did Princess Diana Cross the Road?
How many dubstep fans does it take to clean a shower?
What do you call a blind german?
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Princess Diana?
Is your penis long enough to touch your asshole?
What does Canadian Fonzie say?
How do you stop a small dog from humping your leg?
Why doesn't Jesus eat M&M's?
Why doesn't Jesus eat M&M's?
Why does Lebron James drive automatic?
What do sea mammals say when something happens against their kind?
Hear about the farmer that stepped on a rake?
Why do fat girls give great head?
How did the white girl get pregnant?
[One liner] How do you make an archaeolgist mad?
What noise does a ceiling fan make?
What did the guy Zebra say to the girl Zebra?
How many performance artists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
[One liner] How do you make an archaeolgist mad?
What noise does a ceiling fan make?
What did the guy Zebra say to the girl Zebra?
How many performance artists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call pasta sex?
how do you tell the difference between an extroverted engineer and an introverted engineer?
Why do Germans make such good cars?
What do you call pasta sex?
how do you tell the difference between an extroverted engineer and an introverted engineer?
Why do Germans make such good cars?
Where do people with one leg work at?
What's your best limerick?
How long will I live doctor?
What's your best limerick?
How long will I live doctor?
What is French Super Mario's favorite board game?
Why did a scarecrow win a Nobel prize?
What did the leper say to the hooker?
What did the guy with 6 children say to the guy with six felonies?
Whats the opposite of progress?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
How can you tell if you're in Detroit or across the river in Windsor Ontario Canada?
What did the pirate say after he pulled a steering wheel out of his pants?
What did the pirate say after he pulled a steering wheel out of his pants?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
Why was Hitler so obsessed about getting into heaven?
How do you know a black woman is pregnant?
What's the difference between Bud Light and piss?
What do you call a pissed-off Founding Father?
What is gray, has a trunk, and big ears?
What do Nascar and a Kinko's dumpster have in common?
What concert can you get in with just 45 cents?
What's an otaku's favorite transition metal?
How is Bud Light like sex on the beach?
How can you tell baseball players are smarter than football players?
What's the difference between a lawyer and whore?
How many prostitutes does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call an Indian dating service?
How many prostitutes does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call an Indian dating service?
Why are so many Germans into scat?
What do you call a herd of masturbating cattle?
Why did God kick Joe Paterno out of Heaven?
What's white and crawls up your leg?
What's the difference between a hockey team and a Russian woman?
What was the last thing to go through Princess Diana's head before she died?
How do you get an 80 year-old woman to swear?
You know what's odd?
What's the difference between a hockey team and a Russian woman?
What was the last thing to go through Princess Diana's head before she died?
How do you get an 80 year-old woman to swear?
You know what's odd?
What's the difference between a dog and a fox?
How many Russians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Hey, what's the difference between reddit and LOTR?
What is the most exciting sport in the world?
what did mick jagger say when he caught hugh hefner and dennis weaver in the bedroom together?
How come NASCAR drivers don't get along with each other?
How do you get an elephant out of a Safeway?
Whats 10 inches?
Did you hear about the giant that threw up?
what did mick jagger say when he caught hugh hefner and dennis weaver in the bedroom together?
How come NASCAR drivers don't get along with each other?
How do you get an elephant out of a Safeway?
Whats 10 inches?
Did you hear about the giant that threw up?
Have you heard the watermelon joke?
What's red and bad for your teeth?
Hear about the oriental tailor that got arrested for being too arrogant with his customers?
What do you call a urinary tract infection caused in a virgin?
Which French novelist looked like a scrotum?
What do you call an Irishman with no arms and no legs on a pool table?
Why was the hipster sweating?
Which French novelist looked like a scrotum?
What do you call an Irishman with no arms and no legs on a pool table?
Why was the hipster sweating?
What did Helen Keller name her dog?
What did Picard say to Riker when the knitting machine wouldn't print single digits?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex?
Did you hear about the Chinese-German restaurant?
Where did the King keep his armies?
Does anyone know any more jokes like this?
Why are Jew's noses so big?
What's the difference between soap and SOPA?
What's the difference between soap and SOPA?
No Sopa... Radio?
What did the Mexican Firefighter name his two children?
How many irish men does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a dead baby floating in the middle of the ocean?
Do you know why they put cotton balls in the top of prescription bottles?
How do you catch a polar bear?
Did you hear the one about the deaf kid?
What do you call a dead baby floating in the middle of the ocean?
Do you know why they put cotton balls in the top of prescription bottles?
How do you catch a polar bear?
Did you hear the one about the deaf kid?
What's 10 inches long and white?
How do you upset a plumber?
What do you call white grand parents?
What's pink, bubbling and tapping on glass?
What do you call white grand parents?
What's pink, bubbling and tapping on glass?
What is made of wood and sticky?
What to Australian Trains use as fuel?
When does the narwhal bacon?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
What has wheels and is green?
What was the aardvark's favorite Lady Gaga song?
How do you stop a baby from crawling in a circle?
What was the aardvark's favorite Lady Gaga song?
How do you stop a baby from crawling in a circle?
Why do bicycles fall over?
How does the Navy separate the men from the boys?
What was the smoking bee full of?
What do Shakespearian Buddhists eat for breakfast?
Whats big and green and if it falls out of a tree it will kill you?
How do you find Will Smith after a snowstorm?
What did the left nut say to the right nut?
Who was Michael Jackson?
How do you fit an elephant in a thimble?
What does GOP mean?
Vintage Joke: What's yellow and writes?
Want to hear a joke about the Nazis?
What's a thesaurus's favorite cereal?
What did the Vietnamese architect say to the Chinese post man?
What did the Vietnamese architect say to the Chinese post man?
What did the sushi say to the bee?
Whats invisible and smells like carrots?
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the titanic?
What's the difference between a bad archer, and a constipated owl?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
what did the ocean say to the other ocean ?
Did you hear about the wooden car with the wooden engine and wooden wheels?
How does an engineer screw a light-bulb?
If two wrongs do not make a right, What do two rights make?
What is Santa Claus' favorite metal band?
How can you tell if a potato is baked?
How do you make Holy water?
What was left in the bathroom on the starship Enterprise?
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb?
What do a frozen beer, a burnt pizza, and a pregnant girl have in common?
Why was the young strawberry crying?
What do you call a stork that doesn't bring babies?
How many kids with ADD does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What is the difference between an oil painting and Jesus?
What is the difference between an oil painting and Jesus?
Did you hear about the agnostic insomniac with tourettes?
What's the difference between James Dean and Jimmy Dean?
What's the difference between a lesbian and a sperm whale?
What's the most common blood type in Canada?
How many members of Coldplay does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why was Aron Ralston arrested by the FBI?
What is ET short for?
What did the tree say to the math teacher?
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the difference between a Genealogist and a gynecologist?
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine?
Is it okay to kiss a nun?
What's the worst part of locking your keys in your car at an abortion clinic?
How many Tourette's sufferers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why don't Junior League debutantes engage in group sex?
What is the hardeast part about eating vegetables?
Have you heard the new hipster joke?
What's the difference between a toddler and a handgun?
What's the difference between a circus and a strip club?
How many Ron Pauls does it take to change a lightbulb?
What did one train track say to the opposite track?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Anybody wanna play Pearl Harbour?
What does DNA stand for?
What's the difference between Andrew Dice Clay and a nintendo cartridge?
Did you hear about the hipster compound?
What do worms and girls have in common?
What do gay horses eat?
Why should you never trust a whale with your secrets?
What did the midget get when he ran under the strippers legs?
Are you fu*** crazy?
Anybody Home?
What did the midget get when he ran under the strippers legs?
Are you fu*** crazy?
Anybody Home?
What's harder than beating Alabama twice?
What did the male elephant say to his buddy when a female elephant passed by?
Why do midgets laugh when they play soccer?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
How many teamsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What did the Egyptian boy say to the Egyptian girl?
Why did the newspaper cross the street?
What do a 14 year old and an open bucket of bleach have in common?
Why does Michael J Fox make the best milkshakes?
What do you call it when a cow goes on holiday?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth on the pizza?
How do you know when your at a gay barbecue?
What do yeast and a redneck have in common?
What's the similarity between free healthcare and good jokes?
How much coke can Charlie Sheen do?
How many aspiring actresses does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the temperature inside a tauntaun?
Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac?
What do a pizza guy and a gynecologist have in common?
Why do little girls carry goldfish in their pockets?
How many mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What did the dope dealer say after he got a colonic?
Why do little girls carry goldfish in their pockets?
How many mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What did the dope dealer say after he got a colonic?
What should you do with a burning Kotex?
What kind of soda did Moses drink?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve?
What do you call it when you think deeply about something you just saw on reddit?
[SKYRIM JOKE] Why didn't the Nords win the theater audition?
Why did the hipster decide to drown himself in the tributary?
Did you guys hear about the butcher who backed up into his meat grinder?
Why did the hipster decide to drown himself in the tributary?
Did you guys hear about the butcher who backed up into his meat grinder?
What's the difference between jam and marmalade?
Why are black people good at basketball?
How do you make antifreeze?
Can a cigar box?
Why was the lifeguard unable to save the hippie from drowning in the ocean?
What is a ninja's favorite beverage?
what do you call a closet full of lesbians?
Can someone give me an arrow?
What time do Lumberjacks take their tea-break?
What did the first lesbian vampire say to the second lesbian vampire?
What time do Lumberjacks take their tea-break?
What did the first lesbian vampire say to the second lesbian vampire?
How many Chuck Norris' does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you call a big trash can?
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do prisoners use to call each other?
What's the best thing about fucking a transvestite?
Did you know diarrhea is genetic?
What do you call a mexican with a rubber toe?
What do you call a same-sex lion orgy?
Why do Scottish men wear kilts?
What happened to the dwarf who walked between a lady's legs?
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball?
Just made this up. What did one cannibal-rapist say to the other?
What happened to the dwarf who walked between a lady's legs?
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball?
Just made this up. What did one cannibal-rapist say to the other?
Did you hear about the procrastinating dictator?
Whats the difference between a dead dog on the side of the road and a dead lawyer on the side of the road?
What does a cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend?
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Mercedes?
What does a redneck say for foreplay?
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and a newspaper bag?
What has 142 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk?
Q: What's the difference between a lawyer and a bucket of dirt?
What's your new years resolution?
What's your new years resolution?
What's a priests least favorite thing about New Years?
Wanna hear a joke about my penis?
What do you need to teach a blonde who never had an accident in 20 years?
What do you say to a woman with no arms or legs?
What did the blind paraplegic child get for Christmas?
why did Princess Diana cross the road?
How many philosophers does it take to change a lightbulb?
Whhat do jellybeans and the world have in common?
Why do black people like the NBA?
How did the hipster burn his mouth?
What did the mexican say to the Highlander?
What do you call someone who stands on the left side of an escalator?
What did they call Fireman Sam after he retired?
What did they call Fireman Sam after he retired?
What did they call Postman Pat after he retired?
What's Sad About Lunch in Ethiopia?
What's Beethoven's favourite fruit?
How do you know when a black woman is pregnant?
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam?
What is grey and comes in quarts?
What do you call a gigolo donkey?
Whats a pirate's favorite letter?
Why do blondes prefer the pill instead the condom?
Q. What's brown and sticky?
What is the difference between an ornithologist and a stutterer?
Did you hear about the elephant that orgasmed?
What is today's best punch line?
What is the painless frequency?
Where's the red light district in Toronto?
What would the Reddit political party be called?
How does loose leaf watch TV?
What would the Reddit political party be called?
How does loose leaf watch TV?
How do you circumsize a blue whale?
Why is Dublin the capital of Ireland?
What has got two legs and bleeds?
A woman gets hit by a truck. Who's fault is it?
What is the hardest part in coming out of the closet?
what's the difference between peanut butter and jam?
Whats the difference between a Jewish and a Black person?
Whats the difference between Santa and Tiger Woods?
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office ?
Why is Santa always so jolly?
Where does virgin wool come from?
The difference between a greyhound station and a lobster with a boob job?
What's the difference between an epileptic clamshell-shucker and a prostitute with diarrhea?
The difference between a girl in church and a girl in the bathtub?
The difference between an epileptic oyster sucker and a hooker with diarrhea?
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells?
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
What did Adam say on the day before Christmas?
How does every racist joke start?
I asked my wife what she wanted for Christmas?
What's the difference between a dog and a fox?
What's Helen Keller's favorite color?
How do you know a black guy's been at your computer?
What's the difference between a snow-man and a snow-woman?
What did the fat cat go to prison for?
What goes “Vroom!..screech..Vroom!..screech”?
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella with him everywhere?
How many Catholic priests does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why is Santa Claus so jolly?
How many Catholic priests does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why is Santa Claus so jolly?
how is Duct Tape like The Force?
What is the best way to circumcize a redneck?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What is the first thing a woman should do when she gets out of the Battered Women's Shelter?
How did Hitler tie his shoes?
What's the only type of seafood that Sean Connery won't share?
How do you re-use a condom?
What's the latest pick-up line at gay bays?
What's the latest pick-up line at gay bays?
How did the mathematician treat his constipation?
What's the darkest joke you know? No limits who can disgust me the most?
What was Ghandi?
What do you call a group of physicians with erectile dysfunction?
What did the leper say to the hooker?
What is a pedophile's favorite part of Christmas?
What was Ghandi?
What do you call a group of physicians with erectile dysfunction?
What did the leper say to the hooker?
What is a pedophile's favorite part of Christmas?
How do you turn a duck into a popular soul singer?
how can you make a blonde laugh on a Sunday?
What do you call an irritated nerd?
How many letters are in the alphabet during the Christmas Season?
how can you make a blonde laugh on a Sunday?
What do you call an irritated nerd?
How many letters are in the alphabet during the Christmas Season?
What did the banana say to the vibrator?
What's the best part about having sex with a transvestite?
Why are programmers so consumeristic?
What kind of car does a rich shepherd drive?
Why are programmers so consumeristic?
What kind of car does a rich shepherd drive?
What is the difference between a pub and an elephant fart?
What did the deaf, dumb, and blind kid get for Christmas?
What kind of bees make milk?
Why did Kim Jong-il die a week before December 25th?
-What do you think I should buy, a cow or a bike?
How many alternative school kids does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's long and hard and screws people?
How do you LOL in N. Korea?
Does anybody here own a five-foot penguin?
What did the bra say to the hat?
Kim Jong il is dead?
Osama, Ghaddafi, and Kim Jong Il?
Why is a violin difficult to play?
Why was Yoda afraid of the number Seven ... ?
What is the best day to wear an asshat?
What's the difference between a French kiss and an Australian kiss?
What's big, green and if it falls out of a tree it will kill you?
Why can't you take a pig out on a date?
What is green and sings?
What do you get when you cross a Jehovah's Witness with a Unitarian?
Can little girls have babies?
Is it Scotch?
What do you get when you cross a rooster with a jar of peanut butter?
Whats the best thing about being addicted to speed?
Whats the best thing about being addicted to speed?
Why does Barbie never get pregnant?
Best thing about being a hermit?
Whats the difference between an Irish Party and an Irish Funeral?
What is the difference between a battery and a woman?
What's the definition of relative humidity?
How many Freudian psychologists does it take to change a light bulb?
What did the newsletter say to the other newsletter when he asked for help?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth on the pizza?
Anyone else think Mexican and African jokes are pretty much all the same?
Why couldn't Frodo drop the Ring into Mt. Doom?
Why was the pedophile so excited by 23 year olds?
Why Doesn't Santa Have Any Kids?
Anyone else think Mexican and African jokes are pretty much all the same?
Why couldn't Frodo drop the Ring into Mt. Doom?
Why was the pedophile so excited by 23 year olds?
Why Doesn't Santa Have Any Kids?
Who is Ed McMahon's favorite Japanese Filmmaker?
Which president was famous for his long pauses?
What's the definition of mixed emotions?
What's the motto of the Greek army?
Have you heard about the Occupy - Treasury movement?
What do you get when you put a bunch of roosters into a compactor?
Have you heard about the Occupy - Treasury movement?
What do you get when you put a bunch of roosters into a compactor?
What do you call an intoxicated midget?
How does constipation work?
We are making our own xmas crackers for the family gathering this year. Got any good jokes we can put in them?
If Mississippi gave Missouri her New Jersey, what would Delaware?
What's the difference between karate and judo?
Why can't Polack women use vibrators?
What's the difference between karate and judo?
Why can't Polack women use vibrators?
How do you get a Jewish Girl's number?
What do you call a woman who knows where her husband is every night?
Why did Abe Lincoln and Stephen Douglas get thrown out of the church?
what's big, black and looks good on a lawyer's neck?
Did you here about the guy who turned to Scientologists to escape his past?
What do you call a cross between a turducken and a tofurkey?
Anybody know some white people jokes?
Who's the coolest guy at the hospital?
what's big, black and looks good on a lawyer's neck?
Did you here about the guy who turned to Scientologists to escape his past?
What do you call a cross between a turducken and a tofurkey?
Anybody know some white people jokes?
Who's the coolest guy at the hospital?
Why is Santa so jolly?
What did the mexican say when a development fell on him?
What do you call fapping to dubstep?
What was the top item on Hitler's grocery list?
How Does Moses Make His Tea?
What do Japanese men do when they have an erection?
What was the top item on Hitler's grocery list?
How Does Moses Make His Tea?
What do Japanese men do when they have an erection?
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?
What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt have in common?
How can you tell when it's time to go to bed at Michael Jacksons house?
What's the difference between Neil Armstrong and Michael Jackson?
Why did the tomato turn red?
How do you confuse a blonde?
What did the blondes left leg say to her right?
What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt have in common?
How can you tell when it's time to go to bed at Michael Jacksons house?
What's the difference between Neil Armstrong and Michael Jackson?
Why did the tomato turn red?
How do you confuse a blonde?
What did the blondes left leg say to her right?
Why did the pedophile cross the road?
What do you call a pedophile with a thesaurus?
The Week Off?
Where do you find a dog with no arms or legs?
What's the difference between normal sex and anal sex?
What do you call an airplane's cockpit if it's staffed by female pilots?
What's the difference between the 7 dwarfs and a girl's high school track team?
The Week Off?
Where do you find a dog with no arms or legs?
What's the difference between normal sex and anal sex?
What do you call an airplane's cockpit if it's staffed by female pilots?
What's the difference between the 7 dwarfs and a girl's high school track team?
How can you tell if a woman's had an orgasm?
How can there be self-help 'groups'?
Dead Baby Jokes?
Did you hear about the single-engine plane that crashed into a Polish cemetary?
What is Green, Slimy, and smells like Bacon?
What is the square root of 69?
What do call you someone who feeds on comatose patients and pizza?
How many ants does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How's your sex life?
What do shingles and fat white women have in common?
Dead Baby Jokes?
Did you hear about the single-engine plane that crashed into a Polish cemetary?
What is Green, Slimy, and smells like Bacon?
What is the square root of 69?
What do call you someone who feeds on comatose patients and pizza?
How many ants does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How's your sex life?
What do shingles and fat white women have in common?
What do you call a paedophile with no legs?
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella everywhere he goes?
Why couldn't the penguin turn around in the phone booth?
Why couldn't the penguin turn around in the phone booth?
Is this how you reddit ?
Why do you call these girls broads?
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple?
What was the name of the pharao that screwed everything up?
Who's the founder of the Japanese Wikipedia?
Did anyone lose a roll of twenties wrapped in a rubberband?
What did one TCP packet say to the other TCP packet?
Who's the founder of the Japanese Wikipedia?
Did anyone lose a roll of twenties wrapped in a rubberband?
What did one TCP packet say to the other TCP packet?
Where do you find a one legged cow?
Why did Clemson choose orange as its team color?
What does a horse and kryptonite have in common?
Did you hear the one about the sprinkler that tried to spray a man in the eye?
why did the lion win the race?
What does an eighty year old woman have in between her boobs that a twenty year old woman doesn't?
Why do seagulls only fly over the sea?
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
What do gays and melons have in common?
why did the lion win the race?
What does an eighty year old woman have in between her boobs that a twenty year old woman doesn't?
Why do seagulls only fly over the sea?
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
What do gays and melons have in common?
Q:What is the only NFL team whose players have undergone a sex change operation?
Whats a Plumber's favorite vegetable?
Why did the Frenchman not want two eggs?
What is love? The energy of life. What is marriage?
Heard about the girl who took a contraceptive pill with pond water?
What do you call a fake noodle?
What do two sushi say after one tells a lame joke?
What do two sushi say after one tells a lame joke?
what's the height of trust?
Whats Irish and stays out all night?
Why do fish swim in salt water?
Wanna hear a joke about my cawk?
What do you called being pepper sprayed at UC Davis?
Why do Irish women have small nipples?
Q: What do you call a country bumpkin from Michigan's Upper Peninsula?
Q: What do you call a country bumpkin from Michigan's Upper Peninsula?
What's a 6.9?
Did you hear about the Native American chief who drank 50 gallons of Earl Grey?
What's the difference between a boomerang and my father?
What did the thunder say when it understood the joke?
What do you call a sober Irishman?
Why are lawyers always buried 15 feet deep?
What's red and white and red, red and white and red and white?
Why did I buy a bolt?
Why do waitresses hate mohels?
Why did the semen cross the road?
What do you call a cow woth a twitch?
Why do waitresses hate mohels?
Why did the semen cross the road?
What do you call a cow woth a twitch?
What has a million legs but can't walk?
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom?
What did the fish say when it hit a wall?
What kind of bee makes milk?
Q: What's the best language to describe the hectic holiday shopping season?
What's the proper procedure when witnessing someone having a seizure in a bathtub?
Did you hear about the new HBO series that investigates gambling in sports?
Did you hear about the new HBO series that investigates gambling in sports?
Q: What's the best sport to learn when you are moving?
What is the difference between dog shit and black people?
What's easier to pick up the heavier it gets?
What's the difference between the Rolling Stones and a Scottsman?
What does the last man on earth watch on tv?
How long before I can get a haircut?
A Greek, an Irishman and a Portuguese spend the evening drinking in a bar. Who picks up the tab?
What do women and KFC have in common?
What did the cake say to the Pie?
What's the difference between the Rolling Stones and a Scottsman?
What does the last man on earth watch on tv?
How long before I can get a haircut?
A Greek, an Irishman and a Portuguese spend the evening drinking in a bar. Who picks up the tab?
What do women and KFC have in common?
What did the cake say to the Pie?
what did one snowman say to the other?
Why are fat people like relationships?
What did the mathematician say while golfing?
Why can't Helen Keller drive?
What did one hat say to the other?
Why can't Helen Keller drive?
What did one hat say to the other?
What is a rude way of referring to a young homosexual fly?
What do i have in Common with neutrinos?
What is a rude way of referring to a young homosexual fly?
What do i have in Common with neutrinos?
Do you know any martial arts?
What do you call a short psychic who hasn't yet been apprehended?
Why do meth heads love Halloween?
What did the mexican get on his SAT's?
What do you call a short psychic who hasn't yet been apprehended?
Why do meth heads love Halloween?
What did the mexican get on his SAT's?
- Grandpa, you still have sex with grandma?
Guys can we please stop making jokes about obesity?
What do you call a Polish airplane?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What does a Scotsman wear under his kilt?
Why did F'' (F double prime) have to go to the dentist?
Why do chicken coops only have 2 doors?
Did you hear about the new Jewish Sports Car?
This may seem stupid, but can I get a bit of help?
Why did the duck get arrested?
Whats the difference between a black guy and a snow tire?
What is your favorite "My dick is so big.." joke?
Why can't women ski?
How many Nickelback fans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Did you hear about that mad cow disease?
Did you hear about that mad cow disease?
Where do Eggs keep their holidays pictures?
Did you hear about the hippie who got lost at sea?
How's Terry Fox like Jack Layton?
Why did the protester cross the road?
How many women does it take to bring down Herman Cain?
How many women does it take to bring down Herman Cain?
Why couldn't the kid get in to see the pirate movie?
What do they call helium, neon, argon,krypton on the REALLY COLD planet?
Did u hear about the leper poker game?
what's invisible and smells like carrots?
Seriously though, why can't you put the punchline in the title?
What does a redditer say when he reads a joke on r/jokes?
Seriously though, why can't you put the punchline in the title?
What does a redditer say when he reads a joke on r/jokes?
What does Sigmund Freud say comes between fear and sex?
What is this compound?
Why don't women wear watches?
What is the punishment for bigamy?
What's the worst part about being a black Jew?
Why do women parachutists wear cups?
What did the deaf, dumb, blind orphan get for Christmas?
What's warm, white, and I drink almost every night?
What do you call a Mexican Buddhist?
What do spinach and anal sex have in common?
What's the hardest part of eating a vegetable?
What do spinach and anal sex have in common?
What's the hardest part of eating a vegetable?
What's white on top and black on bottom?
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable?
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many men does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why did Michael Jackson love Beethoven's 3rd symphony?
Why was Steve Jobbs funeral an open casket?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
What do you call a hooker with a runny nose?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the most useless thing on a woman?
What do you call a woman with her tongue out?
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
What do you call a hooker with a runny nose?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the most useless thing on a woman?
What do you call a woman with her tongue out?
Why do Native Americans hate snow?
How do you turn a washing machine into a snowblower?
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive?
What would you do?
Why do farts smell?
Why do farts smell?
How do you hit 20 flies in one shot?
What is the worst part of being both black and jewish?
Need a Polygon ?
What's the difference between Jews and Pizzas?
What’s the worst part of locking your keys in your car at an abortion clinic parking lot?
How many dub-step artists does it take to clean a bathtub?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth?
What's worse than a bee sting?
What do Jews in Nazi Germany and children at Penn State have in common?
What do you call a prostitute with her hands down her pants?
What do you call a teenage cheese cracker?
What does NNNNNSSSSSAAAAA stand for?
What 20th century composer would make the best bartender?
What is the difference between Sarah Palin’s hoo-ha and her mouth?
Did you hear about the mexican that went to college?
How do you know if a Muslim is laughing online?
What did the Chinese man say when Winter came around?
What did the Chinese man say when Winter came around?
What does Chris Brown tell his friends when he sees Rihanna at a party?
John's mother in-law comes for a visit. So, how long will you stay,mom?
Need a new spin on an old joke, can anyone help?
What is the difference between a gay man and a refrigerator?
Need a new spin on an old joke, can anyone help?
What is the difference between a gay man and a refrigerator?
What's the difference between a dwarf and an STD?
Why doesn't Santa Claus have any children?
Why didn't Hitler drink?
Hey, you know that Outback Steakhouse down the road?
What bounces and makes kids cry?
What do Sarah Palin and Iron Man have in common?
What do you call a black pilot ?
Who is the greatest Jewish cook?
How are women and tornadoes alike?
Why didn't Natalie Wood take a shower on the boat?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
Why did only 2 Mexicans cross the border?
What is a Mexican's favorite bookstore?
What do you call a pile of cats?
Why was the pig in the kitchen?
Daisy who?
How many people does it take to screw in a light?
Did you hear about the dyslexic pimp?
Why was Jimmy Glasscock bad at hide and seek?
Did you pay the VISA bill?
Why was Jimmy Glasscock bad at hide and seek?
Did you pay the VISA bill?
What do women and condoms have in common?
What kind of wood doesn't float?
Jew or Gipsy?
What do canola oil and some abortions have in common?
What do you call a lesbian with long fingers?
How can you tell if your roommate is gay?
Why do nice guys make good lovers?
Why did Kanye West blow up the bakery?
What did the tampon say to the other tampon?
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg?
Did you know Hitler didn't like to eat meat?
What did the egg say to the boiler water?
Did you know Hitler didn't like to eat meat?
What did the egg say to the boiler water?
What is the difference between a Mother and Wife?
What's the best thing about kids?
What do you call a leper in a jacuzzi?
Why Does Paris Hilton Have a Chihuahua?
What do you get for stealing a slut's vegetables?
What's the good word?
What do you call a crappy business man?
What would you call the mailman if he got fired?
What do you get for stealing a slut's vegetables?
What's the good word?
What do you call a crappy business man?
What would you call the mailman if he got fired?
How is Sandusky like a tortoise?
You ate some space food?
Q: What do you get Devin Hester for Christmas??
Why is Santa Claus always so happy?
How can you make a small fortune?
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs, lying in a ditch?
Similarities between Scruff McGruff's police force and Michael Vick?
Did you hear the one about the captain's lucky shirt?
How do you know when there's a lead singer on your porch?
What's the difference between a sliced up body and a new BMW?
How do you make a dead baby float?
What do you call a cow that has had an abortion?
How many members of an ethnicity does it take to perform a specified task?
What do you have to bring if you visit r/nsfw_gifs?
What do you call a girl with anorexia and a yeast infection?
What do you call a cow that has had an abortion?
How many members of an ethnicity does it take to perform a specified task?
What do you have to bring if you visit r/nsfw_gifs?
What do you call a girl with anorexia and a yeast infection?
What do you get when you plant a loaf of bread?
Did you hear about the blind circumciser?
What's the most common owl in Britain?
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
Why buy an invisible knife?
Why do ducks have flat feet?
How many pirates does it take to screw in a lightbulb in China?
What's the hardest part about riding a scooter?
Why do ducks have flat feet?
How many pirates does it take to screw in a lightbulb in China?
What's the hardest part about riding a scooter?
What is Jesus' favorite workout?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
What do you call a group of environmentalists in jail?
Have you seen my octopus?
What do you call a group of environmentalists in jail?
Have you seen my octopus?
Did you hear about the guy who escaped from a lunatic asylum, raped a bunch of old women in a laundrette then ran away?
Why didn't the melons get married?
What do you get when you cross an ape with a calculator?
What do you call an older man who goes after young boys?
What did the inn keeper say to the Big Dipper when he asked if he could rent a room?
What did the inn keeper say to the Big Dipper when he asked if he could rent a room?
What kind of pants does mario wear?
What do you call 100,000 Frenchmen with their hands up?
How many defensive coordinators does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How can you tell if you're on a Starcraft diet?
What do Alexander Skarsgard and Ikea have in common?
How is toilet paper and the Starship Enterprise alike?
Why are leggings and sand the same?
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina?
What do you get when you combine human DNA with a goats?
Sarah Jessica Parker?
What has two wings and a halo?
Why does Japan love Obama?
Hey Jerry Sandusky! What's the best thing about sex with twenty nine year olds?
Why did Hitler really commit suicide?
What did the cannibal get when he showed up late to the luncheon?
At what time does Sean Connery like to watch the Williams sisters play?
What do you call a black hipster?
What does Sean Connery surf on the Internet?
At what time does Sean Connery like to watch the Williams sisters play?
What do you call a black hipster?
What does Sean Connery surf on the Internet?
Why didn't anyone drive stick in Soviet Russia?
Q: What do you get when you cross a Wurlitzer and a photocopier?
How did cancer order it's fries?
Why have they created sweet tampons?
What's the difference between Shea Stadium and Sloan-Kettering?
What's the difference between Toddlers & Tiaras and a scat fetish?
What's the difference between Toddlers & Tiaras and a scat fetish?
What does a nerd and a bad baseball player have in common?
Why shouldn't you take rimjob jokes seriously?
Why did the condom hit the wall?
How do you make your wife cry when you're having sex?
What do you call a mexican hitchhiker?
What do you call a family of redheads?
Why do you like little kids...?
Who is the coolest person in the hospital?
Did you hear about the fellow whose whole left side was cut off?
What do you call five blondes in a pool?
Who takes over when the Ultrasound man is on leave?
Heard about the seafood diet?
What the opposite of progress?
What the opposite of progress?
How many bassists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's grosser than gross?
Did you hear about the magician that turned his family into a 3-piece suite but couldn't change them back?
What kind of bees can you get milk from?
Why did the parrot fall out of the tree?
What do you do if you find a trumpet growing in your scottish garden?
How do you torture Hellen Keller?
Q: What is the last thing a tossed salad says to itself before being devoured by a human?
How many ADD kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many ADD kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What causes the bird on a pirate's shoulder to repeat 'pieces of nine, pieces of seven, pieces of nine....'?
What does the study of magnetism and self abuse have in common?
How do you call blue cow?
What's the best nation in the world?
What do you call a cow with two legs?
What's the most dangerous animal in Africa?
Did you guys hear about the fire at the circus?
What do you call an epileptic cow?
How many Apes does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why does a dog lick his balls?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
What do you call a masturbating cow?
What do you call an epileptic cow?
How many Apes does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why does a dog lick his balls?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
What do you call a masturbating cow?
Why did the bee get married?
How many members of a certain demographic group does it take to perform a specified task?
Whats white and salty?
What's long, hard, and full of semen?
What do you do when you see an enemy with half a face?
What do you do when you see an enemy with half a face?
Why are jack-o-lanterns inbred?
Why don't ghosts have kids?
Why do demons and ghouls hang out together?
There were 100 crows sitting on a wire and a farmer shot 1, how many were left?
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza?
Do cats like Deadmau5?
Did you hear they're making a holistic version of Star Wars?
What did the Titanic say to the iceberg?
Did you hear they're making a holistic version of Star Wars?
What did the Titanic say to the iceberg?
Did you hear about the farmer who fell in love with his cows milk?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth on his coffee?
What's the difference between an Onion and a Whore?
What did the otter say to his girlfriend?
What do you call an alligator in a vest?
Why do tachyons program in assembly?
Why did the feminist cross the road?
Where do you find a dog with no legs?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Did you hear the one about the deaf guy?
Doctor, doctor, what did you say I had?
Doctor, doctor, what did you say I had?
what is the height of trust?
Why was Fibonacci afraid of 5?
Did you know that Erwin Schrodinger's funeral was closed casket?
Which popstar cuts down trees?
Whats got wrinkles and hangs out your undies?
What's grey and comes in pints?
Whats got wrinkles and hangs out your undies?
What's grey and comes in pints?
What would George Washington do if he were alive today?
What do you call a guy with diarrhea who just had his father committed to the insane asylum?
If you're American when you go into the bathroom and American when you come out, what are you *IN* the bathroom?
Did you hear about Michael Vicks new shoe contract?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
What did the donut say to the loaf of bread?
What's your best elephant joke sequence?
How do you confuse a blonde?
Did you know Brian Welch, the former drummer of Korn opened up an Orphanage in India?
why was X afraid of Y?
why was X afraid of Y?
Why are black men afraid of chainsaw's?
What is black and has two broken arms?
It took us ages to get this joke... Want to have a go?
What do you call it when Hitler pees?
Which kind of shark is also the saddest dog?
Q: Why do rugby fans eat up the sport?
What's an archaeologist?
When does 1+1=3?
When does 1+1=3?
Why did the Siamese twins move to England?
Have you heard about these new Oak woord, gold-finished coffins?
What do you call a German virgin?
What was the score of the lobster soccer game?
Who's the coolest guy in the hospital?
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why don't women sleep on the left side of the bed?
What do you call a woodland elf without any connecting plastic bricks to play with?
What's the proper way to pronounce Mormon?
How does Hitler tie his shoes?
Did you hear about the Bausch & Lomb tech who fell into a giant lens grinder?
What's the proper way to pronounce Mormon?
How does Hitler tie his shoes?
Did you hear about the Bausch & Lomb tech who fell into a giant lens grinder?
Why did the sperm cross the road?
What's a Grecian Urn?
whats the difference between cancer and black people?
What do you get if 2 black men sleep in a sleeping bag?
Why is Halloween one of the most popular holidays in West Virginia?
Why was the baby strawberry crying?
What do women and Slinkies have in common?
Whats the difference between Jelly and Jam?
Why was the baby strawberry crying?
What do women and Slinkies have in common?
Whats the difference between Jelly and Jam?
How many apples grow on a tree?
What do you call a deer that has no eyes?
What did the 0 say to the 8?
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow?
What's the worst thing about your girlfriend having a miscarriage?
What's the worst thing about your girlfriend having a miscarriage?
You know what's fun to do in Ohio?
No Job ??
What do gay horses eat?
What do you call a silent kebab?
How do they play basketball in Mexico?
What's the difference between a toddler and a bag of cocaine?
What is a shoe made out of a Banana called?
Wanna hear a joke?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
Why are Atheists so resistant to video game cheats?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
Why are Atheists so resistant to video game cheats?
Why does beer go faster through you than milk?
Knock knock. Who's there?
Did you hear about the Wall Street bankers that won the Nobel Peace Prize in Chemistry?
What do you call an Ethiopian on a hunger strike?
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume ?
Did you hear about the Wall Street bankers that won the Nobel Peace Prize in Chemistry?
What do you call an Ethiopian on a hunger strike?
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume ?
What do you call an Ethiopian with a yeast infection?
Why was the shirt smelly?
What do you call a dog with no legs?
What did the Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor?
What did the otter say to the guy whose ankle he pooped on?
what does a family dentist and a pedophile have in common?
Where do Baby Airplanes Come From?
Why do girls wear make up and perfume?
Why does the "forever alone" keep a beehive next to his bed?
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina?
Knock Knock. Who's there? Dragon Ball Z. Dragon Ball Z Who?
Whats easier than stealing candy from a baby?
Whats the smartest thing to come out of a womans mouth?
How do you fit an elephant into a subway?
Why did the scarecrow win an award?
Q: What do you call a group of people who share bathroom facilities?
How do you fit an elephant into a subway?
Why did the scarecrow win an award?
Q: What do you call a group of people who share bathroom facilities?
You hear about the agnostic, dyslexic insomniac?
What kind of jean's do Mario prefer?
What has seven arms and sucks?
How did the set react when it heard about the Russell Paradox?
Why do redditors make such good fencers?
What's the difference between a guitar and an elevator?
Why was the garbage man afraid of the staff at the sex-change clinic?
What kind of bees make milk?
What did the snail say as she was riding on the back of a turtle?
What's the difference between 9/11 and your birth?
What's the difference between 9/11 and your birth?
Why did the Time Traveler give Julius Caeser a BJ?
How do you blend in at a bald convention?
Why can't you make fun of Steve Jobs' death?
A man driving a car hits a woman. Who's fault is it?
Did you know Helen Keller had a dog?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth?
Did you know Helen Keller had a dog?
Why did the hipster burn his mouth?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
What is the difference between michael jackson and pimples?
How do black people die from a drive by?
How do you stop an Armenian tank?
TOO SOON?
Did you heard Steve Jobs died?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
What did Picasso and Smurfette have in common?
Why did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
What did Picasso and Smurfette have in common?
Why did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth?
You know the difference between 2 dicks and a joke is?
What do you call a ghost's fart?
What did Hamlet say to his cat?
Mary, did he have any last requests?
What is Ke$ha's favorite candy?
Where did Napoleon keep his armies?
What did the abortionist have for breakfast?
What do you call a baby born in a whorehouse?
What is Ke$ha's favorite candy?
Where did Napoleon keep his armies?
What did the abortionist have for breakfast?
What do you call a baby born in a whorehouse?
How do crazy people get through the forrest?
What's the difference between a violin and a viola?
What do you call a Mesoamerican unicorn?
Did you hear about the duck that got thrown away?
What do you call a masturbating bull?
Q: What is worse than finding a worm in your apple?
Q: What is worse than finding a worm in your apple?
How does Sean Connery find his way to the toilet?
What do Hillbillies do on Halloween?
How do you titilate an ocelot?
How do you get the drummer off your front porch?
Why did the trio of Mexicans get arrested?
What type of music do people listen to in the grasslands?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What's worse than a worm in your apple?
What's better than winning a gold medal at the Special Olympics?
What's green, slimy and smells like pork?
Are YOU smarter than a 4-year old? ...well, are you?
Why did Simba's father die?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
How come you never see elephants hiding up trees?
What is the difference between jelly and jam?
how do you confuse a masterbator?
How come you never see elephants hiding up trees?
What is the difference between jelly and jam?
how do you confuse a masterbator?
I lost a pop quiz last night. The question was: where do women mostly have curly hair?
Where does Sean Connery put his beard clippings?
What did Keanu Reeves say to slow down his horse?
Why won't Goldilocks drink a glass of water with eight pieces of ice in it?
What do you do when a blonde throws a pin at you?
Q. How many black people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
what do you get when you call a subreddit "jokes" and have more than 21 000 readers?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
How do you get two elephants into a refrigerator?
what do you get when you call a subreddit "jokes" and have more than 21 000 readers?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
How do you get two elephants into a refrigerator?
What's the latest big thing to sweep across Japan?
Why did the women's studies major go to college?
How do you spell 'way' with an 'f'?
What did the man order at the Indian restaurant?
Why did the boy jump off the dock?
How do aliens stay warm?
What do you do when a Chemist dies?
I think this is a repost. Why did Lady Diana cross the road?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
What does a blender full of dead babies sound like?
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection?
What would you tell someone who is attempting to steal your cheese (hint: not "nacho cheese")?
What would you tell someone who is attempting to steal your cheese (hint: not "nacho cheese")?
What do you call a seven course Irish meal?
What do you call an Irish guy with no arms and no legs hanging out on your front porch?
Why do they call them "roach clips"?
What is the worst joke in philosophy?
Why was the animal unhappy?
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
What's pun plus pun?
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe?
What happened when the lepers played poker?
What do you call a stoner dinosaur?
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft?
Did you hear about the new corduroy pillows?
What is the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
What do anal sex and vegetables have in common?
How do you call two guys on a motocycle?
Did you hear about the guy who thought his dishwasher was talking to him?
What's a pirate's favorite letter in the alphabet?
What do you call a black guy flying a plane?
What do you call a black guy flying a plane?
If you could eliminate one entire race off of the face of the planet, which would you choose?
Why can't a bike stand on it's own?
What's the pirate movie rated?
What do you call a Woman who can balance 3 pints of Lager on her head?
What kind of workout does Bob the electrician do?
How do you make five pounds of fat look sexy?
What's a French egg's favourite airforce?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a row of boxers?
What kind of Bee is full of milk?
Which military branch has the biggest balls?
Why did the blond climb over the glass wall?
How many libertarians?
How come Jesus could never play for the Blackhawks?
Jimmy has 36 candy bars, and he eats 28. What does Jimmy have?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
What happened to the gay wizard?
What do I call my pasta friend?
What do I call my pasta friend?
USDA steak inspector?
Look, a reindeer. Santa, is that you?
What music do girls on their periods listen to?
What do you call a dog with no legs and balls of steal?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
What do you call an alligator in a vest?
What is the difference between a sandwich and a baby?
What do you call a cow that just gave birth?
Why is Italy shaped like a boot?
Why is Italy shaped like a boot?
What do you call a condom within a condom?
What did the Leper say to the Prostitute?
What do you get if you cross an elephant with a rhino?
Why Do Republican Couples Keep A Copy Of Ronald Reagan's Biography Next To Their Bed?
Why couldn't the pig run?
Have any duck food?
What did Reddit say to his elderly mother when he tried to take her to a home?
What's pink and hard?
Have any duck food?
What did Reddit say to his elderly mother when he tried to take her to a home?
What's pink and hard?
Is sex without obligations possible after getting married?
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom?
Knock-Knock, Whose There?
What's six feet tall , silver and stands at the end of kids beds?
What's the difference between Jelly and Jam?
Reddit, what is your best cheesy joke?
What can you tell your dog but not your girlfriend?
Reddit, what is your best cheesy joke?
What can you tell your dog but not your girlfriend?
What do you do when you find Michael J. Fox in your hot tub?
did you hear about the circus fire?
How did hipster kid hurt himself?
How much cocaine can Charlie Sheen do?
You hear about the fishing prostitute ?
Did you hear about the latest thing affected by recession?
Do You have a book called, Husband, the master of Wife ?
Did you hear about the latest thing affected by recession?
Do You have a book called, Husband, the master of Wife ?
What do you call a bear that likes men when it's happy and women when it's sad?
Why did the pedophile get a job at the bakery?
What do women and condoms have in common?
What do you give and take at the same time?
What did a lesbian frog tell another lesbian frog?
What do Mike Piazza, and an altar boy have in common?
5 Dicks!?
Have you ever tried to peel apart a grilled cheese sandwich?
What's the Islamist term for acceptable internet humor?
What's the Islamist term for acceptable internet humor?
do you know why its called pms?
What do you say when only the egg remains?
Have you heard about the masochist who likes taking a cold shower every morning?
Do you know what's réally tiring../?
Did you guys hear the one about the circus fire?
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow?
What's the difference between the 9/11 attack and a dairy cow?
Who was the chicken's favorite composer?
Why do chicken coops only have two doors?
Why did the man with acute bronchitis go on holiday?
What did the llama said to the other llama?
Doctor: I have some bad news. You HAVE to stop masturbating. Man: OMG Doc, WHY?
Why did the man with acute bronchitis go on holiday?
What did the llama said to the other llama?
Doctor: I have some bad news. You HAVE to stop masturbating. Man: OMG Doc, WHY?
What's green and has 4 wheels?
What do many Asian guys have that's hairy, got two balls, and is smaller than average?
What's the difference between a blonde and an Airbus A380?
How did the hipster burn his hand?
Whats the most insensitive spot on a man's penis?
How many feminist does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Why is a divorce so expensive?
What do they call mosquitoes in Pakistan?
What do going down on a girl and talking to the mafia have in common?
Whats the difference between a duck?
Where do you find a zebra?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's the difference between sex and golf?
How many dragon ball Z characters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a T-Rex with tourettes?
Q: How many apples grow on a tree?
Where do you find a zebra?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What's the difference between sex and golf?
How many dragon ball Z characters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you call a T-Rex with tourettes?
Q: How many apples grow on a tree?
What's Beethoven's favourite fruit?
Want to hear a joke about sodium?
What does crossing the Niagara on a tightrope and being given a blowjob by a 90-year old have in common?
Whats the difference between a watermelon and baby?
Can Cold Water Clean Dishes?
Why can't you fool an aborted baby?
What does a fish say when it hits a brick wall?
Why can't you fool an aborted baby?
What does a fish say when it hits a brick wall?
Why wouldn't the two tampons speak to each other?
What's the difference between an onion and a prostitute?
What's the second hardest thing in the morning?
What do you call a Mexican woman with no legs?
What is the medical name for the operation that changes a person's sex from female to male?
What do you call an exploding monkey?
What is the difference between a dog thermometer and a human thermometer?
What is the difference between a dog thermometer and a human thermometer?
What do nine out of ten people like?
What did T-Rex say after doing yoga for the first time?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
Why don't blind people like to go skydiving?
What is a Nuclear Physicist's favourite meal?
What's the difference between a Friend and a Punjabi Friend?
why did princess Diana cross the road?
Why do girls get so moody when they're on their periods?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
What do Michael Jackson and caviar have in common?
How are politicians like people's appendixes? What's the difference between honest politicians and fairies?
What do Michael Jackson and caviar have in common?
How are politicians like people's appendixes? What's the difference between honest politicians and fairies?
What does a gynecologist and a pizza boy have in common?
Why don't black people listen to country music?
What do you do when you see a spaceman?
What did Zach De La Rocha bring home from the beach?
What do you call a kid with one arm and three legs?
What did the Zero say to the Eight?
What is a male porn actor's favorite one hit wonder song?
Why did the pregnant girl struggle so much with grammar?
What do Apple and the US economy have in common now?
What do a coffee pot, Irene, and the reigning Stanley Cup champions have in common?
What do Hurricane Irene and Kim Kardashian have in common?
What do Hurricane Irene and Kim Kardashian have in common?
What do you use to clear the air of stupid?
How long can a frog hold its breath underwater?
What was Beethoven's favorite food?
What did one guy at a gay bar say to the other guy?
For the english - What do you call a girl with 2 cunts?
What's green and has wheels?
What's green and has wheels?
Why was the horse happy to come home after being released from the hospital?
Why can't moccasins play the blues?
Which nation doesn't do what it's supposed to do until it's too late?
Which real-life dictator was the most fun?
What's more impressive than the talking dragon?
How is masturbation and brain damage similar?
Anyone here know of Gaddafi?
How is masturbation and brain damage similar?
Anyone here know of Gaddafi?
What do you call a group of Japanese people running up a hill?
Why couldn't the hipsters save the hippies?
Why do Christian bands only record with Pro Tools?
What does DNA stand for?
Wanna hear a joke about my dick?
Why did the U.S. invade Panama?
How does a one armed man row a boat?
Did you hear about the earthquake?
What do you call an alligator in a vest?
What do pirates use to copy files?
What do you call a cow with 2 legs?
What do you call an alligator in a vest?
What do pirates use to copy files?
What do you call a cow with 2 legs?
What do you call a monkey in a suit?
What's a composer's favourite childhood game?
Why is chili so annoying?
Did you hear about the soldier who had the entire left side of his body blown off?
What do you call a cow masturbating?
How do you make a nun pregnant?
How do you get a blonde pregnant?
Did you hear the one about the blind prostitute?
What do you call a cow that's had an abortion?
How do you know a chinese thief has broken into your house?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What do you call a cow that's had an abortion?
How do you know a chinese thief has broken into your house?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
What will a blind, deaf child with no arms get for Christmas?
Why did the plane crash?
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb?
What did the tomato say to the peach?
What do you call a cow without legs?
English joke - What's another name for Santa's elves?
Did you hear about the bedbug?
What do you get if you squeeze a synagogue?
English joke - What's another name for Santa's elves?
Did you hear about the bedbug?
What do you get if you squeeze a synagogue?
How did the hipster burn his fingertips?
Did you hear about the bloke who poisoned his wife with a razor blade?
Q: Why did Hitler cry when he got to heaven?
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light bulb?
What's big, green, fuzzy, has four legs, and will kill you if it falls out of a tree?
What do you call a black woman with 8 abortions?
Has the airplane joke been posted yet?
Has the airplane joke been posted yet?
What do you call a black man who fly's a plane?
What do you call more than two English blokes masturbating?
What do you call a black man flying an airplane?
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?
What is orange and sounds like a parrot?
Who's Irish and lives in your back yard?
Why did the tiger get lost in the jungle?
What's the difference between a pizza and a black man?
What's the difference between batman and a blackman?
(OL) What's the difference between a bucket of poop and a lawyer?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
What's hard and hairy and sticks out of your pajamas at night?
What's the best thing about having sex with forty two year olds?
What did the little boy with no arms and legs get for Christmas?
What Is The Best Boxing A Mexican Does?
What do you call a group of Vigilante Aussie Nuns?
What were the Virgin Islands called, after Chuck Norris visited them?
How many ears does Captain Kirk have?
What is the difference between a computer and a woman?
Q: How many Orthodox Rabbis does it take to change a light bulb?
Q: How many Orthodox Rabbis does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call four drowning Mexicans?
What type of shoes does a ninja wear?
What do a plum and an elephant have in common?
What do chemists say when they smell something that they don't like?
What is the common enemy of frostbite victims and dairy products?
Did you hear the one about the deaf guy?
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long?
What did the river say when it saw the beavers?
What's black, blue, and hates sex?
What's long, dark, and stinks?
What's long and hard on a black man?
What's better than a tall woman wrapping her legs around you?
What's Brown and Sticky?
What's black, white, and red all over?
What's 18 inches long and makes women scream all night?
Whats the difference between Sarah Palins mouth and her vagina?
What do you get if you cross a pitbull and a hooker?
I am the beginning of eternity, the end of time and space, the beginning of every end, and the end of every place. What am I?
Q: How many Vietnam Vets does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What are the first 3 words in every authentic Mexican recipe?
What suicidal space creature did Kirk find on the Enterprise?
What suicidal space creature did Kirk find on the Enterprise?
What does Batman say when he goes down on a woman?
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
Did you know that the Queen of England is a casual gamer?
What do a sprinkler and an unemployment line have in common?
Why did jay z cross the road?
Did you hear about the prostitute with an MBA?
Did you hear about the man who got hit in the head with a can of soda?
Why couldn't the penguin turn around in the phone booth?
What's the worst thing about being a black jew?
What's the worst thing about being a black jew?
How do you get the walls of your house as bright as they can possibly be?
Want to hear the worst self-referential joke in the world?
What does a dog become after it 6 years old?
Why was the car naked?
What do you call a bunch of blondes waiting in line for meat?
What kind of overalls does Mario wear?
Reddit, my girlfriend is having a kind of crappy day. Any good jokes I can tell her to lift her spirits?
why didn't the young bald eagle need a chaperone?
What do you call a girl that can suck a lemon through a garden hose?
why didn't the young bald eagle need a chaperone?
What do you call a girl that can suck a lemon through a garden hose?
Who would win in a fight...your mom or your dad?
How do you find a black person?
Did you hear about the girl who went fishing with five guys ?
3 doctors joke?
What is the difference between light and hard?
What do you call the person who sleeps on the wet spot?
What do you call a nun on a bicycle?
Where should you go if you lost a corner?
What's better than double-fisting a newborn?
Two tampons are walking down the street towards you, which one says hello?
Want to hear a joke about Sodium Hypobromite?
What do you call a chinese woman with a food processor on her head?
What do you call a chinese woman with a food processor on her head?
Why did the programmer get a job at the photographers?
What's a Pirates favorite letter?
What's big and yellow and can't swim?
What eye cannot see, cannot blink and is bleeding?
What do you call a Vagina's Poem?
What's the difference between Australia and yogurt?
Whats the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
Whats the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
What's pasty, white, and bounces up and down in a crib?
What appears when you ask a genie for a classical composer?
why don't women wear watches?
What's big, gray, and doesn't matter?
What did the farmers daughter say when she lost her virginity?
Getting into Heaven: what's the worst thing you've done?
What do a bucket and a woman have in common?
What did the farmers daughter say when she lost her virginity?
Getting into Heaven: what's the worst thing you've done?
What do a bucket and a woman have in common?
Did you hear about the fire on the Indian reservation?
Did you hear about the girl who gave out handjobs to electricians, plumbers, mechanic, you name it?
Q: What's the highest form of praise you can receive from a pimp?
what gets wet when it dries??
How many mothers-in-law does it take to change a light bulb?
Why did the hipster's mouth hurt?
Why did the kidnapped clock always read 12:00?
Did you hear that Elton John is singing at Amy Winehouse's funeral reception?
Why did the kidnapped clock always read 12:00?
Did you hear that Elton John is singing at Amy Winehouse's funeral reception?
Why do some birds fly south for the winter?
Do you think all Asians look alike?
How did the redneck find his sister in the woods?
Why can't animals take tests?
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What did one drug dealer tell another on the street corner after hearing of Amy Winehouse's death?
Person one: Do you know that joke about the no and the me neither?
How do you wake up Lady Gaga?
How do you wake up Lady Gaga?
Are you sure?
What's grey and comes in quarts?
What do elephants use for tampons?
What do you call a nosy pepper?
How do you make a hormone?
Do you want to see the birthmark on my arse?
How could they tell Amy Winehouse was dead?
What is the difference between San Francisco and Larkspur?
I really like long story jokes, that have crap punchlines at the end. anybody got any others?
I really like long story jokes, that have crap punchlines at the end. anybody got any others?
Did you hear the one about Facebook's wedding?
Whats green and has wheels?
There has been a bomb explode in Scandanavia?
Did you hear about the gay (native American) indian?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why are hula dancers so pretentious?
A Master's degree?
*For Harry Potter fans* What language do UPS men at Hogwarts speak?
Did you hear Aerosmith's new song about chocolate milk?
Why are hula dancers so pretentious?
A Master's degree?
*For Harry Potter fans* What language do UPS men at Hogwarts speak?
Did you hear Aerosmith's new song about chocolate milk?
What did Batman say to Robin before they got into the Batmobile?
What do Jewish pitbulls say to each other when they get home?
What car does Woody drive?
Why are all female moths lesbians?
Why don't most fans like the first 39 episodes of DBZ?
What do you get if you cross a rooster with a disobedient dog?
What do you get if you cross a rooster with a disobedient dog?
Hey, did you hear about that man who flew so close to the sun he touched it in exactly one spot?
What's the worst possible thing to hear while you're blowing Willie Nelson?
How many Murdochs does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's worse than ten dead babies nailed to a tree?
How many alzheimer's patients does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call a black bastard who never grew up?
What's a holocaust denier's favorite month?
Everyone should have a good, somewhat clean, joke on hand to tell in a pinch. What's yours?
What did the blind and deaf girl get for Christmas?
What did the blind and deaf girl get for Christmas?
What gets louder as its gets smaller?
What is 6.9?
What kind of breath freshener does George Clinton use?
How can you tell if there's a mosquito in your bed?
Why did the spud lover set his alarm for 8:00?
What do you call cheese that doesn't belong to you?
What do you call cheese that doesn't belong to you?
What does the pussy of an 80 year old woman taste like?
What's the worst part about fucking your grandma?
What do you call an upside down blonde?
What did the elephant say when he was pulled out of the quicksand by the balls?
Why are mountains so funny?
Whats the V in DVD stand for?
Do I know any jokes about Sodium?
Why does the sad crab walk side ways?
Why do people consistently make bad chemistry jokes?
How do you make a duck sing?
How do you know shes the one?
Where do bacteria go when they die?
What do you call social networking for magical creatures?
Why do Transformers always have their heads in the clouds?
What do you call a Sasquatch that is never on time?
How do you know when someone smokes weed?
What did the Jewish Pedophile say to the boy?
What did the cab driver say when the black man got into his cab?
What happens when your favorite team wins the World Cup?
What would you do?
Why shouldn't you wear a watch on your belt?
Where will the Womens World Cup final be held?
Why does everybody like the mushroom?
Why does everybody like the mushroom?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
Guess what?
What did the Gay techie say?
Why are linux geeks very introvertish ?
Why can't you play hide and go seek with a Pokémon?
What happened when the cow jumped over the barbed wire fence?
'Dad, how do you feel about abortions?' Why don't you ask your sister?
What's small, black and full of cobwebs?
Did you hear about the midget psychic who escaped from prison?
Did you hear about the tap dancer?
Did you hear about the dancing girl?
What is that white thing in my pork&beans?
Did you hear the one about the gay cleptomaniac magician?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
How do you call a hearing-impaired duck?
What do a mole and an eagle have in common?
Why did the bird go to the restaurant?
What do you do if an elephant comes through your window?
What do a pizza and this joke have in common?
Does a one legged duck swim in circles?
What did the Grateful Dead fans say when they stopped smoking pot?
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court?
what do you get when you cross copper and zinc?
What is the first sign of AIDS?
What did the dentist witness after he gassed the rabbi?
Why can't Ganondorf go on the internet?
Why can't Ganondorf go on the internet?
Did you hear about Dr. Stephen Hawking?
What kind of cheese do you use to hide a small horse?
What did the wind turbine say to Justin Beiber?
Why did the letter arrive wet?
What kind of cheese do you use to entice a bear?
What has one hundred balls and screws old ladies?
What’s the last thing Tickle Me Elmo receives before he leaves the factory?
Why did Tiger Woods stop winning golf tournaments?
Why did Tiger Woods stop winning golf tournaments?
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's new house?
what do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft?
You know what really makes me smile?
What do you call a tree that does not believe Jesus was the messiah?
Why are dragons so tired?
Have anyone heard that band The Prevention?
What do a cue ball and a Mexican have in common?
What's green and has 4 wheels?
What's brown and sits on a piano bench?
Do you know what the 14th and 15th letters of the alphabet spell?
Know what they call the useless skin around a vagina?
What do mad cow disease and PMS have in common?
Do you remember that barbeque you had?
How many members of a particular ethnic minority does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many members of a particular ethnic minority does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call a Mexican with a vasectomy?
What do gynecologists and pizza delivery guys have in common?
What does a cat say when you tread on its tail?
How do you say 'The Torah' in German?
What is Fonzi's favorite letter of the alphabet?
Did you hear about the cannibal who came home late for dinner?
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a baby?
What do you call a gay anemic?
What do the janitors clean the Reddit office with?
Why did the plant cross the road?
How do Eskimo fleas stay warm?
I came up with this joke myself. One person laughed. What do you think?
Why should you avoid sexual encounters with The Fonz?
Have you heard that joke they don't tell gays?
What do you get when you cross a rhetorical question with a joke?
What did the Momma buffalo say to the baby buffalo on his first day of school?
How many redditors does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many Freudians does it take to change a lightbulb?
How are pirates like pimps?
What does a clock do when it's hungry?
How do you make holy water?
Why didn't Lebron go to college?
Will you remarry?
How can you instantly blind an Asian person?
What's the difference between a new anal plug and a used one?
Have you heard of OS X Def Leppard?
what did the sea say to the sand?
You guys hear about the new Lebron James phone?
Whats the difference between a rooster and a prostitute?
What has four legs, and if it fell out of a tree it'd kill you?
What is Forrest Gump's password?
If smart guys like dumb girls, and dumb guys like dumb girls, who likes smart girls?
What's black, white and red all over?
You know the 4 quarters Lebron joke, how about the Dirk one?
How does Moses make his tea?
How many Hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What did Larry McMurtry say when his neighbor asked to borrow a bar of soap?
What do you call a nerd girl with big boobs?
So I'm fucking this guy in the ass, right?
What has 4 wheels and flies?
How many Obama-voters does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call it when a ruminating philosopher decides to commit suicide via high explosives?
How is a vagina like a grapefruit?
What is the difference between a dollar and Lebron James?
what do Little Miss Muffet and Saddam Hussein have in common?
How do you fix a broken tuba?
What did the pineapple say to the coconut?
Why did the cowboy adopt the weiner dog?
Daddy, what does a vagina look like?
Daddy, what does a vagina look like?
How many Environmentalists does it take to change a light bulb?
How do sharks like their steak?
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy?
How many Psychoanalysts does it take to change a light bulb?
Did you hear about the Meat Packing CEO?
Why does a chicken coop have 2 doors?
Properly offensive mum jokes?
Did you know that Will Smith is a black smith?
Did you know that Will Smith is a black smith?
What did one potatoe say to another?
Where do girls have the curliest hair?
What do you call an elf made of lego?
What's your best Pirate Joke?
why do gorillas have big nostrils?
Why should you always take two Mormon's fishing?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Did you know Hitler's father was a cobbler?
Math/music joke: What do you get when you subtract original blues from modern blues?
How do you make Holy Water?
Why do they call it a cheese grater?
Which sport is more lame: frisbee, or curling?
what's a pirate comedian's favorite reddit?
What does walking on a broken suspension bridge and getting head by a gay-guy have in common?
How do you spot a terrorist?
what's a pirate comedian's favorite reddit?
What does walking on a broken suspension bridge and getting head by a gay-guy have in common?
How do you spot a terrorist?
How many chicken does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What kind of tree would have the best bark?
What's easier to load into a garbage truck, babies or bowling balls?
What do you call someone who gets Praise and Merit on Reddit?
What do a burnt pizza, frozen beer, and a pregnant girl have in common?
What do Ryan Giggs and Imogen Thomas have in common?
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
What do Peacocks mate with?
What did the boy with no legs and arms get for Christmas?
Why do lesbians shop at sports authority?
What do 9 out of 10 people agree on?
Why doesn't anyone tell jokes about Jonestown?
How do you get dragon pee?
what do a nun and a public defender have in common?
What's Lil Wayne's Favorite French Movie?
Have you heard the myth about how the internet was created?
Did you hear about the scarecrow who won an Oscar?
Whats the difference between a blond and a mosquito?
How are black people like Christmas lights?
Why can't Indians drive cars?
What's the hardest thing about roller-blading?
What's your problem then?
You hear about these Islamic balloons?
What do Buddhists eat to help keep themselves balanced both physically and spiritually?
You hear about these Islamic balloons?
What do Buddhists eat to help keep themselves balanced both physically and spiritually?
Whats the most racist and dirty joke you know?
Why did the podiatrist want to change careers?
What would the Pilsbury Doughboy be if photos of him were constantly being put on magazine covers?
Why did the farmer name his pig ink?
Wanna hear a minimalist joke?
What do monkeys sleep on?
Mother's have mother's day and father's have father's day. What do male redditors have?
What was Bruce Lee's favorite drink?
Why aren't there any Walmarts in the middle east?
Why aren't there any Walmarts in the middle east?
Why is flour retarded?
Remember the undies with the days of the week on them, Monday, Tuesday....?
Why is everyone always late to Auto-Erotic Asphyxiation Anonymous meetings?
What sucks about being black and jewish?
Why do black people think about sex so much?
What do you call Christopher Reeve before the accident?
What's your favourite out of date joke?
What's the difference between marmalade and jam?
What is gray and comes in pints?
How many muscles does a chicken have in its neck?
What's the difference between a joke and two dicks?
Why doesn't a chicken wear pants?
What's the difference between Obama and Osama?
How do you circumcise a redneck?
Why is the space between a women's tits and hips called a waist?
What did David Crockett say when he looked over the Alamo wall and saw 3000 Mexicans?
What do Reddit and Pedophiles have in common?
What do Reddit and Pedophiles have in common?
How do we know God's not a woman?
what are some of your favorite play-on-name jokes?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
What's the difference between purple and pink?
Funny name/saying/one-liner for a rocket?
What time does Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon?
Why do midgets laugh when they run?
Good Anatomy or Digestive System Joke?
My First reddit Joke: Why did the walrus go to the Tupperware store?
What's your crappiest Pick-up attemp?
My First reddit Joke: Why did the walrus go to the Tupperware store?
What's your crappiest Pick-up attemp?
You know why I hate Cancer?
What's big, black and steals you credit card?
What did you hear about the man who fell into the upholstery machine...?
Q: What's the best pickup line to use in a gay bar?
Hey Reddit, what are your favorite lame jokes?
You hear about the guy who had his whole left side amputated?
What do Atilla the Hun and John the Baptist have in common?
Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs?
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?
Why did the LAPD leave the Dodger game early?
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Do you know the difference between camping and molestation?
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillowcases?
Why does Bob Marley like jpegs, gifs and pngs but hate svg?
Why does Bob Marley like jpegs, gifs and pngs but hate svg?
What do you call a gay drive by?
If I held two sandwiches, one in each hand, would anybody consider that a balanced diet?
What is the difference between a slut and a bitch?
Where does my name come from?
What is the best thing about kids?
why does dr. pepper come in a bottle?
Did you hear about the constipated mathmatician?
Did you hear about the constipated mathmatician?
What's the best thing about an extremely drunk, angry girlfriend?
Whats long black and stinky?
What did the boy vampire say to the girl vampire?
What'd the fish say when he ran into a wall?
¿What do you do if a purple elephant and a multicolored horse are following you?
...How did you do it?
How many black people does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What kind of pants does Mario wear?
Your gonna do what for a dollar?
What do you call mexicans who are stoned?
Anyone have a good birthday joke?
MY boss has been telling this one all week. Which bird symbolizes great wisdom?
Why do Kenyans always win marathons?
What do you call the men I kidnap and jerk off against their will?
What did the hippie say when his girlfriend told him to move out?
What do you call an underdeveloped chicken fetus in a frat house?
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable?
Why was the Windows PC broke?
Speaking of corny jokes: how do you win a race against vegetables?
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer?
How do you get a Nun pregnant?
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella?
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella?
Whats the difference between an onion and a hooker?
what do you call a guy in love with a foreign girl?
You know what'd be an AMAZING prank for April Fool's Day, Reddit?
Whats a baby's favourite temperature?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
What does Geronimo say when he jumps out of planes?
What are the 2 biggest lies men tell?
What is big, yellow and eats rocks?
What did they call Hitler's limo driver?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
My Favorite Lightbulb Joke is: How many Iranians does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many vowels are in the word 'vowel'?
What do a washing machine and a one night stand have in common?
Reddit, may a I please have a Elizabeth Taylor / Michael Jackson joke?
What's the longest sentence in the English language?
What's the best part about having sex with 22 year olds?
What's red and white?
Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac?
What's yellow and smells of bananas?
What do hockey goaltenders and Alaskan prostitutes have in common?
How many Apple Geniuses does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
what did cinderella say when she got to the ball?
What do you have when you just used the toilet and realized there's no toilet paper?
What do you call a delicacy made by stripping the skin off of a Native American and cooking it?
What's long, brown, and sticky?
What's the difference between a tsunami and a bear?
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Aren't boner jokes funny?
What did Kermit the Frog say after Jim Henson died?
Why should you not visit the Ukraine with your fly unzipped?
Why should you not visit the Ukraine with your fly unzipped?
What's green and has wheels?
What do you call Wolverine post-op?
How do you know when it's midnight at Neverland Ranch?
Who was the largest knight at the Round Table?
What do troll mathematicians like to solve?
What did the penguin say to the polar bear?
Why did the worm want to learn kung-fu?
Why do Japanese people love mechs so much?
Are these my brains?
Why don't shrimp give anything to charity?
What did King Arthur have for breakfast?
What did King Arthur have for breakfast?
(First Post) I have an 8-year-old stepson. Can we get a child appropriate, CLEAN joke thread?
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snowblower?
What does a trumpet player use as contraception?
How much coke did Charlie Sheen snort?
So I met a terrorist the other day and asked him about his ethnicity. You wanna know what he said?
How can you tell that the stage is level?
How much coke DID Charlie Sheen do?
How do you make a guitar player's car more aerodynamic?
What's the difference between a blowjob and a ham sandwich?
Why are turds tapered on the ends?
How do you get a pool player off your porch?
What do you call a drummer without a girlfriend?
Q: What do you call a drummer in a three piece suit?
Why is it unjust to blame taxi drivers for cheating us?
Where do kids with ADHD go for the summer?
Why is it unjust to blame taxi drivers for cheating us?
Where do kids with ADHD go for the summer?
How do you confuse a Daily Mail reader..?
What did one pedophile say to the other?
How do you get down from an elephant?
You know what they say about a guy with big feet?
What's the difference between a baby and a tree?
Do you know what it means to come home to a man who'll give you a little love, a little affection, and a little tenderness?
Want to hear a funny joke?
What kind of monkey can fly?
What's the difference between a woman and bacon....?
What kind of monkey can fly?
What's the difference between a woman and bacon....?
What's the difference between a carpenter and a construction worker?
Why shouldn't you have sex with Linux users?
What's white and ten inches long?
What's green and falls up?
What do you call a blonde geek with cancer?
How do you get someone to pay child support?
why shouldn't you fart in church?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
How many Jewish mothers does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's the difference between a fridge and a vagina?
What's blue and yellow and sits at the bottom of the pool?
How do you stop a dog who's humping your leg?
How do you stop a dog who's humping your leg?
What do you call a female to male sex change?
Why did they start using liquid soaps in prisons?
What did the captain say to the men before they got on the boat?
What's the difference between a Rottweiler and a Poodle?
What's the difference between a woman kneeling in prayer and a woman kneeling in a bathtub?
What's the difference between a tribe of pygmies and an all-girl track team?
Why do farts smell?
What do you have when you have two small, green balls in your hand?
How much does a pirate pay for corn?
How many PETA members does it take to change light bulb?
How many PETA members does it take to change light bulb?
Whos the coolest guy in hospital?
What's better than a dozen roses on a piano?
Whats the difference between a rooster and a whore?
What do you call an epileptic in a lettuce patch?
What did one snowman say to the other snowman?
What did one snowman say to the other snowman?
What do you do to a chemist after they're dead?
What's blue and doesn't fit any more?
What's green and eats nuts?
What do JFK and Obama have in common?
What do you call a bovine that won't leave Egypt?
What does a tornado and a red-neck divorce have in common?
What are Mario's overalls made of?
What time do you go to the dentist?
Why did the French chef kill himself?
Why is being a politician more difficult than being a ventriloquist?
Why is being a politician more difficult than being a ventriloquist?
What do you call a slippery book?
Why did the baker have brown hands?
How do you confuse a blonde?
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
What do you call a dog with no limbs?
Guy with the orange for a head. Who finds this funny?
What happens if the protesters in Egypt win?
I was reading in the paper today about this dwarf that got pick pocketed. How could anyone stoop so low?
What did Oprah say when she visited Harlem?
Ask me what the secret to comedy is?
AskJokes: Do you have any classy "yo mamma" jokes?
Do you know what the difference is between a Scotsman and a Rolling Stones song?
What's the worst part about getting AIDS?
How is being married like puttin' on a tin roof?
Formulae for finding the stopping time of a musical object?
Can you make me some good real estate jokes?
What did the leper say to the hooker?
What do you get with a woman majoring in woman's studies?
Did you hear that Zsa Zsa Gabor was suing the doctor who amputated her leg?
What's the best part about taking a shower with an 11 year old girl?
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord?
Email to my boss: What is the difference between your daughter and this morning?
Whats the difference between Peanut butter and Jam?
Number jokes, anyone?
What do you call a male camel toe?
What did the sadist do to the masochist?
How do you make a cat go "meow"?
How many Hispanics does it take to change a light bulb..?
What is the TSA's favorite movie?
Why do programmers always get Christmas and Halloween confused?
did you hear about the guy with five penises?
What does oral sex in a nursing home taste like?
What's long and hard and fucks old people?
What's long and hard and fucks old people?
Why was the dolphin so upset with the attendance of his drunken kegger?
why google is a she?
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina?
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina?
Why is sex like Tetris?
Which one to marry?
What is smaller than a teeny weenie fly?
You know how I know it's lunch time?
What do you call a computer that farts?
Why did the cellphone go to court?
Where do epileptics love to eat?
Are you at stupid situation? Press Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!?
Where are smells made?
Why are giraffes so tall?
what did the gay sperm say to his compatriot?
Why did the broom take a nap?
You: Knock knock, Me: Who's there?
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snowblower?
Why can't a bicycle stand on it's own?
Did you hear about the guy who went to the convention of legless women?
What's the opposite of Stephen Hawking?
What's 9 and a half inches long and satisfies all c*nts?
How many skaters does it take to change a lightbulb?
What did justin beiber say to his mom?
How many punks does it take to change a light bulb?
How many Norwegians does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call the first Irish woman ever created?
Why do turkeys always gobble?
Why doesn't San Antonio have a pro football team?
Why does Saturn have rings?
what do rappers use to keep their sneakers so white?
Why do hippies wear patchouli?
What was the best time in history for the Italians?
What snooker and women have in common?
Why does SnoopDogg carry an umbrella?
How many Irish folk singers does it take to change a light bulb?
What kind of bees make milk?
Did you hear about the guy who lost his left arm and left leg in a car accident?
Did you hear about the man who had sex with a parrot?
What is an Arkansas virgin?
Why does Snoop Dawg need an umbrella??
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer?
How do you clear out a veterans bingo hall?
My 5 year old told me this joke: What do you call a puppy in the desert?
What do Americans do immediately after winning the World Cup (Soccer)?
Where do you find a turtle with no legs?
What do the Texas Rangers & Brett Favre's wife have in common?
Wanna hear a rape joke?
What do you call a mexican midget?
How do you know when your girlfriend is getting fat?
What happens when you fingerbang a gypsy on her period?
Why do aspirins work?
Why didn't the gunpowder plot work?
Why is there such a shortage of teachers in Africa?
Why did the pregnant Chinese chicken cross the road?
Why did the pregnant Chinese chicken cross the road?
Do you know the difference between a mailbox and an elephant's asshole?
Why do rednecks like Halloween?
Know who loves to get fisted?
Why did the pervert cross the road?
Why did the serial killer become a chef?
What's grey and comes in quarts?
In a Catholic boarding school, how do you know when to go to bed?
What's big, grey and makes you jump?
What's the difference between you and a naked ringneck?
Whats the difference between jam and jelly?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb?
Q: How can you tell when your girlfriend is getting too fat?
What is Irish and sits on your deck?
Did you hear about the logical skunk?
Did you hear about the Florida pastor's Quran burning?
Why did Gateway computers go out of business?
Bloke jumps out of a plane, pulls his parachute and nothing happens, pulls his emergency chute, nothing happens. Holy Fuck! He notices this other bloke coming up towards him at high speed so he shouts over: Mate, Mate do you know anything about parachutes?
Why does Helen Keller masturbate with only 1 hand?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
What's easier to load into a garbage truck? Bowling balls or babies?
What's easier to load into a garbage truck? Bowling balls or babies?
How do you circumcise a whale?
What do you call a fat kid with red hair and a eye patch?
How do you turn a fox into a cow?
Why do women wear makeup and perfume?
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume?
What's the temperature in Motown right now?
What did Joan Rivers say to the zombie?
If the answer is 'cockrobin', what's the question?
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex?
What's the difference between a musician and a large cheese pizza?
What do you call a guy who likes to hang out with musicians?
What do a pizza delivery man and a gynecologist have in common?
What did the egg say to the boiling water?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why was Tigger's head in the toilet?
Why can't bikes stand up without leaning on something?
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe?
What's the hardest part about rollerblading?
You hear about the gay guy who has a job in construction?
You hear about the blind guy on Wheel of Fortune?
What happen if a bomb blasts in a bra or a man's underwear?
Why does Al Gore hate Oil Spills?
If the opposite of pro is con, what's the opposite of progress?
What did the cheese maker say after his factory was hit by lightning?
How many pregnant women does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How Many Hipsters Does it Take to Screw in a Lightbulb?
Who is the biggest prostitute alive?
What's your favorite color?
Why do lesbians shop at the Sports Authority?
How do you titillate an ocelot?
What does a gay horse eat?
Q: How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Q: How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What do you call an Arab with a hammer on his head?
you hear they're making a movie about constipation?
Why did Mary Poppins break both her legs?
Did you hear they just passed a law making round hay bales illegal?
What is the difference between love and lust?
Did you hear about the constipated accountant?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
Quand a eu lieu le dernier gagnant d'un jeu d'instant gagnant ?
What is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
What do a short-sighted gynaecologist and a puppy have in common?
Here's a joke just for reddit: How many narwhals does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many musos does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What do you get when you combine a Comedian and a Whorehouse?
What do you get when you combine a Comedian and a Whorehouse?
What is hard and six inches long?
How do you get two rednecks to play Banjo in unison?
2 Scottish cows in a field: which one is on holiday?
How many mistakes can you find in this joke?
What is 4,000 lawyers at the bottom of the ocean?
What did the inflatable school master say to the inflatable school boy in the inflatable classroom in the inflatable school?
New Daily Joke WTF??
Why are condoms transparent?
Boarding from what gate?
What's Forrest Gump's favorite diner?
They say it’s a joke, but, is it?
what do you call a man wrapped in meat?
What is the difference between your Mum and a sack of green apples?
What do you call a bug on the moon?
(Warning, this is worse than those laffy-taffy jokes) Why don't engineers have sex with much frequency?
Q: Why did the pacifist /b/tard try to calm everyone down?
Q: Why can't Obama poke fun at himself?
Why is gambling not allowed in Africa?
What do you call three witches in a hot tub?
Where does the general keep his armies?
My question is: how did she manage to forget the result?
What do scientists use to measure a chicken's gestation period?
What's black and white and dead all over?
What's your best Michael Jackson is dead joke?
What did the river say when coal barges stopped?
What did the river say when coal barges stopped?
quickie or quiche?
What do you call a German with a cold?
If a plane from California crashes in a cemetery in Montana where are the survivors buried?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
